--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
EITHER: (I) QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS ("QIBs") IN RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION 
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), PROVIDED BY RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT ("RULE 144A"); OR (II) NON-U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S")) LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.  
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the attached 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this notice and you are therefore advised to read this 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached Base Prospectus. In accessing 
the attached Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them, any time you receive any information from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers 
and Dealers (each as defined in the attached Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. You acknowledge 
that this electronic transmission and the delivery of the base prospectus is intended for you only and you 
agree you will not forward this electronic transmission or the attached document to any other person. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY 
JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR THE 
GUARANTEE DESCRIBED IN THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE BEEN, NOR WILL 
BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS NOR MAY THEY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S), EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION 
NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO, AND MUST NOT BE 
PASSED ON TO, THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. RATHER, THE 
COMMUNICATION OF THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS 
ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS WHO HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN 
MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005 
(THE "ORDER") OR HIGH NET WORTH ENTITIES AND OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY 
LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER 
(EACH SUCH PERSON BEING REFERRED TO AS A "RELEVANT PERSON"). THIS 
COMMUNICATION IS BEING DIRECTED ONLY AT RELEVANT PERSONS AND ANY 
INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS COMMUNICATION RELATES 
WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. NO PERSON OTHER THAN A 
RELEVANT PERSON SHOULD RELY ON IT. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS 
IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE 
MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF 
OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION 
CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED, AND 
WILL NOT BE ABLE, TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED THEREIN. 
CONFIRMATION OF YOUR REPRESENTATION: By accessing the attached Base Prospectus you 
confirm to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers that: (i) you understand and agree to the 
terms set out herein; (ii) you consent to delivery of the attached Base Prospectus and any amendments or 
supplements thereto by electronic transmission; (iii) you will not transmit the attached Base Prospectus (or 
any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to any other 
person; and (iv) you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment regarding any credit, 
investment, legal, taxation or other economic considerations with respect to your decision to subscribe or 
purchase any of the Notes (as defined in the attached Base Prospectus). In order to be eligible to view the 
attached Base Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to the Notes, investors must be

--- Page 2 ---
either: (a) QIBs (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act); or (b) non-U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) located outside the United States. The attached Base Prospectus is being sent at 
your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing the attached Base Prospectus, you shall be deemed 
to have represented to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and Dealers that: (1) you and any customers 
you represent are either (X) QIBs or (Y) non-U.S. persons located outside the United States; (2) you are a 
person who is permitted under applicable law and regulation to receive the attached Base Prospectus; and 
(3) you consent to delivery of the attached Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the attached Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the attached Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with 
the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the 
attached Base Prospectus to any other person. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation 
of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
The attached Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that 
an offering of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer, such offering shall be 
deemed to be made by each Arranger or Dealer (that is not a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction) 
on behalf of the Issuer through its registered affiliate that is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the attached Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the securities described herein in any jurisdiction in which 
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Recipients of the attached Base Prospectus who intend 
to subscribe for or purchase any Notes are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made 
on the basis of the information contained in the attached Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms and/or supplement(s) to the attached Base Prospectus (if any). The attached Base Prospectus 
may only be communicated to persons in the United Kingdom in circumstances where Section 21(1) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, does not apply. 
The distribution of the attached Base Prospectus in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons 
into whose possession the attached Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Arrangers and Dealers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
The attached Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers nor any person who controls 
them nor any director, officer, employee or agent of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability 
or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the attached Base Prospectus distributed 
to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers. Please ensure that your copy is complete. If you received the 
attached Base Prospectus by e-mail, you should not reply by e-mail to this announcement. Any reply e-mail 
communications, including those you generate by using the "reply" function on your e-mail software, will 
be ignored or rejected. You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your 
use of this e-mail is at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free 
from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and with effect from such date, should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and with effect from such date, should not be offered,

--- Page 3 ---
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (a) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (b) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance", which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for purposes of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Singapore SFA product classification - IN CONNECTION WITH SECTION 309B OF THE 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (AS MODIFIED OR 
AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE "SFA") AND THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
(CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018 OF SINGAPORE (THE "CMP 
REGULATIONS 2018"), UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED BEFORE AN OFFER OF NOTES, 
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED HAS DETERMINED, AND HEREBY 
NOTIFIES ALL RELEVANT PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 309A(1) OF THE SFA), 
THAT THE NOTES ARE 'PRESCRIBED CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS' (AS DEFINED IN 
THE CMP REGULATIONS 2018) AND EXCLUDED INVESTMENT PRODUCTS (AS DEFINED 
IN MAS NOTICE SFA 04-N12: NOTICE ON THE SALE OF INVESTMENT PRODUCTS AND 
MAS 
NOTICE 
FAA-N16: 
NOTICE 
ON 
RECOMMENDATIONS 
ON 
INVESTMENT 
PRODUCTS).

--- Page 4 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
(an exempted company limited by shares and incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies Act 1981) 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C. 
(a Qatari shareholding company incorporated with registration number 21183 under Qatari law no. 21 of 1998) 
Under this U.S.$5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Ooredoo International Finance Limited (the "Issuer") may from 
time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The payments of 
all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (the "Guarantor" and 
"Ooredoo"). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement described herein), subject to any increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer(s) 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer and Ooredoo (each a "Dealer" and together, the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") to the "relevant Dealer(s)" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers who have agreed to subscribe to such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of the principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer and Ooredoo to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 7. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the ''Prospectus 
Regulation''). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (''Euronext Dublin'') for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the official list (the ''Official List'') and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a 
regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"). The approval of the Central Bank of Ireland relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being ''listed'' (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or have been admitted to trading on such further stock exchanges as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (as defined below). There is no assurance that a trading market in the Notes will develop or be maintained. This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 
months from its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes which are applicable to each Tranche 
(as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed 
on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been or will be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any 
United States state securities laws and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
US persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The Notes may be offered and sold (i) within the United States only to 
qualified institutional buyers (each, a "QIB") within the meaning of, and pursuant to, Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") in reliance on the 
exemption from registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A or on another exemption therefrom and (ii) to persons other than U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) in offshore transactions as defined in, and in reliance on, Regulation S. See "Form of the Notes" for a description of the 
manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
The Issuer and Ooredoo may agree with any Dealer(s) that notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in 
which event a supplemental prospectus or a new base prospectus, in the case of listed notes only, if appropriate, will be made available, which will describe the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such notes. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined under "Overview of the Programme") of Notes to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing 
such rating may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Ooredoo has been assigned ratings of A2 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") with a 
stable outlook, A- by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and A- by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), both with a stable outlook. S&P 
is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, S&P is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Each of Moody's and Fitch are established in the UK and are registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Neither of Moody's or Fitch is established in the European Union and they have not applied for registration 
under the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
respectively in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Both of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such both Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), and will be provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA ("ESMA Benchmarks Register") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the ESMA Benchmarks Register at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Arrangers and Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
DBS Bank Ltd 
Mizuho Securities 
QNB Capital 
Standard Chartered Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 March 2021.

--- Page 5 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, Ooredoo, the Group (as defined herein) 
and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, Ooredoo, the Group and the Notes, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and Ooredoo. 
The Issuer and Ooredoo accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer and Ooredoo, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office 
set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined herein). 
Certain information under the heading "Book Entry Clearance Systems" has been extracted from 
information provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. 
Certain information under the heading "Overview of Qatar" has been extracted from information provided 
or obtained by the Qatar Central Bank's website and Quarterly Statistical Bulletin and the Planning and 
Statistics Authority. 
Each of the Issuer and Ooredoo confirms that all third party information contained in this Base Prospectus 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of any third party information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is stated where such information appears in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any amendments or supplements hereto and with 
any documents incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. 
None of the Arrangers and Dealers has independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Arrangers and Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer or Ooredoo in connection with the Programme. None of the Arrangers or Dealers accepts any liability 
in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer or Ooredoo in connection with the Programme. 
The only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons 
named in the relevant subscription agreement as the relevant Managers. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or Ooredoo to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered 
into in relation to the Programme or any other information supplied by the Issuer or Ooredoo or such other 
information as is in the public domain in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
Ooredoo or any of the Arrangers and Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, Ooredoo or any of the Arrangers and Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and Ooredoo. Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer 
or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, Ooredoo or any of the Arrangers and Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
- ii - 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or 
Ooredoo is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Arrangers and Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or Ooredoo during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, Ooredoo and the Arrangers and Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer, Ooredoo or the Arrangers and Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering 
of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer, sale and transfer of Notes in Bermuda, the Dubai International Financial Centre, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Japan, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the State of Qatar 
(excluding the Qatar Financial Centre) and the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International 
Financial Centre) and the United States of America. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State") or the United Kingdom (the "UK") will be made 
pursuant to either an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation or an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), as the case may be, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Relevant State or the United Kingdom (as the case may be) of Notes which are the subject of an offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as the case may be), in 
each case, in relation to such offer.  
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or a UK regulated market (as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR")) within the United Kingdom or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, 
as applicable, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as of the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Notes must 
determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 7 ---
- iii - 
 
 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact that such an investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where principal and interest are payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes may be complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They generally purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in an issue of Notes which 
are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial 
advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of such Notes and the impact that such an investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own, independent examination of the Issuer 
and Ooredoo and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
None of the Arrangers and Dealers, the Issuer or Ooredoo makes any representation to any investor 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict the ability of certain investors to make investments in the 
Notes. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations or 
review and regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to 
determine whether and to what extent: (i) the Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) the Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes by the investor. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulator to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules and regulations. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, neither the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda nor the Bermuda 
Monetary Authority (the "BMA") nor any other regulatory body in Bermuda has approved or disapproved 
of the Notes or passed upon the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offence. 
EXCHANGE CONTROL 
Securities may be offered or sold in Bermuda only in compliance with the provisions of the Bermuda 
Companies Act 1981, as amended (the "Companies Act"), the Investment Business Act 2003, the 
Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations of Bermuda which regulate the sale of securities in 
Bermuda. In addition, specific permission is required from the BMA, pursuant to the provisions of the 
Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations for all issuances and transfers of securities of Bermuda 
companies, other than in cases where the BMA has granted a general permission. 
The BMA, in its policy dated 1 June 2005, provides that, in respect of a Bermuda company which does not 
have any equity securities (an equity security is defined as a share issued by a Bermuda company which 
entitles the holder to vote for or appoint one or more directors or a security which by its terms is convertible 
into a share which entitles the holder to vote for or appoint one or more directors) listed on an appointed 
stock exchange (which the Issuer does not), general permission is given for the issue and subsequent transfer 
of any securities, other than equity securities, from and/or to a non-resident of Bermuda. The general 
permission does not apply to securities held in bearer form. The BMA has granted specific permission to

--- Page 8 ---
- iv - 
 
 
the Issuer for: (i) the issue of the Notes to "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A 
promulgated under the Securities Act in compliance with Rule 144A) and "Accredited Investors" as defined 
in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities Act in the United States; and outside 
the United States pursuant to and in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and in accordance 
with local securities laws and regulations, in all cases with a minimum Note denomination of €100,000; 
and (ii) the free transferability of Notes so long as the Notes are admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or any other Appointed Stock Exchange (as defined in the Companies Act); and the free 
transferability of the Notes if not so listed in accordance with local securities laws and regulations, in all 
cases with a minimum Note denomination of €100,000. 
The BMA consent referred to above covers the issue and free transferability of the Notes being offered by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Base Prospectus but not any supplement thereto. The Issuer has also obtained a 
direction from the Minister of Finance of Bermuda that Part III and Section 35 of Part IV of the Companies 
Act relating to the offering of the Notes shall not apply to the offering of the Notes under the Programme, 
provided that they are only offered, up to the maximum aggregate nominal amount, to "Qualified 
Institutional Buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act in compliance with Rule 144A) and 
"Accredited Investors" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities 
Act in the United States; and outside the United States pursuant to and in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act and in accordance with local securities laws and regulations, in all cases with a minimum 
Note denomination of €100,000. The BMA, the Minister of Finance of Bermuda and the Registrar of 
Companies accept no responsibility for the financial soundness of any proposal or for the correctness of 
any of the statements made or opinions expressed in this Base Prospectus or in any prospectus supplement. 
Unless the Notes are listed on the Bermuda Stock Exchange, no invitation whether directly or indirectly 
may be made to the public in Bermuda to subscribe for the Notes. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to "qualified institutional buyers" 
within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act ("QIBs") or to "accredited investors" (as defined in 
Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities Act) that are institutions 
("Institutional Accredited Investors"), in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any 
Registered Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"). 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). Each purchaser or holder of Definitive IAI 
Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in 
exchange or substitution therefor (together "Legended Notes") will be required or deemed, by its 
acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements 
intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes, as set out in "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
QIBs and Institutional Accredited Investors for informational use solely in connection with the 
consideration of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose 
in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be 
distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is 
originally submitted. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE 
OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN 
THE UNITED STATES.

--- Page 9 ---
- v - 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
"restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, each of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor has undertaken in a deed poll dated 10 March 2021 (the "Deed Poll") to furnish, upon the 
request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective 
purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as "restricted securities" 
within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and it is neither a reporting company under 
Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor 
exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance", 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for purposes of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET   
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTICE TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and with 
effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTICE TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail

--- Page 10 ---
- vi - 
 
 
investor in the UK.  For these purposes: the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: (a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (b) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR  Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and 
accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB") in the Kingdom of Bahrain where 
such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or the equivalent amount in any other 
currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). 
This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used 
in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer outside the Kingdom 
of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and 
it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or outside 
the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness 
of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability 
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this 
Base Prospectus. No offer of securities will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base 
Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the 
public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Notes issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a 
public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered 
with the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
or the Qatar Financial Markets Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the 
Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident 
in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and do not constitute debt financing in the State 
of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or 
otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("Saudi Arabia") except to 
such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offers of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued 
by the Capital Market Authority of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Notes issued under the 
Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
- vii - 
 
 
If a prospective purchaser does not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus he or she should consult 
an authorised financial adviser or authorised person. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Notes, Ooredoo International Finance Limited has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as an exempted company under the laws of Bermuda. All or a substantial portion 
of the assets of the Issuer are located outside the United States. As a result, an investor may not be able to 
effect service of process outside Bermuda upon the Issuer, or its directors and officers or to enforce court 
judgments obtained against the Issuer, or its directors and officers in jurisdictions outside of Bermuda 
predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer under laws other than Bermuda law, including any judgment 
predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
There is no treaty in force between the United States and Bermuda providing for the reciprocal recognition 
and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. As a result, whether a United States 
judgment would be enforceable in Bermuda against the Issuer or its directors and officers depends on 
whether the U.S. court that entered the judgment is recognised by the Bermuda court as having jurisdiction 
over the Issuer or its directors and officers, as determined by reference to Bermuda conflict of law rules. 
The courts of Bermuda would issue a valid, final and conclusive judgment in personam in respect of a 
judgment obtained in a U.S. court pursuant to which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money 
payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or 
other penalty) as long as (i) the court had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to the judgment 
according to Bermuda's conflicts of law principles; (ii) the court did not contravene the rules of natural 
justice of Bermuda; (iii) the judgment was not obtained by fraud; (iv) the enforcement of the judgment 
would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda; and (v) there is due compliance with the applicable 
common law rules in Bermuda governing the enforcement of a foreign judgment. 
In addition to and irrespective of jurisdictional issues, the Bermuda courts will not enforce a United States 
federal securities law that is either penal or contrary to the public policy of Bermuda. An action brought 
pursuant to a public or penal law, the purpose of which is the enforcement of a sanction, power or right at 
the instance of the state in its sovereign capacity, is unlikely to be enforced by a Bermuda court. Certain 
remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including certain remedies under U.S. federal 
securities laws, will not likely be available under Bermuda law or enforceable in a Bermuda court, as they 
may be contrary to Bermuda public policy. Further, no claim may be brought in Bermuda against the Issuer 
or its directors and officers in the first instance for violations of U.S. federal securities laws because these 
laws have no extraterritorial jurisdiction under Bermuda law and do not have force of law in Bermuda. A 
Bermuda court may, however, impose civil liability on the Issuer or its directors and officers if the facts 
alleged in a complaint constitute or give rise to a cause of action under Bermuda law. 
No stamp duty or similar or other tax or duty is payable in Bermuda on the enforcement of a foreign 
judgment. Court fees will be payable in connection with proceedings for enforcement. 
Qatar 
Ooredoo is a Qatari public shareholding company incorporated under the laws of the State of Qatar 
("Qatar"). All of its officers and directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a 
substantial portion of the assets of Ooredoo and of such officers and directors are located outside the United 
States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside Qatar upon 
Ooredoo or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts outside Qatar predicated

--- Page 12 ---
- viii - 
 
 
upon civil liabilities of Ooredoo or such directors and officers under laws other than Qatari law, including 
any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
There is currently no treaty or convention for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments between Qatar on 
the one hand and the United States on the other.  Law No. 13 of 1990 (the "Qatar Civil and Commercial 
Code") sets out the conditions that apply to the recognition and enforcement in Qatar of foreign court 
judgments and, accordingly, a foreign court judgment can in theory be enforced in Qatar.  In practice, 
however, two of the conditions can constitute material impediments to the successful enforcement of a 
foreign court judgment. The first requirement is reciprocity with the courts of the foreign jurisdiction. 
Article 379 of the Qatar Civil and Commercial Code states: "Judgments and orders pronounced in a foreign 
country may be enforced in Qatar on the same conditions determined in that foreign country for the 
enforcement of Qatari judgments and orders therein." A Qatari court would be entitled to call for evidence 
on the laws of the foreign jurisdiction concerning the conditions that would be applicable for the execution 
of the judgment of a Qatari court in that jurisdiction. The second requirement is finality.  Article 380.3 of 
the Qatar Civil and Commercial Code requires that the judgment is final and has the effect of res judicata 
under the relevant applicable rules which can be a challenge to demonstrate. .In order to enforce such 
judgment, it would be necessary to initiate proceedings in Qatar to enforce a United States court judgment 
and the judgment debtor would be entitled to one, and possibly two, levels of appeal. 
The Notes and the Guarantee are governed by English law and disputes in respect of them may be settled 
under the LCIA Rules in London, England. In addition, actions in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee 
may be brought in the English courts at the option of the Noteholders. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating 
to Enforcement – It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce arbitration awards and foreign judgments 
against the Issuer" and "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Enforcement – It may be difficult for Noteholders 
to enforce arbitration awards and foreign judgments against Ooredoo". 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information set out in this Base Prospectus has been derived from: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Ooredoo and its consolidated subsidiaries (the 
"Group") as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Financial Statements") that 
are set out on pages F-58 to F-164 of this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (the "2019 Financial Statements") (which includes the unaudited comparative 
information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018 (the "2018 Comparative 
Information")) that are set out on pages F-165 to F-266 of this Base Prospectus. The 2020 
Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements (together the "Consolidated Financial 
Statements"), have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and  
(iii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2018 that are set out on pages F-1 to F-57 of this Base Prospectus (together, the "Issuer's Financial 
Statements"). These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS issued by 
the International Accounting Standards Board. Audited financial statements of the Issuer for 
periods after 31 December 2019 were not available as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In 2019, the Group transitioned to IFRS No. 16, Leases ("IFRS 16") using the modified retrospective 
approach on 1 January 2019 and therefore did not restate the 2018 Comparative Information. Upon 
transition to IFRS 16, the Group recognized QR5,619,868 thousand of right-of-use assets and QR5,597,524 
thousand of lease liabilities.  Due to the adoption of the new accounting standard, the 2019 Financial 
Statements and the 2020 Financial Statements are not directly comparable with the 2018 Comparative 
Information. See Note 3.2.1 in the 2019 Financial Statements for more information on the transition to 
IFRS 16.

--- Page 13 ---
- ix - 
 
 
Non-IFRS Measures 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation ("Adjusted EBITDA") is a measure 
used by the Group's management to measure operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA equals profit for 
the year adjusted for income tax, depreciation and amortisation, net finance costs, impairment of losses on 
goodwill, financial assets and other assets, royalties and fees, and other income/(expenses) - net. For a 
reconciliation of profit for the period to Adjusted EBITDA see "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial 
Information of the Group". Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognised measure under IFRS or US generally 
accepted accounting principles and does not purport to be an alternative to profit after tax from continuing 
operations as a measure of operating performance or to cash flows from operating activities as a measure 
of liquidity. Additionally, Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow available for 
management's discretionary use, as the measure does not consider certain cash requirements such as interest 
payments, tax payments, debt service requirements and capital expenditures. Ooredoo believes that 
Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and is helpful in highlighting trends because it 
excludes the results of certain decisions that are outside the control of operating management and can differ 
significantly from company to company depending on long term strategic decisions regarding capital 
structure, its stage of growth development, its capital expenditure requirements, the jurisdictions in which 
certain companies operate and capital investments. As not all companies use identical calculations, these 
presentations of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other 
companies. Adjusted EBITDA may not be indicative of the Group's historical operating results presented 
in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted EBITDA is not subject to audit or review by any independent auditors. 
Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool. Some of these limitations are:  
 
it does not reflect the Group's cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditure or 
contractual commitments;  
 
it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, the Group's working capital needs;  
 
it does not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service 
interest or principal payments, on the Group's debt;  
 
although depreciation and amortisation are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and 
amortised will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any 
cash requirements for such replacements;  
 
it does not adjust for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in the Group's 
statements of cash flows; and   
 
the further adjustments made in calculating Adjusted EBITDA are those that management 
considers as not representative of the underlying operations of the Group, and therefore are 
subjective in nature. 
Industry, Market and Customer Data 
The customer data included in this Base Prospectus, including penetration rates, average revenue per user 
rates ("ARPU"), churn rates and market shares are derived from management estimates of such customer 
data for the Group and its subsidiaries. The Group's use or computation of these terms, such as ARPU, may 
not be comparable to the use or computation of similarly titled measures reported by other companies in 
the telecommunications industry, including the Group's subsidiaries' competitors. How the Group's four 
principal operating companies calculate their number of customers, churn and ARPU is described in more 
detail below. In addition, as each of the Group's operating companies may calculate churn and ARPU in 
slightly different ways, the Group does not present in this Base Prospectus its churn rate or ARPU on a 
consolidated basis and thus these figures are not directly fully comparable. See "Presentation of Financial 
and other Information – Industry, Market and Customer Data – Customers" and "Management's Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Factors Affecting Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations".

--- Page 14 ---
- x - 
 
 
Customers 
Mobile customers who pay in advance of services provided are counted as "prepaid" customers and mobile 
customers who pay periodically following the provision of services are counted as "postpaid" customers. 
The rate at which mobile customers are disconnected from a network or are removed from an operating 
company's customer count due to inactivity, is referred to as the company's "churn" rate. For all of the 
Group's operating companies, a mobile customer is counted from the date of the activation of such mobile 
customer's subscriber identity module card ("SIM card"). 
As discussed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the Group has expanded its operations significantly in 
recent years, primarily through acquiring established telecommunications companies in the Middle East, 
North Africa, and Asia Pacific regions. Because each such company calculates its mobile customer numbers 
in accordance with its historical practices, which is in turn primarily a function of market conditions and 
regulatory requirements in the country in which it operates, the Group's operating companies do not prepare 
their mobile customer numbers on a consistent basis. The Group's four principal operations calculate their 
mobile customer numbers as follows: 
 
Ooredoo Qatar does not count postpaid customers as customers if they have any outstanding 
balance remaining more than 120-145 days after their last statement date and does not consider 
prepaid customers to be customers if they have not recharged their SIM card within 90 days of its 
validity date by adding certain minimum amounts to it. 
 
Indosat Ooredoo does not count postpaid customers as customers if their bill remains unpaid more 
than 50 days after the bill is issued and does not consider prepaid customers to be customers if they 
have not generated a revenue event within the last 90 days of the reporting period or have motivated 
one from another party. 
 
Asiacell Communications PJSC ("Asiacell") does not consider prepaid customers to be customers 
if they have not had any chargeable activities within the last 90 days. 
 
Ooredoo Kuwait does not count postpaid customers as customers if they have any outstanding 
balance remaining more than 150 days after their last statement date and does not consider prepaid 
customers to be customers if they have not recharged their SIM card within 90 days of its expiry 
date by adding certain minimum amounts to it. 
The Group calculates churn by dividing the total number of deactivations (voluntary and involuntary) in a 
given period by the number of customers for the same period. However, certain of its operating companies 
do not calculate churn, and Ooredoo Kuwait divides the total number of deactivations (voluntary and 
involuntary) by the average number of subscribing customers in a given period. Asiacell considers 
customers as churners if they have not had any chargeable activities within the last 90 days. See 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Factors 
Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Churn". 
Fixed line customers, for which the Group provides services in Qatar, Indonesia, Oman, Kuwait, Maldives, 
Myanmar and Tunisia, are calculated by the number of active lines at the end of the period. In general, a 
customer is no longer counted as a customer if they have not made a payment on an outstanding balance 
within approximately 60 to 90 days (depending on the market). 
The Group calculates proportionate customers by multiplying each operating company's total number of 
customers by the Group's economic interest in that operating company. 
ARPU 
The Group believes that ARPU provides useful information concerning the appeal and usage patterns of 
the Group's rate plans and service offerings and the Group's performance in attracting and retaining high-
value customers. The Group's operating companies all calculate ARPU on a quarterly basis by dividing the 
recurring revenue, including airtime and interconnection revenue, for a given three-month period by the 
average number of customers for that period. The average number of customers is the sum of the total 
number of customers at the beginning of the period and the number of customers at the end of the period 
divided by two. However, each of the Group's operating companies may define recurring revenue in slightly 
different ways. Ooredoo Qatar includes all connection charges and other onetime charges in recurring

--- Page 15 ---
- xi - 
 
 
revenue, but excludes device and accessory revenue. Indosat Ooredoo includes all recurring prepaid and 
postpaid cellular services revenues (usage charges, value-added service, interconnection revenues and 
monthly subscription charges) but excludes nonrecurring revenues such as activation fees and special 
auctions of telephone numbers. For Ooredoo Kuwait, all recurring revenue is included but visitor roaming 
revenues and other one time revenues are excluded. Asiacell, on the other hand, includes roaming revenue 
in recurring revenues for the purposes of calculating ARPU.  
Cell Sites 
The number of cell sites operated in each of the Group's markets has been provided by the Group's 
subsidiary in that particular market.  A cell site is a physical site comprising the infrastructure and radio 
equipment associated with a cellular transmitting and receiving station, including land, building, tower, 
antennas and electrical equipment for one or several radio access technologies (including GSM, WCDMA 
or LTE).  The definition of cell sites could differ slightly between Group companies. 
Market Share 
In certain of the Group's markets, the Group's subsidiaries' market share data and that of their competitors 
has been calculated based on available information released by the Group's competitors in the markets in 
which the Group operates. Undue reliance should not be placed on market share data because of differences 
in the dates as of which such data is made available in each market by the Group's various companies and 
because the Group cannot verify the information provided by its competitors. 
No Representation or Warranty 
Market data and certain industry data, forecasts and statements regarding the Group's position in the 
telecommunications industries in its various markets made in this Base Prospectus are based on Ooredoo's 
own internal estimates and, in some cases, on industry data collected by the relevant national regulator or 
the industry. While Ooredoo believes the statements contained in this Base Prospectus, including customer 
and share information, to be reliable and to provide fair and adequate estimates of the size of its markets 
and fairly reflect the Group's competitive position within those markets, these statements have not been 
independently verified and Ooredoo does not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or 
completeness of such information set forth in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, Ooredoo has made statements in this Base Prospectus regarding the telecommunications 
industry, the markets in which subsidiaries operate, its operating subsidiaries' position in the industry and 
the market shares of various industry participants based on Ooredoo's experience and Ooredoo's own 
investigation of market conditions (in particular, based on its internal data collected from its subsidiaries' 
networks, monitoring traffic and customer activations). Ooredoo cannot assure you that any of its 
assumptions are accurate or correctly reflect Ooredoo's subsidiaries' position in the industry and none of 
Ooredoo's internal surveys or information has been verified by any independent sources. 
The customer, churn, ARPU and market share data contained in this Base Prospectus are not part of the 
Group's financial statements or financial accounting records and have not been audited or otherwise 
reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
Rounding 
Certain figures contained in this Base Prospectus, including financial information, have been subject to 
rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum of the numbers in a column or a row in 
tables contained in this Base Prospectus may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column 
or row. Percentages in tables have been rounded and accordingly may not add up to 100 per cent. 
Currency presentation 
In this Base Prospectus: 
 
"Euro" or "€" refers to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to Article 123 of the treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended;

--- Page 16 ---
- xii - 
 
 
 
"Indonesian Rupiah", "IDR" or "Rp" refers to the lawful currency of the Republic of Indonesia 
("Indonesia"); 
 
"Iraqi Dinars" or "IQD" refers to the lawful currency of Iraq; 
 
"Kuwaiti Dinars" or "KD" refers to the lawful currency of Kuwait; 
 
"Qatari Riyal" or "QR" refers to the lawful currency of Qatar; 
 
"QR m" refers to Qatari Riyals in millions;  
 
"United States" or the "U.S." refers to the United States of America; 
 
"U.S. Dollars", "USD" or "U.S.$" refers to the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
and 
 
"U.S.$ m" refers to U.S. Dollars in millions. 
Exchange rates 
The Group presents the Consolidated Financial Statements in Qatari Riyals. The Qatari Riyal is, and since 
the mid-1980s has been, pegged to the U.S. Dollar at a fixed exchange rate of QR3.6415 = U.S.$1.00 and, 
accordingly, translations of amounts from Qatari Riyals to U.S. Dollars have been made at this exchange 
rate for all periods in this Base Prospectus. 
The following table sets out for the dates indicated U.S. Dollar exchange rates of the other principal 
currencies of the Group, which are the Indonesian Rupiah, Kuwaiti Dinar and Iraqi Dinar on 31 December 
2018, 2019 and 2020 (based on the mid-market rate reported by Bloomberg).  
 
31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Currency (=U.S.$1.00) 
 
 
 
Indonesian Rupiah .................................................................... 
14,424 
13,847 
13,925 
Kuwaiti Dinars ......................................................................... 
0.3034 
0.3029 
0.3042 
Iraqi Dinars .............................................................................. 
1,196 
1,204 
1,461 
 
Solely for the convenience of the reader, certain financial information as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 
2020 has been translated into U.S. Dollars at the conversion rates quoted by Bloomberg at such dates and 
as set out above. There can be no assurance that members of the Group outside Qatar converted, or could 
have converted, amounts in local currency into U.S. Dollars at the conversion rates at which amounts have 
been translated in this Base Prospectus.  
On 8 March 2021, the mid-market rate for exchange between U.S. Dollars and Indonesian Rupiah, as 
reported by Bloomberg, was Rp14,495 to U.S.$1.00, the mid-market rate for exchange between U.S. 
Dollars and Kuwaiti Dinars, as reported by Bloomberg, was KD0.3030 to U.S.$1.00 and the mid-market 
rate for exchange between U.S. Dollars and Iraqi Dinars, as reported by Bloomberg, was IQD1,460 to 
U.S.$1.00.

--- Page 17 ---
- xiii - 
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "target", "aim", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. All statements other than 
statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding 
Ooredoo's or, as the case may be, the Group's financial position, business strategy, management plans and 
objectives for future operations, are forward looking statements. These forward looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause Ooredoo's or, as the case may 
be, the Group's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different 
from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These forward looking statements 
are based on numerous assumptions regarding Ooredoo's or, as the case may be, the Group's present and 
future business strategies and the environment in which it expects to operate in the future. Important factors 
that could cause Ooredoo's or, as the case may be, the Group's actual results, performance or achievements 
to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements include, among other factors referenced 
in this Base Prospectus: 
 
the impact of investment in network capacity and the deployment of new technologies, or the rapid 
obsolescence of existing technology; 
 
greater than anticipated competitive activity, from both existing competitors and new market 
entrants; 
 
changes in economic, financial and political conditions in markets served by operations of the 
Group that would adversely affect the level of demand for telecommunications services; 
 
the severity, magnitude and duration of the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic and the 
containment, mitigation and other response measures taken in the markets served by the Group;  
 
the Group's ability to operate, maintain and protect equipment, software, information and network 
infrastructure and the impact of any natural disasters or physical or cyber attacks on such systems 
or infrastructure;  
 
changes in exchange rates, including particularly the exchange rates of the Indonesian Rupiah and 
Iraqi Dinar to the U.S. Dollar; 
 
removal or adjustment of the peg between the U.S. Dollar and the Qatari Riyal; 
 
the effects of, and changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy affecting the Group's 
business activities; 
 
the Group's ability to obtain and maintain necessary regulatory approvals and licences for its 
businesses; and  
 
the Group's ability to make capital expenditure and other investments that it deems necessary or 
desirable. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Forward looking statements speak only as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and Ooredoo expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to publicly 
update or revise any forward looking statements in this Base Prospectus to reflect any change in Ooredoo's 
expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which these forward looking 
statements are based. Given the uncertainties of forward looking statements, Ooredoo cannot guarantee that 
projected results or events will be achieved and cautions potential investors not to rely on these statements.

--- Page 18 ---
- xiv - 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. The permission from the Bermuda Monetary Authority to issue Bearer Notes 
and the direction from the Bermuda Registrar of Companies that the Base Prospectus is exempt from the 
provisions of Part III and Section 35 of Part IV of the Companies Act do not extend to any supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or publication of a new prospectus. Specific permission and a new direction will need 
to be sought for each supplement to this Base Prospectus or publication of a new prospectus published in 
relation to the Programme. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) in the relevant subscription agreement (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time, and must 
be brought to an end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations 
and rules.

--- Page 19 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 34 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 35 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 47 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 86 
CAPITALISATION OF THE GROUP ...................................................................................................... 87 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................... 88 
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER ....................................... 90 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP ....... 91 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................................................... 94 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ....................................................................................... 116 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE .............................................................................................................. 147 
OVERVIEW OF QATAR ........................................................................................................................ 156 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. 161 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 165 
CERTAIN ERISA AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS ......................................................................... 177 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .......................... 179 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 192 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................ 195

--- Page 20 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, is completed by the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer, Ooredoo and any relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and, if appropriate, a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus or a new base prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.  
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited is an exempted company 
limited by shares and incorporated in Bermuda under the 
Companies Act on 8 May 2009 (with registered number 43194), 
having its registered office at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria 
Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda, telephone number +1 441 294 
8000. 
 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity which has been established to 
raise capital by the issue of Notes. See "Business Description of the 
Issuer". 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 
549300BHXCDJ03WU7N77. 
Guarantor: 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is a Qatari shareholding company incorporated 
with registration number 21183 under Qatari Law No. 21 of 1998, 
having its registered office at 100 West Bay, P.O. Box 217, Doha, 
Qatar, telephone number +974 4440 4779. 
 
Ooredoo's primary business activity centres around the operation of 
mobile 
telecommunications 
networks 
and 
other 
telecommunications services directly and through various 
consolidated subsidiaries in 10 markets in the Middle East, Asia 
Pacific and North Africa. See "Business Description of the Group". 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 
549300D3EIDZJB62TR20. 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. 
 
The Issuer and Ooredoo may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There are 
also certain factors that may affect Ooredoo's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Guarantee. 
 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These include certain risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Series of Notes and certain market risks.

--- Page 21 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
 
See "Risk Factors". 
Arrangers: 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, DBS 
Bank Ltd., Mizuho International plc, QNB Capital LLC and 
Standard Chartered Bank. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, DBS 
Bank Ltd., Mizuho International plc, QNB Capital LLC and 
Standard Chartered Bank and any other Dealer(s) appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer and Ooredoo in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time, including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained 
in Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent in 
Specified Currency (as defined in the Conditions). See 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions - 
Selling Restrictions - United Kingdom". 
 
Bearer Notes 
 
Notes in bearer form are subject to certain restrictions on transfer. 
See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions - 
Transfer Restrictions". 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Non-U.S. Registrar, Paying 
Agent and Transfer Agent for 
the Registered Notes (other 
than Restricted Notes): 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
U.S. Registrar, Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent for the 
Restricted Notes: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch. 
Exchange Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The 
Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each

--- Page 22 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Tranche will be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a 
Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in "Form of the Notes". 
 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and 
vice versa. 
 
Notes offered in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons will only be issued in registered form. Notes sold 
to Institutional Accredited Investors will be represented by 
definitive Notes in certificated form. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions or any restrictions imposed by the depositary 
from time to time, any currency agreed between the Issuer, Ooredoo 
and the relevant Dealer(s). Payments in respect of Notes may, 
subject to such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any 
currency or currencies other than the currency in which such Notes 
are denominated. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms subject to compliance with 
then-current laws and regulations and the provisions of the 
following sentence. Notes will have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), save that in case of 
any Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), unless otherwise 
permitted by then current law and regulations. 
 
The minimum denomination of each: (i) Note which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A will be U.S.$200,000 or 
its approximate equivalent in other Specified Currencies; or (ii) 
Definitive IAI Registered Note will be U.S.$500,000 or its 
approximate equivalent in other Specified Currencies. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid or a partly paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The price and amount of 
Notes to be issued will be determined by the Issuer, Ooredoo and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than

--- Page 23 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
 
See Condition 3 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantee). 
Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Ooredoo. 
 
The obligations of Ooredoo under its guarantee in respect of the 
Notes will be direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of Ooredoo 
and will rank pari passu and (save for certain obligations required 
to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of Ooredoo from time 
to time outstanding. 
 
See Condition 3 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantee). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes in bearer form will only be payable outside the United States 
and its possessions, subject to Condition 6(e) (Payments - General 
provisions applicable to payments). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in 
bearer form will only be payable outside the United States and its 
possessions, subject to Condition 6(e) (Payments - General 
provisions applicable to payments). 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor determines a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to select and 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 5. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 24 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption or 
redemption by instalments, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent., of their nominal amount. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See "—Certain 
Restrictions: Notes having a maturity of less than one year". 
Change of Control: 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Noteholder will have the right to require the 
redemption of its Notes upon a Change of Control Event. See 
Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating (and the credit rating agency issuing 
such rating) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities. Ratings may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation and 
each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and for such Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchange and/or markets. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Relevant 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), unless otherwise 
required by applicable law. In the event that any such deduction is 
made, the Issuer or, as the case may be, Ooredoo will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts as would have been paid had no 
such deduction or withholding been required. 
ERISA: 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, by its 
purchase of any Notes each original or subsequent purchaser or 
transferee of a Note will be deemed to have represented and agreed 
either that: (i) it is not and for so long as it holds a Note (or any 
interest therein) will not be a Plan, an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of any such Plan, or a governmental or other

--- Page 25 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
employee benefit plan which is subject to any U.S. federal, state, 
local or non-U.S. law, that is substantially similar to the provisions 
of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; or (ii) its 
purchase, holding and disposition of a Note will not constitute or 
result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of such a governmental or 
other employee benefit plan, a violation of any such substantially 
similar U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law) for which an 
exemption is not available. 
 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Bermuda law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
Bermuda, the Dubai International Financial Centre, the European 
Economic Area, Japan, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre), Saudi Arabia, the United Arab 
Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the 
United Kingdom, the United States of America and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2, Rule 144A and Section 4(a)(2). TEFRA 
C, TEFRA D or TEFRA not applicable as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 26 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Prospective investors should 
consider carefully the risks and uncertainties associated with any investment in the Notes, the Group's 
business and the countries and markets in which it operates, together with all of the information that is 
included in this Base Prospectus, and should form their own view before making an investment decision 
with respect to any Notes. In particular, prospective investors should evaluate the risks and uncertainties 
referred to or described below, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects. Should one or more of the following events or circumstances 
occur at the same time or separately, the value of the Notes could decline and an investor might lose part 
or all of its investment. Although the risks and uncertainties described below are those that the Group 
currently considers to be material, they are not the only ones the Group faces. Additional risks and 
uncertainties that are not presently known to the Group or that the Group currently deems immaterial may 
also materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects. Prospective investors should carefully consider whether an investment in the Notes is suitable 
for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Risks Relating to the Group 
The sectors in which the Group competes are subject to rapid and significant changes in technology, and 
if the Group does not continue to provide telecommunications or related services that are useful and 
attractive to customers, it may not remain competitive, and its revenues, results of operations and 
prospects may be adversely affected 
The Group operates in the fixed and mobile telephony, fixed and mobile broadband internet, TV, digital 
services and business information and communication technology markets, which are characterised by 
rapid and significant changes in technology, customer demand and behaviour, and as a result feature a 
constantly evolving competitive environment. The telecommunications industry is experiencing continuous 
structural changes, including with the advent of new revenue models and new technologies introduced by 
the Group's competitors and new market entrants. These structural changes may exert substantial pricing 
pressure on or substantially reduce the use of certain of the Group's products and services, and may increase 
the Group's subscriber acquisition and retention costs and decrease revenues. 
The Group's commercial success depends on providing telecommunications services that offer the Group's 
customers value for their money. If the Group is unable to anticipate customer preferences or industry 
changes (including the advent of new or alternative technologies), or if it is unable to modify its services 
on a timely basis, it may lose customers. The Group's operating results would also suffer if its new products 
and services are not meeting the needs of its customers, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity 
or are not effectively brought to market. Many of the services which the Group offers are technology-
intensive, and the development or acceptance of new technologies may render such services non-
competitive, replace such services or reduce prices for such services. In addition, as convergence of services 
accelerates, the Group has made and will have to continue to make additional investments in new 
technologies to remain competitive. The new technologies which the Group chooses may not prove to be 
commercially successful. For example, WiMax based data communication technology proved to be less 
popular than other data communications technologies such as LTE, and as a result, in 2016 the Group 
disposed of its ownership interest in operating subsidiaries focused on WiMax technology. In addition, the 
Group may not receive, in a timely manner or at all, the necessary licences or spectrum necessary to provide 
services based on new technologies. For example, in view of the increasing importance of data services to 
the revenue mix of the Group and the anticipated importance of 5G technology in the coming years, a 
failure to obtain any necessary licences or the relevant spectrum range as and when such licences or 
spectrum ranges become available in markets such as Iraq and Indonesia (which do not currently operate 
on 5G networks) could disadvantage the Group relative to its competitors. 
As a consequence of these or other developments, new and established information and telecommunications 
technologies or products offered by the Group may not only fail to complement each other, but in some 
cases may even substitute or decrease demand for each other. The Group is also investing in new 
technologies, such as fibre to the premises ("FTTP") and 5G, that may have slower than expected customer 
acceptance, or may be limited by the lack of supply of products and services by third parties to enable the 
Group's customers to take advantage of such new technology. If the Group is unable to effectively 
anticipate, react to or access technological changes in the telecommunications market, the Group could lose 
customers, fail to attract new customers, experience lower average revenue per user ("ARPU") or incur

--- Page 27 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
substantial or unanticipated costs and investments in order to maintain its customer base, all of which could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the 
introduction of new products and services may not be successful and/or timely. This could lead to lower 
profitability as well as lower market shares. Customer churn may increase, and revenues and margins could 
be significantly lower than expected if the Group fails to offer customer propositions that respond to 
customer demand. 
As telecommunications technology continues to develop, the Group's competitors may be able to offer 
telecommunications products and services that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar or better 
than those offered by the Group. Given the trend of increasing dependence on revenue from data in the 
global telecommunications industry, the Group's success depends on its ability to offer data-related 
products and services that meet the needs of its customers on a competitive basis. Failure to effectively 
compete in this rapidly changing environment could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may face increased competition from new entrants or established telecommunications 
operators in the markets in which it operates 
The Group faces intensifying competition both from relatively new entrants to the telecommunications 
markets in which the Group operates and from existing competitors. For example, in March 2009, the 
Supreme Council of Information and Communication Technology (the "ictQATAR"), which has since 
been replaced by the Communications Regulatory Authority (the "CRA"), ended the Group's monopoly in 
Qatar to provide domestic and international fixed line and mobile telecommunications services throughout 
Qatar on an exclusive basis and Vodafone Qatar Q.S.C. ("Vodafone Qatar") was issued with licences to 
offer similar services in Qatar. The market share that Vodafone Qatar gained from the Group in the years 
following its launch negatively impacted upon the Group's revenue and ARPU in Qatar in those years. In 
December 2008, the Saudi Telecom Company ("STC") began commercial operations in Kuwait under its 
brand "Viva" (although it was rebranded from "Viva" to "stc" in December 2019). In October 2015, the 
Communications and Media Commission in Iraq announced its intention to introduce a fourth mobile 
operator in Iraq (although no bidding date for the licence has been set); in June 2018, a Viettel-backed 
consortium launched a fourth mobile telecommunications provider in Myanmar under the Mytel brand; and 
in September 2019, Vodafone and Oman Future Telecommunications announced a strategic partnership to 
launch a third full service telecommunications provider in Oman, which is currently expected to occur in 
2021. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—
Market Share"), as at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group estimated that it held market share of 64 
per cent., 21 per cent., 38 per cent. and 36 per cent. in the telecommunications markets in Qatar, Indonesia, 
Iraq and Kuwait, respectively, by number of customers. 
As the availability and speed of broadband internet increases, the Group also faces competition from over-
the-top communications and video content providers ("OTT providers") utilising the Group's or its 
competitors' high-speed internet connections. These OTT providers drive down demand for the Group's 
voice and/or video content services and are not generally subject to regulatory oversight or compliance 
costs. Data revenue made up more than 50 per cent. of the Group's revenue in the year ended 31 December 
2020, and it overtook voice revenue in terms of the Group's revenue mix in 2018. This is particularly the 
case in more developed markets where 4G and 5G has already been launched, such as Qatar, Kuwait, Oman 
and Maldives. There is no assurance that the Group can compete effectively with these OTT providers or 
that the Group can successfully monetise the increase in data revenue generated by the data traffic 
connected to these OTT services to offset the corresponding reduction in voice and/or video content 
revenue. In particular, technologies such as voice-over-Internet Protocol ("VoIP") (over fixed and mobile 
technologies), mobile instant messaging, Wi-Fi, Internet Protocol TV ("IPTV") or Cloud computing for 
retail and/or business customers have had and are expected to have a continued effect across the entire 
telecommunications industry and on the Group's business. 
In addition, in certain of the Group's markets where the competitive focus continues to shift from customer 
acquisition to customer retention as a result of increased penetration of the mobile telecommunications 
market (such as Kuwait and Qatar), there can be no assurance that the Group will not experience decreases 
in ARPU or increases in customer churn rates, reflecting increased numbers of customer deactivations, 
particularly as competition for existing customers intensifies. An increase in churn rates may result in lower 
revenue and higher costs resulting from the need to replace customers and may consequently have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's profitability.

--- Page 28 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Increasing competition has led to a reduction in the rate at which the Group adds new customers and may 
lead to a decrease in the Group's market share as customers purchase telecommunications services, or other 
competing services, from other providers. In certain markets, it has also led to a decline in the prices the 
Group is able to charge for its services and may lead to further price declines in the future. For example, 
the Group has witnessed competition leading to significant price decreases in Kuwait, Algeria and 
Myanmar in the period between 2017 to 2020 for both voice and data services. 
Competition from recent or new entrants in any of the markets in which the Group operates may further 
increase existing competitive pressures and result in an overall reduction in the Group's tariffs or cause the 
Group to lose customers, fail to attract new customers or incur additional costs to maintain its customer 
base or to maintain revenues from such customer base, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The business of the Group may be affected by adverse economic and political conditions, including the 
impact of and reaction to COVID-19, in the countries where the Group carries out its activities and 
globally 
Economic conditions can have a material adverse effect on the quality and growth of the Group's customer 
base and service offerings. An economic downturn in the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") and 
Asia Pacific regions where the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
In December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 began in mainland China and has since spread through 
various countries, negatively affecting global and regional conditions. In March 2020, the World Health 
Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a 
series of measures implemented by governments around the world aimed at mitigating the further spread 
of the virus. These measures include restrictions on travel, closure of national borders, imposition of 
quarantines, prolonged closures of workplaces and curfews and/or other social distancing measures. The 
extent of the impact on the Group is dependent on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the 
length and extent of lockdowns in the Group's markets, levels of employee absence, virus recurrence, 
insolvency rates, unemployment levels, the nature and extent of any government interventions (such as a 
limited imposition by local regulators of mandatory free telecommunications usage for specified population 
segments in several of the Group's markets (including Qatar and Kuwait) for a short period of time at the 
start of the COVID-19 lockdowns), the severity of the economic effects and the speed and nature of the 
recovery. The collective effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated economic downturn could 
adversely impact the Group's cash position and its ability to fund investment projects and ongoing 
operations, as well as exacerbating the adverse effects of other risks to its business. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the Group's sales activity and demand, including a 
reduction in handset sales and reduced revenue from roaming, which has been partially offset by reduced 
customer churn and an increasing use of connectivity products. Disruption to the Group's ability to deliver 
products and services to customers in the event of supply shortages and/or widespread loss of key employee 
resources could adversely impact the Group's customer volumes and experience. The COVID-19 pandemic 
may also require the Group to make operational changes and implement measures to ensure the health and 
safety of its employees and counterparties, which may involve increased costs or operational inefficiencies. 
In addition, the uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase the Group's credit risks and 
levels of bad debt. These factors impacted the Group's results, and contributed to the decrease of 3.5 per 
cent. and 5.6 per cent. in revenue and Adjusted EBITDA, respectively, in the year ended 31 December 2020 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2019. The Group is not currently able to estimate or fully quantify 
the negative effects that the COVID-19 pandemic might have on its business, financial condition and results 
of operations.  
In the past decade, financial markets have experienced a period of unprecedented turmoil and upheaval 
characterised by extreme volatility and declines in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit 
availability, inability to access capital markets, the bankruptcy, failure, collapse or sale of various financial 
institutions and an unprecedented level of intervention from governments. In recent years, capital flight 
from emerging markets and falling prices in the energy sector have led to tighter financial conditions in a 
number of countries, including some countries in the MENA region where the Group operates. Current 
global economic conditions, which have had an effect on credit conditions, and any further fall in oil or gas 
prices, may cause an economic slowdown or contraction in many countries in which the Group operates. 
Current high rates of inflation and high unemployment levels caused by the COVID-19 pandemic disruption

--- Page 29 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
in some of the countries in which the Group operates may also cause consumer purchasing power to 
decrease, which may reduce consumer demand for the Group's services. Additionally, any decrease in the 
population growth or gross domestic product ("GDP") or the departure of large numbers of expatriate 
workers in the markets in which the Group operates may adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of emerging markets (for example, as in post-war 
Iraq) as well as in the financial systems of mature markets may cause increased volatility in the financial 
markets in the countries and regions in which the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, ability to make international and domestic payments, financial conditions and results 
of operations as well as a slowdown in economic growth or economic contraction in those countries and 
regions. 
The economic, social and financial impacts resulting from COVID-19, or other disruptions, could further 
exacerbate or cause any of these risks to materialise and such risks could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's business is subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could materially 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition or results of operations 
The Group has operations across the MENA and Asia Pacific regions, and the revenues received by Group 
companies are typically denominated in the local currency of the countries in which the relevant company 
operates. Since capital expenditure and borrowings are often denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Group has 
been, and expects to continue to be, exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which could materially 
affect the Group's results of operations. In order to reduce its foreign exchange exposure, Group companies 
seek to borrow funds in local currency and have been successful in replacing most U.S. Dollar financing 
with local currency financing at the subsidiary level, although in some countries in which the Group 
operates, such as Iraq and Myanmar, local currency denominated facilities are not easily available, or are 
not available on acceptable terms or volumes, and debt at the Group level remains primarily denominated 
in U.S. Dollars. The Group uses foreign currency hedging contracts if it deems it appropriate and 
commercially viable, although foreign currency hedging contracts may only partially protect its results of 
operations, assets and liabilities from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. In addition, appropriate 
currency hedging contracts are either unavailable or restricted in certain jurisdictions such as Algeria, 
Tunisia, Myanmar and Iraq. 
The Group presents its consolidated financial statements in Qatari Riyals, which as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus is pegged to the U.S. Dollar. Since the Group presents its consolidated financial statements in 
Qatari Riyals, it is also exposed to risks related to the translation of assets and liabilities denominated in 
other currencies, particularly given that all of the Group's operations outside Qatar use their respective local 
currencies in preparing their financial reports. In addition, although the Qatari Riyal was pegged to the U.S. 
Dollar as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Qatar may, in the future, choose to remove or alter the peg 
causing the U.S. Dollar denominated value of the Group's assets and liabilities to fluctuate. As a result, the 
Group is exposed to risks related to the translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
and currency fluctuations could have an impact on its statement of financial position. Movements in the 
value of the Qatari Riyal against other currencies may accordingly materially adversely affect the Group's 
financial condition and results of operations. Fluctuations in exchange rates could also significantly impact 
the comparability of the Group's operating results between financial periods. For example, on 20 December 
2020, the Central Bank of Iraq ("CBI") announced that it had reset the official USD/IQD exchange rate to 
IQD 1,450 per U.S. Dollar for CBI purchases from the Iraqi Finance Ministry, IQD 1,460 per U.S. Dollar 
for sales from the CBI to banks, and IQD 1,470 per U.S. Dollar for sales of U.S. Dollars to the public. This 
resulted in a devaluation of approximately 15 per cent. in the value of the IQD against the U.S. Dollar, 
which in turn resulted in a negative impact on the Group's foreign currency gain (recorded under other 
income - net in the Group's profit and loss statement) for the year ended 31 December 2020, which was 
lower than it would have been in the absence of this devaluation, and a QR526.4 million negative impact 
on the translation reserve in equity as at 31 December 2020 arising during the consolidation of Asiacell's 
financial statements into the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
There can be no assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 30 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
The Group is subject to the potential impacts of interest rate benchmark reforms 
A portion of the Group's borrowings bear interest at rates calculated by reference to benchmarks such as 
LIBOR. Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the 
EU on 29 June 2016 and applies from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It 
will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on 
certain "benchmarks": (A) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
the "benchmark"; (B) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; or (C) lead to 
the disappearance or obsolescence of the "benchmark" or cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently 
than in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise).  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, may impact the ability of the Group to use certain benchmarks in the 
future. In addition, adapting processes and systems to any of the abovementioned reforms or initiatives 
could be a time-consuming and costly task and could therefore have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Effective from 1 January 2020, the Group has implemented amendments to IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, 
IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments 
Disclosures relating to interest rate benchmark reforms. The amendments (referred as Phase I of IBOR 
transition project) address the hedge accounting requirements arising before IBOR and proposed a hedging 
relief for such hedges. 
At a Group level, the notional amount of IBOR-related interest rate swaps that have been designated in a 
hedging relation is U.S.$90.0 million (QR327.7 million) as at 31 December 2020. The Group is in 
discussion with its counterparties in relation to exposure to fair value hedges linked to IBOR maturing 
beyond 2021. Management continues to engage with various stakeholders to support an orderly transition 
and to mitigate the risks resulting from the transition. 
However, should the Group's implementation of requirements prove ineffective, there is an increased risk 
of non-compliance which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. See "Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes — 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the market value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"" for the impact these changes and reforms could have on any Notes. 
Antitrust and competition laws in the countries in which the Group operates may limit its growth and 
subject it to regulatory approvals, including pricing and tariff approval, and antitrust and other 
investigations or legal proceedings 
The antitrust and competition laws and related regulatory policies in many of the countries in which the 
Group operates generally favour increased competition in the telecommunications industry and may 
prohibit the Group from making further acquisitions or continuing to engage in particular practices to the 
extent that it holds a significant market share in such countries. In addition, violations of such laws and 
policies could expose the Group to civil lawsuits or criminal prosecution, including fines and imprisonment, 
and to the payment of punitive damages. For example, in October 2011, the CRA issued a designation of 
Ooredoo as a dominant service provider in all 14 relevant retail and wholesale telecommunications markets 
in Qatar, following the CRA's Market Definition and Dominance Designation Review in 2010 (the "MDDD

--- Page 31 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Review"). The designation as a dominant service provider triggers a range of legal obligations, such as the 
requirement to obtain pricing and tariff approval from the CRA and the prohibition of any activities 
constituting an abuse of dominant position, such as price discrimination, bundling and tying, cross-
subsidisation and refusal to supply. Although the CRA in 2016 lifted the designation of Ooredoo as a 
dominant service in the retail mobile market following a subsequent MDDD review, it remains a dominant 
service provider in most of the other relevant Qatari telecommunications markets. In addition, based on the 
Oman Telecommunications Regulatory Authority's Decision No. 74 of 2013, Ooredoo Oman was 
designated as a dominant operator in nine out of the 20 defined telecommunications markets in Oman, 
although this is also currently under review by the local regulator.  
The Group cannot predict the effect that any designations, lawsuits, appeals, investigations or other actions 
by regulatory bodies or by any third party in any of the countries in which it operates will have on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, any requirements, fines or 
other penalties on the Group, imposed by the relevant antitrust or competition authority or 
telecommunications regulatory authority as a result of any such designation, lawsuit, appeal, investigation, 
or any prohibition on the Group engaging in certain types of business in one or more of the regions in which 
it operates, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Telecommunications businesses require substantial capital investment and the Group may not have 
sufficient capital to make, or may be restricted by covenants in its financing agreements from making, 
future capital expenditure and other investments as the Group deems necessary or desirable 
The Group operates in capital-intensive industries that require substantial amounts of capital and other long-
term expenditures, including those relating to the development and acquisition of new networks and the 
expansion or improvement of existing networks. In the past, the Group has financed these expenditures 
through a variety of means, including internally generated cash flows, external borrowings (including 
banking and capital markets transactions) and equity capital contributions. In the future, the Group expects 
to utilise a combination of these sources to manage its financial position and meet its financing 
requirements. There can be no assurance that such sources of capital will be available to the Group on 
acceptable terms, if at all. The collective effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated economic 
downturn could adversely impact the Group's cash position and its ability to fund investment projects and 
ongoing operations (see "—The business of the Group may be affected by adverse economic and political 
conditions, including the impact of and reaction to COVID-19, in the countries where the Group carries 
out its activities and globally"). 
The Group's ability to arrange external financing, and the cost of such financing, depends on numerous 
factors, including the Group's future financial condition, general economic and capital markets conditions, 
interest rate levels, credit availability from banks or other lenders, investor confidence in the Group, 
applicable provisions of tax and securities laws and political environment in any relevant jurisdiction. There 
can be no assurance that the Group will be able to arrange any such external financing on commercially 
reasonable terms, if at all. 
In addition, covenants contained in the Group's current or future financing agreements may restrict the 
Group from undertaking capital expenditure and new acquisitions in amounts and at times that it deems 
necessary or desirable. If the Group undertakes further expansion then it may be more challenging for the 
Group to comply with these covenants. Furthermore, although the Group's capital expenditures are usually 
incurred up front, the income derived from these expenditures is typically spread over a period of time 
thereafter, which could further strain on these covenants – particularly covenants related to profitability and 
equity. If the Group is unable to generate or obtain funds sufficient to make, or is otherwise restricted from 
making, necessary or desirable capital expenditure and other investments, it may be unable to grow its 
business, which may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
A failure in the continuing operations of the Group's networks, gateways to its networks, information 
systems, information technology and infrastructure or the networks of other operators could adversely 
affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group's operations depend to a significant degree on the uninterrupted functioning of its networks. 
From time to time, customers of certain operating companies within the Group have experienced dropped 
calls or lower data speeds because of network capacity constraints, or other disruptions to the network. For

--- Page 32 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
example, in November 2020, Ooredoo Qatar experienced a disruption to its core network that resulted in 
data and connectivity problems for some of its customers for several days. Although the issue was resolved, 
Ooredoo Qatar provided a discount and other compensation to affected customers, which had an impact on 
its revenue for the quarter. The Group cannot be certain that its networks' performance can be improved or 
maintained at current levels. 
The Group relies to a certain extent on interconnection to the networks of other telecommunications 
operators to carry calls from its customers to the customers of fixed-line operators and other mobile 
operators, both within a given country and internationally. The Group's networks, its information systems, 
information technology and infrastructure and the networks of other operators with which its customers 
interconnect, are vulnerable to damage or interruptions in operation from a variety of sources including 
earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, cyber-security breaches, equipment failures, network software 
flaws, transmission cable disruptions or similar events. Although each operating company of the Group 
maintains its own disaster recovery systems in order to ensure the recovery and continuation of its 
technology infrastructure following potential disruptive events, the Group does not currently maintain a 
Group-wide global disaster recovery system. Any interruption of the Group's operations or of the provision 
of any services, whether from operational disruptions, natural disasters or otherwise, could damage the 
Group's ability to attract and retain customers, cause significant customer dissatisfaction and have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to the Group's third party indebtedness 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had QR29.5 billion (U.S.$8.1 billion) in outstanding loans and 
borrowings on a consolidated basis and had an additional QR4.5 billion (U.S.$1.2 billion) under its 
financing agreements available for drawdown. As at 31 December 2020, the Group's consolidated loans 
and borrowings included QR5.3 billion (U.S.$1.5 billion) in outstanding loans and borrowings of its 
subsidiaries, including term loan facilities and syndicated loans, of which 2.2 per cent. were secured by 
pledges of assets. The Group incurred net finance costs of QR1,895.6 million (U.S.$520.6 million) in the 
year ended 31 December 2020. 
The Group's third party indebtedness is subject to both fixed and floating interest rates. Although the Group 
may convert its floating rate indebtedness into fixed rates using interest rate swaps when it believes it 
appropriate and prudent to do so, it does not convert all of its floating rate indebtedness into fixed rates and 
cannot be certain what the interest rates on its remaining floating rate indebtedness will be in the future. A 
breach of the terms of any indebtedness, including financial covenants, could cause the Group's lenders to 
require the Group to repay the financing immediately, which could trigger cross defaults across the Group's 
other financing arrangements and lead to a significant financial and cash flow impact to the Group. 
Additionally, if the Group's operating cash flows were not sufficient to meet its operating expenses and its 
own debt service obligations or those of its subsidiaries, the Group may be forced to do one or more of the 
following: 
 
delay or reduce capital expenditure; 
 
sell certain of its assets; 
 
forego business opportunities, including acquisitions and joint ventures; or 
 
repay its debt early due to the acceleration of such debt by the respective lenders. 
In addition, the debt covenants in the Group's financing agreements, which include debt service cover ratios 
and other financial condition tests, could limit the Group's flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, 
competitive pressures and changes in its business, industry and general economic conditions and limit its 
ability to make strategic acquisitions and to take advantage of business opportunities. 
There can be no assurance that the Group's business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or 
that future borrowings will be available in an amount sufficient to enable the Group to repay or service its 
indebtedness or to fund its liquidity needs. If the Group is unable to meet its debt service obligations, it may 
attempt to restructure or refinance existing debt or seek additional funding. However, the Group may not 
be able to do so on satisfactory terms, if at all. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 33 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
Fluctuations in interest rates could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition 
or results of operations 
The Group is subject to interest rate risks on its loans and borrowings. Interest rates applicable to the Group's 
financing are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including the global interest rate 
and currency exchange rate environment, local and global economic situation, monetary policies of the 
governments and central banks in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates (including Iraq and 
Myanmar). In addition, the floating rate portion of the Group's loans and borrowings is subject to interest 
rate risk resulting from fluctuations in the relevant reference rates underlying such debt, and any increase 
in such reference rates will result in an increase in the Group's interest rate expense and may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results of operations. For example, as at 31 December 
2020, 32.6 per cent. of the Group's loans and borrowings, mainly comprising borrowings denominated in 
U.S. Dollars and Indonesian Rupiah, carried interest at floating rates. A hypothetical 25 basis point increase 
in interest rates on the floating rate portion of the Group's loans and borrowings would result in a decrease 
in the Group's consolidated statement of profit and loss of QR23.8 million (U.S.$6.5 million) per year.  
There can be no assurance that, upon the expiration of the Group's current interest rate hedging 
arrangements, the Group will be able to enter into similar hedging transactions in the future on 
commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or that these agreements will protect it fully against its interest rate 
risk in the future. For example, there can be no assurance that the counterparties to such arrangements will 
perform their obligations. In addition, there is also no assurance that at maturity, the Group's fixed rate 
borrowings will be refinanced at a fixed rate. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk—
Interest Rate Risk". An increase in interest rate levels, or a significant increase in the proportion of floating 
rate debt in the Group's debt portfolio, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The State of Qatar exerts significant control over Ooredoo and its interests may conflict with those of 
Noteholders and/or of Ooredoo itself 
The State of Qatar (the "State") is Ooredoo's most significant shareholder, holding, through its wholly-
owned subsidiary Qatar Holding LLC (an entity established by the Qatar Investment Authority) ("Qatar 
Holding"), 51.7 per cent. of Ooredoo's outstanding voting shares as at 31 December 2020. In addition, 
Ooredoo's Articles of Association give Qatar Holding the exclusive right to appoint, replace and remove 
five of the 10 members of Ooredoo's Board of Directors (the "Board"), including the Chairman of the 
Board. In the event of a tied vote, the Chairman has the right to cast the deciding vote. 
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2020, a variety of Qatari government related entities, including the General 
Retirement and Social Insurance Authority and the General Military Retirement and Social Insurance 
Authority, owned an additional 16.9 per cent. of Ooredoo's outstanding voting shares, thereby increasing 
the direct and indirect influence of the State over Ooredoo's operations. The State, by virtue of Qatar 
Holding's majority share ownership, is able to exercise control over, amongst other things: 
 
election of Ooredoo's Directors and, in turn, selection of Ooredoo's management; 
 
Ooredoo's business policies and strategies; 
 
budget approval, including personnel costs; 
 
the issuance of debt or equity securities; 
 
mergers, acquisitions and disposals of Ooredoo's assets or businesses; and 
 
amendments to Ooredoo's charter documents. 
There can be no assurance that the resolution of any matter that may involve the interests of the State will 
be resolved in what Noteholders would consider to be their best interests. See "Corporate 
GovernanceSupervisory Governance of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.".

--- Page 34 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
Ooredoo's financial obligations are not guaranteed by the State 
Although the State is a majority shareholder of Ooredoo (see "—The State of Qatar exerts significant 
control over Ooredoo and its interests may conflict with those of Noteholders and/or of Ooredoo itself"), 
Ooredoo is an independent commercial enterprise and, in the absence of an explicit guarantee from the 
State in respect of any of its borrowings, none of its financial obligations (including its obligations under 
the Notes) or those of its subsidiaries, affiliates or joint ventures are guaranteed by the State. Accordingly, 
Ooredoo's financial obligations, including its obligations under the Notes, are not and should not be 
regarded as obligations of the State. Ooredoo's ability to meet its financial obligations under the Notes is 
solely dependent on Ooredoo's ability to fund such amounts from its profits and cash flows, or from other, 
non-Qatari government, sources of financing. Therefore, any decline in Ooredoo's operations, its profits or 
cash flows, or any difficulty in securing external funding, may have a material adverse effect on Ooredoo's 
ability to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders irrespective of its level of ownership by the State. 
A downgrade in the credit ratings of Ooredoo or any of its subsidiaries could limit their ability to 
negotiate new loan facilities or access the debt capital markets and may increase their borrowing costs 
and/or adversely affect their relationship with creditors 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations as 
they mature, are an important factor in determining Ooredoo's cost of borrowing funds. The interest rates 
of the Group's borrowings are partly dependent on its credit ratings. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. has a long-term local and foreign currency rating of A- by Fitch, a long-term local and 
foreign currency rating of A- and a short-term local and foreign currency rating of A- by S&P and long-
term local and foreign currency rating of A2 by Moody's. A downgrade of Ooredoo's credit ratings, or being 
placed on a negative ratings watch, may increase its cost of borrowing and materially adversely affect its 
results of operations. A downgrade of Ooredoo's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings 
watch) may also limit its or its subsidiaries' ability to raise capital. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes 
in Ooredoo's credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Notes (if applicable) generally may affect the market 
value of the Notes. 
Indosat Ooredoo, which for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020, contributed 24.2 per cent. (before 
intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue and as at 31 December 2020 was the primary 
obligor on 14.2 per cent. of the Group's total loans and borrowings, has, at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
a local currency rating of idAAA from PT Pemeringkat Efek Indonesia (Pefindo). A downgrade of Indosat 
Ooredoo's credit rating, or being placed on a negative ratings watch, may increase its cost of borrowing and 
could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations which, in turn, 
could have a materially adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Ratings may be subject to revision 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation and each rating should be evaluated 
independently of any other rating. In addition, ratings assigned to the Notes (if applicable) may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction, the market or any additional factors discussed in 
this Base Prospectus and other factors may affect the value of the Notes.  
Declines in international crude oil prices and natural gas could materially and adversely affect oil-
revenue dependent economies 
Most of the Group's key markets, including Qatar, Iraq and Kuwait, are based on economies that are largely 
dependent on oil revenues. Since June 2014, international crude oil prices have declined dramatically 
(falling by over 80 per cent. from a high monthly average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel of oil 
of U.S.$107.89 in June 2014, to a monthly average price of U.S.$17.66 in April 2020 before rising to a 
monthly average price of U.S.$54.38 in January 2021). The prevailing low international prices for 
hydrocarbon products have had a significant adverse effect on the oil and natural gas revenue dependent 
Gulf Cooperation Council ("GCC") economies, resulting in reduced fiscal budgets and public spending 
plans, together with increased budgetary deficits and increased competition for funding across the GCC. 
There is no assurance that the government of one or more of these GCC countries, including Qatar, will not 
increase direct or indirect taxes or fees payable to the government, including Ooredoo's licensing fees, 
royalty payments or spectrum prices, to help offset budgetary deficits. Further, and in response to the 
ongoing fall in energy pricing, certain regional oil and natural gas producing countries that have 
traditionally "pegged" their domestic currencies to the U.S. Dollar have faced pressure to remove these

--- Page 35 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
foreign exchange "pegs". While the likelihood that GCC states may choose to unwind the U.S. dollar peg 
of their domestic currencies is unclear, there remains a risk that any such future de-pegging by the GCC 
states (in the event that the current challenging market conditions persist for a prolonged period) would 
pose a systemic risk to the regional banking systems by virtue of the inevitable devaluation of any such de-
pegged currency against the U.S. Dollar and adversely impact the macroeconomic conditions of such 
jurisdictions. As the Group has operations in a number of oil-revenue dependent economies where the local 
currency is directly pegged against the U.S. Dollar or a basket of currencies which includes the U.S. Dollar, 
any such de-pegging or devaluation of local currencies against the U.S. Dollar could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects, and on its ability to 
repay Notes, particularly those denominated in U.S. Dollars. 
Industrial action or adverse labour relations could disrupt the Group's business operations and have an 
adverse effect on operating results 
Certain of the Group's operations are currently and may in the future be subject to collective bargaining, 
union or similar labour agreements. In addition, the Group's employees benefit from local laws regarding 
employee rights and benefits. For example, the Group's operations in Indonesia and in Tunisia depend on 
employees who have established a union and signed a collective labour agreement with Indosat Ooredoo 
and Ooredoo Tunisia, respectively. In addition, the Group's Indonesian employees benefit from local laws 
regarding employee rights and benefits, and Indosat Ooredoo was the target of employee demonstrations 
in Indonesia in 2018 and 2020, although this did not have a significant impact on Indosat Ooredoo's business 
or operations. 
If the Group is unable to negotiate acceptable labour agreements or maintain satisfactory employee 
relations, the results could include work stoppages, strikes or other industrial action or labour difficulties 
(including higher labour costs) at its facilities, which individually or in the aggregate could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may be, from time to time, involved in disputes and litigation with regulators, competitors 
and other parties that could have a material adverse effect on its business 
The Group is subject to numerous risks relating to legal and regulatory proceedings, to which it or any of 
its subsidiaries are currently a party or which could develop in the future. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Group is involved in a number of legal and regulatory disputes (see "Business Description 
of the GroupLitigation"). The Group's involvement in litigation and regulatory proceedings may 
adversely affect its reputation. Furthermore, litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently 
unpredictable and unfavourable outcomes in legal or regulatory proceedings in which the Group is or comes 
to be involved (including settlements thereof) may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks Relating to Countries in which the Group Operates 
The Group operates in locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to its 
network, assets, employees and contractors 
Some of the Group's subsidiaries operate in high-risk locations, such as Algeria, Iraq, Palestine, Myanmar 
and Tunisia, where the country or location is suffering from political, social or economic instability, war or 
civil unrest. For example, from 2014 to 2017, the militant group Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (also known 
as "ISIS") had control over vast landlocked territory in Iraq, including control of approximately 900 out of 
Asiacell's approximately 5,800 cell sites in 2015, although those sites were subsequently recovered. In 
addition, on 27 June 2019, two suicide bombers detonated their explosives in two areas of Tunis, Tunisia, 
killing a police officer and wounding nine other people. In those locations where the Group has employees, 
assets or operations, the relevant Group subsidiaries may incur substantial costs to maintain the safety of 
their personnel and to protect their assets and network. Despite these precautions, the safety of the Group's 
personnel and assets in these locations may continue to be at risk.  
In addition, network maintenance and expansion projects in these areas could be delayed or cancelled due 
to the need for heightened security for employees and contractors operating in these areas and there is a 
risk that an attack in these or other locations by a malicious individual or group on the Group's networks 
could be successful. This could lead to a loss of confidential customer data or availability of critical systems. 
The Group's network is also susceptible to interruption due to a physical attack (which may result in part

--- Page 36 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
of the network being destroyed) and theft of its network components as the value and market for network 
components increases (for example, copper, batteries, generators and fuel). This could result in serious 
damage to the Group's reputation and consequential customer and revenue loss, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to the risks of political, social and economic instability associated with countries 
and regions in which it operates or may seek to operate 
Overview 
The Group conducts its business in a number of countries and regions with developing economies, many 
of which do not have firmly established legal and regulatory systems and some of which from time to time 
have experienced economic, social or political instability. For example, following its acquisition of Asiacell 
and the Wataniya Group in 2007 and Indosat Ooredoo in 2008, the Group operates in Iraq, Algeria, Tunisia 
and Indonesia, each of which has suffered from regional political instability and general social and civil 
unrest in recent years. In addition, Ooredoo also has operations in Myanmar, which was subject to a military 
coup in February 2021, which resulted in temporary suspensions of telephone and restricted internet access 
in the country, widespread civil unrest and the threat of international sanctions. Although it is not yet clear 
what effect this will have on the operations and financial results of Ooredoo's business in Myanmar, which 
contributed 4.0 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue in the year 
ended 31 December 2020, it could create significant risks for the Group's operations there.  
Exchange and fiscal controls are also in force in Iraq, Myanmar, Algeria and Tunisia which may delay, or 
make impossible in the short term, the expatriation of dividend and intercompany payables (including 
intercompany loan repayments) from the operating companies in those markets to Ooredoo. Some of these 
countries are also in the process of transitioning to a market economy and, as a result, are experiencing 
changes in their economic and government policies that can affect the Group's investments in these 
countries. Governments in these jurisdictions and countries, as well as in more developed jurisdictions and 
countries, may be influenced by political or commercial considerations outside of the Group's control, and 
may act arbitrarily, selectively or unlawfully, including in a manner that benefits the Group's competitors. 
For example, increased financial pressures on governments may lead them to target foreign investors for 
further licence fees (see "—Regulatory uncertainties in Iraq"). 
Specific country risks that may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results 
of operations include, amongst other things: 
 
political instability, riots or other forms of civil disturbance or violence; 
 
war, terrorism, invasion, rebellion or revolution; 
 
government interventions, including expropriation or nationalisation of assets, increased 
protectionism and the introduction of or increases/decreases in tariffs or subsidies; 
 
changing fiscal, regulatory and tax regimes; 
 
arbitrary or inconsistent government action, including capricious application of laws and selective 
tax audits; 
 
difficulties and delays in obtaining requisite governmental licences, permits or approvals; 
 
fiscal or exchange control which restrict the transfer of funds onshore or offshore; 
 
difficulties with conversion of local currency into foreign currency including the unavailability of 
U.S. Dollars in the local economy; 
 
unstable or underdeveloped banking system, including counterparty risk vis-à-vis local banks that 
may be undercapitalised (Asiacell and its holding companies each have deposits with local banks, 
for example, as do Ooredoo Algeria and Ooredoo Maldives).  Furthermore, in an underdeveloped 
banking market, such as Iraq where Asiacell operates, the banking system may shut down from 
time to time or temporarily halt accepting cash deposits from Asiacell's collections, thereby 
increasing cash handling and holding risks for Asiacell;

--- Page 37 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
 
cancellation, nullification or unenforceability of contractual rights; and 
 
underdeveloped industrial and economic infrastructure. 
Changes in government policies or shifts in the prevailing political climate in any of the countries in which 
the Group operates, or seeks to operate, could result in the introduction of increased government regulations 
with respect to, among other things: 
 
price controls; 
 
export and import controls; 
 
income and other taxes; 
 
environmental legislation; 
 
customs and immigration; 
 
foreign ownership restrictions; 
 
coverage and service quality obligation of telecommunication providers that may not be supported 
by the customer or revenue proposition of the market; 
 
foreign exchange, currency and capital controls; and 
 
labour and welfare benefit policies. 
Political climate 
The Group is based in, and in the year ended 31 December 2020, generated 24.5 per cent. of its revenue  
from its operations in Qatar (before intragroup eliminations).  Historically, Qatar has had good relations 
with other members of the GCC and the wider Middle East and North Africa region in general. However, 
on 5 June 2017, Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the UAE (among other countries) took steps to cut trade, 
transport and diplomatic ties with Qatar. The measures adopted included a sudden and unprecedented 
closure of sea and air routes with Qatar and a closure of the land border between Qatar and Saudi Arabia 
(Qatar's only land border), which created logistical challenges for Qatar. The blockade disrupted historical 
trade routes that Qatar has depended on for the import of key consumer goods, food staples and industrial 
materials. As part of the blockade, Qatari officials and diplomats were also expelled from the blockading 
countries. However, on 5 January 2021, all of the countries involved signed the Al-Ula Declaration in Saudi 
Arabia in an agreement to restore full diplomatic relations with each other. Although the specific content 
and details of the Al-Ula Declaration have not been, and are not expected to be, published, it is understood 
that measures previously adopted by Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the UAE against Qatar will be 
revoked. It is uncertain how long it will take for trade, transport and diplomatic ties to fully return to their 
pre-blockade status. See "Overview of Qatar—Country Profile". 
In addition, the MENA and Asia Pacific regions in which the Group operates have all experienced varying 
degrees of political instability over the past fifty years. Future armed conflicts or political instability in 
those regions could impact the Group's operations. The wider MENA region in particular is subject to a 
number of geopolitical and security risks and ongoing unrest. Beginning in the first half of 2011, a number 
of countries in the MENA region, including Tunisia, Egypt, Libya, Bahrain, Kuwait, Lebanon, Yemen and 
Syria, witnessed serious unrest, in some instances leading to civil war, armed conflict (including the 
multinational conflict with ISIS), foreign military intervention and a change of government. These 
situations have caused significant disruption to the economies of the affected countries (affecting tourisms 
and businesses) and have had a destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, civil war is ongoing in Syria, giving rise to a risk of contagion, given 
historic social and political connections between Syria and its neighbours. The Syrian government has 
recently been subjected to heightened international diplomatic pressure in relation to its conduct during the 
civil war. The situation in Syria is fluid and the potential exists for it to further deteriorate. 
Furthermore, following the overthrow of the former Iraqi regime in 2003, Iraq was, and continues to be, 
subject to serious political and security concerns. Geopolitical instability and a poor security environment

--- Page 38 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
have historically been among the key risks associated with doing business in Iraq or investing in a company 
that is based or does substantial business in Iraq (see "—The Group operates in locations where there are 
high security risks, which could result in harm to its network, assets, employees and contractors"). As the 
security situation in Iraq has generally remained volatile over recent years, significant risks remain which 
could have a material adverse effect on Asiacell's business, results of operations and financial condition, as 
well as on Asiacell's network infrastructure in affected areas, which could, in turn, have a material and 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
As the political, economic and social environments in certain countries in which the Group has made, or 
may consider making, investments remain subject to continuing development, investments in such countries 
are characterised by a significant degree of uncertainty. Any unexpected changes in the political, social, 
economic or other conditions in such countries, or in countries that neighbour such countries, could have a 
material adverse effect on the investments that the Group has made or may make in the future, which in 
turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
Regulatory uncertainties in Iraq 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue from Asiacell, the Group's operating company in Iraq, 
accounted for 13.9 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue. Iraq has 
experienced considerable upheaval in the past few years and is in the process of clarifying the roles and 
developing the capacity of government and regulatory institutions. There is significant uncertainty with 
respect to the legal and regulatory environment in which Asiacell operates, see further "Business 
Description of the Group—Principal Operations—Iraq—Regulation". There is ongoing dispute between 
the Communications and Media Commission in Iraq (the "CMC") and Asiacell on several matters relating 
to payment by Asiacell of the relevant regulatory fee and frequency spectrum fee, see further "Description 
of the Business of the Group—Litigation". In particular, there is ongoing dispute as to whether the level of 
the Group's ownership interest in Asiacell is in contravention of the licence issued to Asiacell by the CMC. 
In August 2007, the Group acquired a 30.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Asiacell, an Iraqi mobile 
telecommunications provider, and has since increased its economic interest up to 53.9 per cent. in June 
2012, and then to 64.1 per cent. in February 2013, following Asiacell's initial public offering.  In June 2014, 
the CMC asserted that Asiacell had exceeded the foreign ownership requirement of its licence and requested 
Asiacell to pay the licence fee applicable to foreign companies, at a rate of 18 per cent. of its gross revenue 
(as opposed to the 15 per cent. licence fee rate which applies to domestic companies). Asiacell appealed 
the CMC's decision to the Appeal Board and subsequently to the Iraqi courts on the basis that Asiacell 
should not be considered a foreign company because its majority shareholders are Iraqi.  The dispute 
progressed from the court of first instance to the Kurdistan Court of Cassation, which finally ruled in favour 
of Asiacell and concluded that the CMC is not entitled to apply the 18 per cent. licence fee rate to Asiacell 
as it is a domestic company with Iraqis owning more than 83 per cent. of its shares, a decision that was 
confirmed on appeal.  If, however, the CMC does not comply with the decision of the Kurdistan Court of 
Cassation, as it has suggested it might not, Asiacell may have to pay the additional 3 per cent. in the licence 
fee rate or Ooredoo may be required to reduce its indirect ownership in Asiacell to 55 per cent. in order to 
meet the technical terms of its licence.  While the additional 3 per cent. licence fee payment has been 
provisioned in the Group's financial statements, if Ooredoo is required to reduce its economic ownership 
interest in Asiacell to 55 per cent., this could adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The security conditions in Iraq in recent years also had an impact on Asiacell's ability to comply with certain 
of its licence obligations related to, for instance, quality of service, lawful interception, technical and 
environmental site approvals (as Asiacell was prevented from freely accessing its network in certain regions 
in Iraq). See further "—The Group operates in locations where there are high security risks, which could 
result in harm to its network, assets, employees and contractors". Asiacell is currently in discussion with 
the CMC on these issues relating to its licence obligations to ensure that it will not be subject to any fines 
or penalties for such instances of involuntary non-compliance. 
The security situation in Iraq destabilised the banking system, which affects Asiacell's ability to access the 
cash in certain Iraqi banks and/or transfer it outside of Iraq. In view of the volatility affecting Iraq's banking 
system and the counterparty risk that Asiacell is exposed to in respect of its bank deposits with local banks, 
Asiacell reached an agreement with a local bank with which it has deposits whereupon Asiacell received 
transfer of title to parcels of lands and buildings located in Baghdad and Sulaymaniah as a mitigating

--- Page 39 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
measure to protect Asiacell against counterparty risk vis-à-vis such bank in an amount valued at QR 397.4 
million (U.S.$109.1 million) as at 31 December 2020.  However, transfer of legal title to such property is 
subject to the completion of legal formalities and there is no assurance that any such transfer will be 
completed in a timely manner or be legally effective due to the legal uncertainties in Iraq associated with 
the transfer of ownership in property.  Even if such property transfers are made, there is no certainty as to 
when, and to what extent, the Group may be able to liquidate such assets. 
Persons investing in Notes may have indirect contact with sanctioned countries as a result of the Group's 
activities in and business with countries on sanctions lists 
Each of the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury ("OFAC"), Her Majesty's 
Treasury, the European Union and the United Nations administer regulations that restrict the ability to 
invest in, or otherwise engage in direct or indirect business with, certain countries, governments and 
blocked persons (together "Sanction Targets"). As the Group is not itself a Sanction Target, sanctions 
regulations do not prohibit investment in, or engagement in business with the Group. However, to the extent 
that the Group has invested in, or otherwise engaged in business with, Sanction Targets, persons investing 
in the Group may incur the risk of indirect contact with Sanction Targets. The Group has interconnection 
and/or roaming agreements in place with entities that are Sanction Targets, including in Cuba, North Korea, 
Crimea, Syria, Iran, Venezuela and Sudan. Such interconnection and/or roaming agreements are permitted 
under relevant local regulations applicable to the Group, and the revenue received and payments made 
under those agreements constitute less than 1 per cent. of the revenue of the Group in the year ended 31 
December 2020. Further, OFAC general licenses in connection with sanctions regulations applicable to 
certain Sanctions Targets authorize U.S. persons to enter into agreements of the same type as the 
interconnection and/or roaming agreements entered into by the Group, and the Group's current practice is 
to segregate any funding from U.S. persons from its operations in Sanction Targets. In addition, each of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor has undertaken in the Programme Agreement (as defined herein) that it will ensure 
that proceeds raised in connection with the issue of any Notes under the Programme will not directly or 
indirectly be used for any purpose that would have the aim or effect of financing or supporting the activities 
of Sanction Targets that are the subject of any sanctions regulations administered by any governmental 
entity including OFAC, Her Majesty's Treasury, the European Union and the United Nations ("Economic 
Sanctions"). Further, the Group has represented in the Programme Agreement that it will not engage in any 
dealings or transactions or any activities, directly or indirectly, with any government, individual or entity 
located in a country, or with any other person or entity, that is the subject of any Economic Sanctions, in 
each case where any such dealings or transactions or activities are prohibited by any Economic Sanctions. 
The Group may pursue investment opportunities in countries in which it has no previous investment 
experience or in jurisdictions that are subject to greater social, economic and political risks than 
developed countries 
The Group may not be able to adequately assess the risks of investing in new jurisdictions irrespective of 
advice from its advisers. Investments made by the Group in emerging markets may involve a greater degree 
of risk than investments in developed countries. For example, emerging market investments may carry the 
risk of more volatile capital markets, less favourable and less sophisticated fiscal and commercial regulation 
(including a less developed or less enforced anti-trust regulatory regime to prevent or restrict the abuse of 
a dominant market position by an incumbent competitor), less well-developed and independent court 
systems, a greater likelihood of severe inflation, unstable currency, exchange controls, restrictions or delays 
on repatriation of profits and capital, corruption, political, social and economic instability (including 
warfare and civil unrest) and government actions or interventions, including tariffs, royalties, protectionism, 
subsidies, expropriation of assets and cancellation of contractual rights, than investments in companies 
based in developed countries. An occurrence of any of the foregoing risks or failure by the Group to 
correctly identify the risks associated with an investment could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer and 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to perform their respective obligations in respect of any Notes. 
Risks Relating to the Telecommunications Industry  
The Group could suffer loss of consumer confidence and/or legal action due to a failure to protect its 
customer information or a failure in its information and technology systems 
Mobile networks carry and store large volumes of confidential personal and business voice traffic and data. 
The Group hosts increasing quantities and types of customer data in all principal markets in which it

--- Page 40 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
operates, including for example home addresses, credit card and bank details. Data protection regulations 
have received increased public focus in recent years, and have been or are expected to be introduced in 
some of the markets in which the Group operates, including Qatar, Algeria, Tunisia and Indonesia.  The 
Group needs to ensure its service environments are sufficiently secure to protect it from loss or corruption 
of customer information. The Group's network and information systems may be affected by cyber-security 
incidents that can result from deliberate attacks or system failures. For example, in 2018 Ooredoo Myanmar 
was the target of a cyberattack which, although remedied, resulted in the incurrence of additional expenses 
and efforts to remediate and protect against such attacks in the future. Failure to adequately protect customer 
information could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation or result in a loss of customers 
and may also lead to legal or regulatory action against the Group, which could have an adverse impact on 
its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, the Group's information and technology systems are designed to enable the Group to use its 
infrastructure resources as effectively as possible and to monitor and control all aspects of its operations. 
Any failure or breakdown in these systems or any system failures resulting from computer viruses or hacker 
attacks could interrupt the normal business operations, result in a significant slowdown in operational and 
management efficiency for the duration of such failure or breakdown, affect the quality of its services and 
cause service interruptions. Any prolonged failure or breakdown could dramatically impact the Group's 
ability to offer services to its customers, which could result in reduced user traffic and reduced revenues 
and have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and results of operations. For example, the Group 
depends on certain technologically sophisticated management information systems and other systems, such 
as its customer billing system, to enable it to conduct its operations. Any significant delays or interruptions 
in providing services could negatively impact the Group's reputation as an efficient and reliable 
telecommunications provider, which could have an adverse impact on its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Because the Group operates in heavily regulated business environments, regulatory decisions and 
changes in the regulatory environment could materially adversely affect its business 
The Group has operations in a large number of jurisdictions and must therefore comply with an extensive 
range of laws and regulations pertaining to the licensing, construction and operation of telecommunications 
networks and services, as implemented by relevant agencies or other regulatory bodies. Among the most 
significant of these laws and regulations are those governing the allocation of frequency spectrum and 
regulatory agencies that monitor and enforce regulation and competition laws which apply to the 
telecommunications industry. Decisions by regulators regarding the granting, amendment or renewal of 
licences, or the granting of spectrum at reasonable fees, to the Group or to third parties, could materially 
and adversely affect the Group's future operations in these geographic areas. Regulators may also increase 
regulatory fees payable by the Group under the terms of its licences, as occurred recently in Qatar (where 
licence fees increased from 1 per cent. of revenues to 1.5 per cent. in 2020) and Oman (where royalty fees 
for mobile services increased from 7 per cent. to 12 per cent. in 2017). The Group may also become subject 
to regulatory obligations to wholesale some of its network, which would diminish its competitive advantage 
and reduce its ability to monetise those assets, or become subject to coverage obligations that may not be 
economically advantageous. 
The Group may also not be able to realise expected revenues from capital expenditures invested in certain 
infrastructure projects if governments or their regulatory authorities require the Group to share or sell any 
rights to the assets once complete, see, for example, the establishment of the Qatar National Broadband 
Network in Qatar as further described in "Business Description of the Group—Principal Operations—
Qatar—Regulation". In some countries where the Group operates, the Group may be required to rely on 
state-owned telecommunications infrastructure, such as in Kuwait where fixed network infrastructure is 
deployed by the government. In addition, regulators may require changes to the rights contained within the 
Group's licences, such as in Iraq where the Group was denied rights to deploy its own fibre and instead 
required to use the state-owned company's fibre. 
Furthermore, the Group cannot provide any assurance that governments or their regulatory bodies in the 
countries in which it operates will not issue telecommunications licences to new operators whose services 
will compete with it. See also "—The Group may face increased competition from new entrants or 
established telecommunications operators in the markets in which it operates". 
In addition, other changes in the regulatory environment concerning the use of mobile phones may lead to 
a reduction in the usage of mobile phones or otherwise adversely affect the Group, such as the policy during

--- Page 41 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
the course of 2017 and 2018 introduced by the government of Indonesia to begin more strictly enforcing a 
regulation requiring mandatory registration (and re-verification) of SIM cards, which had a substantial 
effect on the total number of mobile subscribers in Indonesia, including Indosat Ooredoo. Also, decisions 
by regulators and new legislation, such as the transfer from regulatory authorities of certain regulatory 
functions, including responsibility for price regulation, to an independent governmental authority sometime 
in the future, could affect the pricing of, or adversely affect the revenue from, the services the Group offers. 
If price regulation is introduced in any country in which the Group operates, such regulation may result in 
a reduction in, or a cap on the growth of its domestic and international tariffs and the fees and charges for 
other products and services provided by it. See "Business Description of the Group—Telecommunications 
OperationsRegulation". 
If any of these risks materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group faces a risk of increased customer churn as a result of mobile number portability 
A significant focus of the Group's business is reducing customer churn rates, which refers to mobile 
customer disconnections. Customer disconnections can occur on a voluntary basis, when customers switch 
to competing telecommunications operators which can be caused by a number of factors, such as pricing, 
the availability of data and value-added service offerings and quality of service. Customer disconnections 
also occur when a customer decides that it no longer requires, or cannot afford, mobile telecommunications 
services, or through termination by the Group following non-payment by the relevant customer. An increase 
in churn rates may result in lower revenue and higher costs resulting from the need to replace customers 
and may consequently have a material adverse effect on the Group's profitability. 
Prior to 2013, the Group was protected to some extent from customer churn by the fact that mobile 
telephone numbers in Qatar, Kuwait, Tunisia and Iraq were not transferable between service providers. A 
customer switching from one service provider to another would therefore have had to change his or her 
mobile telephone number. The inconvenience associated with this acts as a disincentive to customers 
considering switching service providers and thus mitigates churn. However, in January 2013, the CRA 
introduced mobile number portability services in Qatar and in June 2013, the Ministry of Communications 
in Kuwait introduced mobile number portability services in Kuwait, in each case in order to provide greater 
consumer choice and promote competition. Number portability services are also available in Oman, 
Palestine, Tunisia and Maldives. In addition, the CMC is actively requiring mobile telecommunications 
operators in Iraq to adopt mobile number portability. In August 2015, the CMC published a public 
consultation on the introduction of mobile number portability in Iraq. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the consultation has not yet specified a firm timeline in relation to, nor has the CMC issued any final 
regulations on, the implementation of mobile number portability in Iraq. Mobile number portability 
represents a risk to the Group in that it removes a key disincentive to customers switching service providers 
and may increase churn. Although it has not experienced a significant impact following prior mobile 
number portability availability to date, such portability could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Disruptions between the Group and its equipment and service providers may negatively impact the 
Group's telecommunications operations 
The Group's ability to maintain and grow its subscriber base depends in part on its ability to source adequate 
supplies of network equipment and on its ability to source adequate supplies of mobile handsets, software 
and content on a timely basis. Continued cooperation with its equipment and service providers is essential 
for the Group to maintain its operations. Once a manufacturer of telecommunications equipment has 
designed and installed its equipment within a system, the operator of the system will often be reliant on 
such manufacturer for continued service and supply.  
Certain of the Group's suppliers, such as ZTE and Huawei, have been found in violation of US trade 
sanctions and consequently faced significant fines and the imposition of sanctions against them by the 
United States. The Group does not have operational or financial control over ZTE, Huawei or other key 
suppliers and has limited influence with respect to the manner in which its suppliers conduct their 
businesses. The Group's subsidiaries' and associates' reliance on these suppliers subjects them and the 
Group to risks resulting from any delays in the delivery of services and these suppliers' limitations in 
accessing US technology, software and hardware. The Group cannot be certain that its suppliers will 
continue to provide equipment and services to its subsidiaries and associates at attractive prices or that the

--- Page 42 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Group will be able to obtain such equipment and services in the future from these or other providers on the 
scale and within the time frames required, if at all. The Huawei sanctions, for example, caused supply chain 
pressure that resulted in delays in providing equipment to certain Group companies and required the Group 
in some cases to seek alternative suppliers. To the extent that the Group is required to replace the equipment 
of one supplier (due to any inability or unwillingness to supply) with equipment from another supplier, this 
may lead to an increase in costs to the Group. The inability or unwillingness of key suppliers to provide the 
Group's operations with adequate equipment and supplies on a timely basis and at attractive prices could 
materially and adversely impact these operations' ability to retain and attract subscribers or offer attractive 
product offerings, either of which could materially and negatively impact the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.   
The Group's telecommunications licences, permits and frequency allocations are subject to finite terms, 
ongoing review and/or periodic renewal, each of which may result in modification or early termination. 
In addition, the Group's ability to obtain new licences and permits could adversely affect its business 
The Group is dependent on the licences that each operating company holds to provide their 
telecommunications services. The Group's licences, permits and frequency allocations are subject to finite 
terms, ongoing review and/or periodic renewal and, in some cases, are subject to modification or early 
termination or may require renewal with the applicable government authorities. The licence renewal process 
can also be complicated by unforeseen circumstances.  See "Business Description of the Group—
Telecommunications Operations—Licences". For example, in the process of renewing the Group's mobile 
telecommunications licence in Iraq in 2020, the Iraqi authorities approved the terms for renewing the 
licence, but the process was temporarily stalled by a civil case filed against the mobile telecommunications 
regulator and operators in Iraq, although a renewal extension was ultimately granted on 31 January 2021. 
See "Business Description of the Group—Principal Operations—Iraq—Regulation". While the Group does 
not expect any of its subsidiaries or associated companies to be required to cease operations at the end of 
the term of their current business arrangements or licences, there can be no assurance that these business 
arrangements or licences will be renewed on equivalent satisfactory terms, or at all. Upon termination, the 
licences and assets of these companies may revert to the local governments or local telecommunications 
operators, in some cases without any or adequate compensation being paid. 
The Group has in the past paid significant amounts for certain of its mobile telecommunications licences 
and the competition to obtain these licences is increasing. For this reason, the Group anticipates that it may 
have to pay increasingly substantial licence fees in certain markets, as well as meet specified network build 
out requirements. For example, when the Group renewed its mobile telecommunications licence in Oman 
in early 2020, the licence fees were significantly higher than in 2005 when the licence was previously 
granted. There can be no assurance that the Group will be successful in obtaining or funding these licences, 
or, if licences are awarded, that they can be obtained on terms acceptable to the Group. If the Group obtains 
or renews further licences, it may need to seek future funding through additional borrowings or equity 
offerings and there can be no assurance that such funding will be obtained on satisfactory terms, or at all. 
The Group's ability to maintain necessary licenses, the costs, terms and other requirements related to such 
licenses, and the failure to obtain financing on satisfactory terms or at all to finance license acquisitions or 
requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer has no independent business operations and is not expected to have any income except for 
receipt of payments from the Guarantor 
The Issuer is a special purpose company incorporated under the Companies Act in Bermuda on 8 May 2009 
as an exempted company limited by shares. The Issuer is not likely to engage in any business activity other 
than the issuance of Notes under this Programme and its principal purpose is to provide funding, through 
the international capital markets, to the Group. Accordingly, the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes is entirely dependent on the Group's performance and receipt of payment on a timely basis from 
the Guarantor. The Issuer is therefore subject to all the risks which the Guarantor and the Group are subject 
to, including without limitation, any delay in the expatriation of dividend or intragroup receivables to the 
Guarantor as a result of fiscal or exchange control restrictions in the relevant jurisdiction, and such risks 
could limit the Guarantor's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under the Guarantee. 
See "—Risks Relating to the Group" for a further description of certain of these risks. See also "—Risks

--- Page 43 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Relating to Enforcement—It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce arbitration awards and foreign 
judgments against the Issuer" for potential additional risks related to the Issuer. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of 
such features. 
The Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer, which may result in lower yields for holders of the Notes 
and create reinvestment risks for holders of the Notes 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the Notes' market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In particular, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option 
of the Issuer (as described in Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer call))). Such 
right of redemption is often provided for securities in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest 
rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases. The 
redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes shall be the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. As a consequence of early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. Part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to 
reinvest moneys they receive through an early redemption may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date for tax reasons, which may create 
reinvestment risks for holders of the Notes 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as provided or referred 
to in Condition 8 (Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment 
by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the 
outstanding Notes of such Tranche in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons) of the Notes. 
In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position of such investor. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the Early Redemption Amount. Potential investors should consider re-
investment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Partly-paid Notes are subject to additional risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are subject to increased volatility 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR. The market values of these Notes are typically more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate

--- Page 44 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
The Issuer may have a right to convert Notes from a fixed to a floating rate of interest, which may affect 
the market value of such Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
Any Fixed Rate Notes the Issuer may issue will be subject to interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the market value of Notes linked to 
or referencing such "benchmarks"  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" 
or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
Notes which reference or are linked to benchmarks 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to fluctuations in 
a specified interest rate benchmark. Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such 
as the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), which are used to determine the amounts payable under 
financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments ("Benchmarks"), have, in recent years, 
been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has 
resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be 
discontinued. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). 
In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, 
nor any successor or replacement may be available.

--- Page 45 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Agency Agreement provides for the Rate of Interest 
to be determined by the Principal Paying Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates 
for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference 
Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability 
of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is 
discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Benchmark Events 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference 
Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate.  
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest and the application 
of any Adjustment Spread may result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where 
the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the 
initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue 
to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest 
Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding 
and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a 
risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate

--- Page 46 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This risks the Floating Rate Notes in effect becoming 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is an "IBOR" Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. 
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may be subject to increased 
volatility 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to all Notes 
Claims in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee will be structurally subordinated to claims of creditors 
of Ooredoo's subsidiaries 
In the event of a winding-up or insolvency of one of the subsidiaries of Ooredoo, claims of secured and 
unsecured creditors of such subsidiary, including trade creditors, banks and other lenders, will have priority 
with respect to the assets and revenues of such subsidiary over any claims that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(to the extent that they are not secured or unsecured creditors), as applicable, or the creditors of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as applicable, may have with respect to such assets and revenues. Generally, all of the 
obligations of a subsidiary of Ooredoo would have to be satisfied before any of the assets or revenues of 
such subsidiary would be available, upon a liquidation or otherwise, to the Issuer or the Guarantor (to the 
extent that they are not secured or unsecured creditors), as applicable, or the creditors of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as applicable. Claims under the Notes and the Guarantee will therefore be structurally 
subordinated to the indebtedness of Ooredoo's subsidiaries, the amount of which is not subject to contractual 
limitations under the terms of the Notes. 
The Notes are subject to modification by a majority of Noteholders without the consent of all Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer (following consultation with 
the Guarantor) may agree, without the consent of Noteholders, to (a) any modification of the provisions of 
the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law; (b) any other modification which, in the opinion of the Issuer (acting on the 
advice of an independent financial institution) is not prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders, except 
certain matters in respect of which an increased quorum is required by the Conditions; and (c) any 
Benchmark Amendments (as defined in the Conditions) required by the Independent Adviser pursuant to 
Condition 5(e).

--- Page 47 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
Certain bearer notes, the denomination of which involves integral multiples, may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum specified 
denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum specified denomination. 
In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum specified denomination would need to purchase an additional amount of Notes such that it holds 
an amount equal to at least the minimum specified denomination to be able to trade such Notes. Noteholders 
should be aware that Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum 
specified denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. If a Noteholder holds an amount which is less 
than the minimum specified denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time, such Noteholder may not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should the 
definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding amounts to at least a specified denomination in order to be eligible to receive a definitive Bearer 
Note. 
Investors in the Notes must rely on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with 
a nominee for The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"). Except in the circumstances described in each 
Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by 
a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing 
systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants in relation to 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer and Ooredoo have no responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
The Group cannot give any assurance that an active, stable or liquid market for the Notes will develop 
or be maintained 
Notes issued under the Programme may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. If a market does develop it may not be very liquid. The liquidity of any market for the Notes 
that may develop depends on a number of factors, including, amongst other things: 
 
the method of calculating the principal and interest in respect of the Notes; 
 
the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes; 
 
the outstanding amount of the Notes; 
 
the redemption features of the Notes; and 
 
the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally. 
As a result of these and other factors, there may be a limited number of buyers available when an investor 
decides to sell its Notes, which may adversely affect the price an investor receives for such Notes unless 
such an investor understands and knows it can bear those investment risks. This is particularly the case for 
Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited

--- Page 48 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks that may affect the value of the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed in this 
Base Prospectus and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. There is no assurance that the 
ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that the ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn 
entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-European 
Union credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a European Union-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-European Union rating agency is certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn 
or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency being included in such list as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and publication of an 
updated ESMA list. Limited information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
Investors in the Notes may be subject to risks relating to fluctuations in currency exchange rates in 
respect of the Notes they hold 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the relevant Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that government and monetary 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls, which 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. The Issuer and Ooredoo have no control over the factors 
that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and the supply and demand 
for applicable currencies. In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies have been highly 
volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected in the future. 
However, fluctuations between currencies in the past are not necessarily indicative of fluctuations that may 
occur in the future. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency 
at the time of any payment of principal or interest on a Note. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is 
possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Note not denominated in U.S. Dollars would not be 
available at such Note's maturity. 
Risks Relating to Enforcement 
It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce arbitration awards and foreign judgments against the 
Issuer 
The Issuer has agreed that the Notes will be governed by English law, and that any dispute arising from the 
Notes shall be referred to and resolved by arbitration in London under the Arbitration Rules of the London 
Court of International Arbitration, with a Noteholder having the right to require that the courts of England 
have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from the Notes. A final and conclusive judgment of

--- Page 49 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
a foreign court against the Issuer may be enforceable in Bermuda if the foreign court is situated in a country 
to which The Judgments (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1958 (the "1958 Act") applies. The procedure 
provided for in the 1958 Act must be followed if the 1958 Act applies. The 1958 Act applies to the United 
Kingdom. Under the 1958 Act, a judgment obtained in the superior courts of a territory to which it applies 
would be enforced by the Supreme Court of Bermuda without re-examination of the merits of the case, 
provided that: 
 
the judgment is final and conclusive, notwithstanding that an appeal may be pending against it or 
it may still be subject to an appeal in such country; 
 
the judgment has not been given on appeal from a court which is not a superior court; and 
 
the judgment is duly registered in the Supreme Court of Bermuda in circumstances in which its 
registration is not liable thereafter to be set aside. 
Under Section 3(4) of the 1958 Act, the registration of such a court's judgment in the Supreme Court of 
Bermuda involves the conversion of the judgment debt into Bermuda Dollars as of the date of the foreign 
court's judgment, but the Bermuda Monetary Authority has indicated that its present policy is to give the 
consents necessary for any Bermuda dollar award made by the Supreme Court of Bermuda as aforesaid to 
be recovered in external currency. 
No stamp duty or similar or other tax or duty is payable in Bermuda on the enforcement of a foreign 
judgment. Court fees will be payable in connection with proceedings for enforcement. 
The submission by the Issuer to arbitration pursuant to the terms of the Notes is not contrary to Bermuda 
law and would be recognised by the courts of Bermuda as a legal, valid and binding submission, if such 
submission is legal, valid and binding under the laws of England. 
An arbitration award made in a country which is a signatory to the Convention on the Recognition and 
Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards adopted by the United Nations Conference on International 
Commercial Arbitration on 10 June 1958 (the "New York Convention") may be enforceable in Bermuda. 
It may be possible to enforce the award pursuant to Part IV of the Bermuda International Conciliation and 
Arbitration Act 1993 (the "1993 Arbitration Act"). Pursuant to Section 40 of the 1993 Arbitration Act, a 
New York Convention award (defined in that Act as an award made pursuant to an arbitration in a state or 
territory other than Bermuda which is a party to the New York Convention) is enforceable in Bermuda 
either by action or by leave of the court, in the same manner as a judgment of the Supreme Court or the 
Court of Appeal of Bermuda. 
A New York Convention award must be enforced except in the following instances: enforcement of a New 
York Convention award may be refused if it is in respect of a matter which is not capable of settlement by 
arbitration, or if enforcement would be contrary to public policy, as that term is understood in Bermuda. 
Moreover, enforcement of a New York Convention award may be refused if the person against whom it is 
invoked proves: 
 
the incapacity of one of the parties to the arbitration agreement; 
 
that the arbitration agreement was not valid under the laws to which the parties subjected it or of 
the country where the award was made; 
 
that the person against whom it is invoked was not given proper notice of the appointment of the 
arbitrator or of the arbitration proceedings or was otherwise unable to present his or its case; 
 
(unless the award is severable) the award deals with a difference not contemplated by or falling 
within the terms of the submission to arbitration or contains decisions on matters beyond the scope 
of the submission to arbitration; 
 
the composition of the arbitral authority was not in accordance with the parties' agreement or, 
failing such agreement with the law of the country where the arbitration took place; or 
 
the award has not yet become binding on the parties or has been set aside or suspended by a 
competent authority of the country in which, or under the law of which, it was made.

--- Page 50 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Pursuant to Section 44 of the 1993 Arbitration Act, a certificate under the hand of the Deputy Governor of 
Bermuda to the effect that Her Majesty has by Order in Council declared that any State specified in the 
certificate is a party to the New York Convention, is conclusive evidence that that State is a party to the 
New York Convention on the date of the certificate. The United Kingdom is a signatory to the New York 
Convention. 
Arbitration may involve the payment of the costs of the arbitration and fees by each of the parties to the 
arbitral proceedings. 
It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce arbitration awards and foreign judgments against Ooredoo 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the parties have agreed that any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the 
Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration, with a Noteholder having the right to 
require that the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle the Noteholder's dispute. A unilateral 
right to litigate as an alternative to arbitration, as on the part of a Noteholder contractual term has not been 
specifically raised before the Qatari courts. Accordingly, it is possible that a Qatari court may disclaim 
jurisdiction and refer the parties to arbitration or may not accept that the Noteholder's right to litigate is 
exclusive to such Noteholder and may afford Ooredoo the same right. 
In the event that proceedings are brought against Ooredoo in Qatar, and the Qatari Courts accepted 
jurisdiction, notwithstanding the agreement to arbitrate, the Qatari courts would, in accordance with their 
normal practice, enforce the contractual terms of the Notes (including the contractual choice of a governing 
law other than Qatari law to govern the Notes), provided that, this would not apply to any contractual term 
which Qatari courts held to be contrary to any mandatory provision of Qatari law or to public order or 
morality in Qatar. Qatari courts have consistently enforced commercial interest obligations computed in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant agreement in agreements governed by a foreign law. It is, 
however, uncertain whether the Qatari courts would enforce the payment of interest on interest, or the 
payment of accrued interest which exceeds the amount of the principal sum. 
There is currently no treaty or convention for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments between Qatar on 
the one hand and England on the other.  Law No. 13 of 1990 (the "Qatar Civil and Commercial Code") 
sets out the conditions that apply to the recognition and enforcement in Qatar of foreign court judgments 
and, accordingly, a foreign court judgment can in theory be enforced in Qatar.  In practice, however, two 
of the conditions can constitute material impediments to the successful enforcement of a foreign court 
judgment. The first requirement is reciprocity with the courts of the foreign jurisdiction. Article 379 of the 
Qatar Civil and Commercial Code states: "Judgments and orders pronounced in a foreign country may be 
enforced in Qatar on the same conditions determined in that foreign country for the enforcement of Qatari 
judgments and orders therein." A Qatari court would be entitled to call for evidence on the laws of England 
concerning the conditions that would be applicable for the execution of the judgment of a Qatari court in 
England and the Qatari court would then be entitled to execute the judgment of the English court upon those 
same conditions. The second requirement is finality. Article 380.3 of the Qatar Civil and Commercial Code 
requires that the judgment is final and has the effect of res judicata under the relevant applicable rules which 
can be a challenge to demonstrate. It would be necessary to initiate proceedings in Qatar to enforce an 
English Court judgment and the judgment-debtor would be entitled to one, and possibly two levels of 
appeal.  
Qatari courts routinely uphold the choice of arbitration as a dispute resolution method, although the analysis 
is less certain in the current circumstances because of the Noteholder's right to refer a dispute to the courts 
of England. However, this would be subject to the same qualifications as are stated above with regard to 
mandatory provisions of Qatari law and the jurisdiction of the Qatari courts. 
Qatar is a party to the New York Convention, with effect from 30 March 2003 and does recognize arbitral 
awards and enforce them pursuant to the New York Convention and the procedures set forth in the Civil 
and Commercial Procedures Law, Law No. 13 of 1990 as amended by the Issuing Law dated 16 February 
2017 promulgating the Civil and Commercial Arbitration Law, Law No. 2 of 2017 (the "Arbitration 
Law"). The United Kingdom is also a party to the New York Convention and therefore an arbitration award 
made in England should be enforceable in Qatar in accordance with the terms of the New York Convention.

--- Page 51 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Risks Related to Taxation 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and consult their tax 
advisors about their own tax situation. See "Taxation" below. 
Bermuda taxation and exchange of information with the United States, the United Kingdom and 
Australia 
The duration of the assurance granted to the Issuer under the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act, 
1966 is limited and initially expires on 31 March 2035 (see "TaxationBermuda"). Tax policy and 
legislation in Bermuda could change in the future (as is the case in other jurisdictions) and as such no 
guarantee can be given as to whether the current tax treatment afforded to the Issuer will continue after 31 
March 2035. 
Bermuda has currently signed tax information exchange agreements with 41 different countries and 
territories including Argentina, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, South 
Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States. The agreements provide that the competent authorities 
of the participating countries shall provide assistance through the exchange of information that is relevant 
to the administration or enforcement of the domestic laws of the participating countries concerning taxes 
covered by the agreements. Such information shall include information that is relevant to the determination, 
assessment and collection of such taxes, the recovery and enforcement of tax claims or the investigation or 
prosecution of tax matters. Information shall be exchanged in accordance with the provisions of the 
agreements and shall be treated as confidential in the manner provided therein. Bermuda may agree to sign 
similar tax information exchange agreements with other countries in the future. 
In addition, in 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development announced the 
Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"), which has now been widely accepted as the international standard 
for financial account reporting for tax purposes outside the United States. The CRS sets out the financial 
account information to be exchanged between participating countries, the financial institutions required to 
report, the different types of accounts and taxpayers covered, as well as common due diligence procedures 
to be followed by financial institutions.  Bermuda became a participant of the CRS pursuant to a multilateral 
competent authority agreement executed in 2014.  Unlike FATCA, which requires the direct reporting of 
requisite information to the United States authorities, under the CRS reporting financial institutions are 
required to report requisite data to the Minister of Finance, in his capacity as the Competent Authority in 
Bermuda, for onward inter-governmental exchange.  Bermuda legislation has been amended to ensure all 
Bermuda persons comply with the obligations of the CRS, FATCA and any other arrangements or 
agreements entered into by the Government of Bermuda for the exchange of information for tax purposes.  
The Issuer is required to collect certain information for each calendar year from and including 2016 from 
new accountholders (holders of Notes) where accounts are opened on or after January 1, 2016, and complete 
due diligence on all pre-existing accounts (being those existing as at December 31, 2015) and begin to 
report such information to the Minister of Finance for exchange under the CRS from 2017. 
Payment by the Issuer may be subject to withholding tax in Qatar 
The Income Tax Law No.24 of 2018 (the "Income Tax Law") and the Executive Regulations of the Income 
Tax Law issued by the Council of Ministers Decision 39 of 2019 (the "Executive Regulations") provide 
that any interest payments made to "non-residents" in respect of activities not connected with a permanent 
establishment in Qatar will be subject to withholding tax. However, the Executive Regulations provide for 
certain exemptions to such application of withholding tax and in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 
21(4) of the Executive Regulations, "interest on bills and bonds issued by the State and public authorities, 
establishments and corporations owned wholly or partly by the State" shall not be subject to withholding 
tax. The Issuer is wholly-owned by Ooredoo, which is indirectly partly owned by Qatar (through Qatar 
Holding LLC, an entity established by the Qatar Investment Authority) and Ooredoo believes that, as a 
result, interest payments made by the Issuer to the Noteholders should not be subject to any withholding 
tax in Qatar. If the Issuer and/or Ooredoo cease to be partly owned by Qatar, the exemption at Paragraph 2 
of Article 21(4) of the Executive Regulations will cease to apply and interest payments by the Issuer will 
be subject to withholding tax. The Issuer and Ooredoo would benefit from an exemption under Paragraph 
3 of Article 21(4) of the Executive Regulations which provides that interest on transactions, facilities and 
loans with banks and financial institutions shall not be subject to withholding tax. Such exemption would 
apply provided interest is being paid to a bank or financial institution.

--- Page 52 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
However, to the extent that a different official interpretation of the Executive Regulations is taken in the 
future, or if any law or regulation relating to withholding tax is changed, then, in relation to any then 
outstanding Notes, the Issuer may be entitled to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons). If the State were to divest itself of its ownership of Ooredoo 
or if Ooredoo were to divest itself of ownership of the Issuer, payments under the transaction documents 
may also become subject to withholding tax. However, if the State were to divest itself of its ownership of 
Ooredoo and the Change of Control Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the holder 
of any Note may, in accordance with Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Change 
of Control (Change of Control Put)), redeem the note by giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
notice to the Issuer for an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Note together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Put Date. If Ooredoo were to divest itself of ownership of 
the Issuer, this would result in an event of default in accordance with Condition 10(ix) (Events of Default) 
and a holder of a Note may declare such note to be forthwith due and payable, together with any interest 
accrued to the date of repayment. 
The Issuer may, without consent of the Noteholders, issue additional Notes. These additional Notes, even 
if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the original Notes, may be treated 
as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The Issuer may, without consent of the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series, issue additional Tranches 
of Notes which may be consolidated and form a single Series with one or more Tranches previously issued. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, such additional Tranches may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. In such a case, the Notes of any such additional Tranche may be considered to have 
been issued with "original issue discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes and this may reduce the 
market value of the Notes of such previously issued Tranche to certain classes of investors.

--- Page 53 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Each of: 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 54 to 82 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 7 December 2012 (the "2012 Terms and Conditions") prepared by the Issuer 
and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme (an electronic copy of which is available at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_e89d963c-e025-4fa5-89a4-
7ed82d7eb6be.PDF) which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland; and 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 45 to 78 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 14 June 2016 (the "2016 Terms and Conditions") prepared by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor in connection with the Programme (an electronic copy of which is available at  
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_9e185ae6-e49f-4474-9288-
a7c7744e872b.PDF) which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland,  
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the 2012 Terms and Conditions and the 2016 Terms and Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office of Ooredoo and from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the 2012 Terms and Conditions or the 2016 Terms 
and Conditions which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Additionally, information included in the base prospectus dated 7 December 2012 or the base 
prospectus dated 14 June 2016 which is not incorporated by reference herein is either not relevant to 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) of the Republic of Ireland (S.I. No. 324 of 
2005) (the "Irish Prospectus Regulations"), the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate 
amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplemental base prospectus as required by Part 8, Paragraph 51 of 
the Irish Prospectus Regulations. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the 
United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United 
States in reliance on Rule 144A or Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
"Permanent Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for, Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
Bearer Notes will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will only be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) outside the United 
States and its possessions and only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is forty days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for: (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series; or (ii) 
for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to 
such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that no definitive Bearer Note 
will be delivered to an address in the U.S. or its possessions), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on 
or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made only outside the United States and its possessions through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any 
requirement for certification if such Note is being issued in accordance with the TEFRA C Rules or if 
certification has already been given (as described in the preceding paragraph). 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon either: (a) not less than sixty days' written notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein; or (b) only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing; or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
fourteen days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The 
Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) 
may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than forty-five days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 55 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
The following legend will appear on the face of all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more 
than one year (including unilateral roll overs and extensions) and on all receipts, interest coupons or talons 
relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections of the Code referred to in the legend above provide that U.S. Holders (as defined in "Taxation 
– United States – U.S. Federal Income Taxation"), with certain limited exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(a "Regulation S Global Note"). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may 
not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in 
Condition 2 (Transfers of Registered Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, contained herein, 
and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S 
Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons 
in private transactions: (i) to QIBs; or (ii) to Institutional Accredited Investors who agree to purchase the 
Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered Notes of each 
Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a "Rule 144A Global Note" 
and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, the "Registered Global Notes"). 
Registered Global Notes will either: (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) be deposited with a 
common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof ("Definitive IAI Registered Notes"). Unless otherwise set 
forth in the applicable Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate 
equivalents in the applicable Specified Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Transfer Restrictions". The Rule 144A Global Notes and 
the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and 
will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the relevant Register (as defined in 
Condition 6(d) (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee 
as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency 
other than U.S. Dollars shall be paid by transfer by the relevant Registrar to an account in the relevant 
Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and 
payment in U.S. Dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. None of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrars will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of

--- Page 56 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the relevant Register on 
the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(d) (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the 
manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing; (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either 
DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and 
no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered 
under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) ("Exchange Act"); or (iii) in the 
case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in 
any such case, no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global 
Note) may give notice to the relevant Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the relevant Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form 
of a Definitive IAI Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with 
all applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest 
in a Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to 
transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
General 
The option for Global Notes to be exchangeable for definitive Notes by giving notice shall not be expressed 
to be applicable under paragraph 21 (Form of Notes) in Part A of the applicable Final Terms if the relevant 
Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or more higher 
integral multiples of another smaller amount. Furthermore, Notes shall not be issued which have such 
denominations if such Notes are to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS 
number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, Ooredoo and the 
Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 57 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is still 
represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not 
been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 
8.00 pm (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/ or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will 
become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed 
of Covenant") dated 10 March 2021 and executed by the Issuer. In addition, holders of interests in such 
Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in registered 
form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating 
procedures.

--- Page 58 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
– In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment

--- Page 59 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
[Date] 
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
Issue of [•] [•] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C. 
under the U.S.$5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes set forth in the base prospectus dated 10 March 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation] 2 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these applicable Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] is available for viewing in accordance with Article 21 of the 
Prospectus Regulation on the website of Euronext Dublin (http://www.ise.ie) and during normal business 
hours at the registered office of the Issuer at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 
10, Bermuda and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the 
Principal Paying Agent at One Canada Square, London, E14 5AL, United Kingdom.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue that is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") contained in the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated [•] and set forth in 
the base prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which are incorporated by reference 
into the base prospectus dated [•] 20[•] (the "Base Prospectus"). [This document constitutes the applicable 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended) (the "Prospectus Regulation")] 3  and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 March 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation], save in respect of 
the Conditions. The Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] is available for viewing in accordance with 
Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation on the website of Euronext Dublin (http://www.ise.ie) and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, 
Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the registered 
office of the Principal Paying Agent at One Canada Square, London, E14 5AL, United Kingdom.] 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
                                                          
1 
Include where Notes are to be offered to Singapore investors.  
2 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
3 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 60 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
[(c) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[•]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(b) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[+/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes and 
Guarantee obtained: 
[•] and [•], respectively 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent., per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling in/on [•]]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]

--- Page 61 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/ 
Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(f) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[•] 
 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
o 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
 
o 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
o 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
o 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
o 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
o 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long]/[short] [first]/[last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation] 
 
 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/ -][•] per cent., per annum 
 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent., per annum 
 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent., per annum 
 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 
 
 
30E/360 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 62 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent., per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Investor Put: 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
100 per cent., of nominal amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
[Not 
Applicable/Final 
Redemption 
Amount/[•] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 
60 days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event/at any time at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[•] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee

--- Page 63 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[•] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC]  
 
 
[Definitive IAI Registered Notes] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre: 
[Not Applicable/Qatar/[•]] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which payment is to be made and 
consequences 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
25. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited: 
Signed on behalf of 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.: 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
By:  ................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 64 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made to [Euronext Dublin for 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin]/[•] with 
effect from [•]] [Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[S&P 
[•]] 
 
[Moody's: 
[•]] 
 
[Fitch: 
[•]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer or the Guarantor is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may 
receive fees. 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[•] 
Use of proceeds: 
[•] (Only required if the use of proceeds is different 
to that stated in the Base Prospectus) 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[•] per cent., per annum on a [quarterly/[semi-] 
annual] basis 
6. 
TEFRA 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
CUSIP: 
[•] 
CINS: 
[•] 
Any clearing system(s) other than DTC, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant Identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]

--- Page 65 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
Name and address of Registrars: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch of Vertigo Building, Polaris 2-
4 
rue 
Eugene 
Ruppert, 
2453 
Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg/ The Bank of New York Mellon, New 
York Branch of 240 Greenwich Street, New York, 
NY 10286, United States of America] 
8. 
Distribution 
(i) Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Specify name(s)][Not Applicable] 
(iii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Specify name(s)] [Not Applicable] 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of Relevant 
Dealer: 
[Specify name(s)] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S [Compliance Category 2]][Rule 
144A][Section4(a)(2)][Specify other] 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
9. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 66 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes shall complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of the 
content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
(the "Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 10 March 2021 between the Issuer, 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (the "Guarantor") as guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor principal paying agent), The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch as exchange agent 
(the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor exchange agent) and as U.S. registrar 
(the "U.S. Registrar", which expression shall include any successor U.S. registrar), The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as non-U.S. registrar (the "Non-U.S. Registrar", which expression 
shall include any successor non-U.S. registrar and, together with the U.S. Registrar, the "Registrars"), the 
other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and a transfer agent and the other 
transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrars, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons 
or talons. Definitive Bearer Notes repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of 
the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Global 
Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") for 
the purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of this Note has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a 
guarantee (such Guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Guarantee") dated 10 March 2021 and executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is held 
by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders at 
its specified office.

--- Page 67 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference 
herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are: (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 10 March 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed 
of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") dated 10 March 2021 made 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrars and the other 
Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such agents and the Registrars, being together referred to as the 
"Agents"). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of the 
Issuer and of the Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this 
Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or 
more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Guarantee, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and, provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination And Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and 
vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and 
the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue

--- Page 68 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or 
the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder 
of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes 
under the Agency Agreement and the Notes, except to the extent that in accordance with DTC's 
published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or 
beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may be approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other 
participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on 
behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in 
another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for 
the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and 
in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers 
of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited 
to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee 
of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may 
be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer: (i) the holder or holders must: (A) 
surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with 
the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and (B) complete and deposit such other

--- Page 69 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent; and (ii) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title 
and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrars may from time to time prescribe 
(such initial regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as 
may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, 
or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be 
imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder 
of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United 
States or who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a written certification substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer 
Certificate"), copies of which are available from the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or beneficial interest therein to 
the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, 
together with, in the case of (B), a duly executed investment letter from the 
relevant transferee substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an 
"IAI Investment Letter"); or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer or the Principal 
Paying Agent may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of 
any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 70 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in 
global or definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery 
only through a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period: (i) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a 
participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC; and (ii) such certification 
requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global 
Note, upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a duly completed Transfer 
Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in 
accordance with Regulation S and that in the case of a Regulation S Global Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior 
to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the 
Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes 
is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without 
certification; or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to 
delivery to the relevant Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to an Institutional 
Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed IAI Investment Letter 
from the relevant transferee; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer or the Principal 
Paying Agent may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of 
any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or 
outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs 
or non-U.S. investors through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
appropriate, and the relevant Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are the subject of 
such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, where 
applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request 
for removal of the legend, the relevant Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or 
refuse to remove the legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such 
satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer or the Principal Paying 
Agent, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the legend nor the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the 
provisions of the Securities Act. 
(g) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited 
Investors, may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same 
type at any time.

--- Page 71 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends forty days after the later 
of the commencement of the offering of each Tranche of Notes and the completion of the 
distribution of all Notes of such Tranche; 
"Institutional Accredited Investor" means accredited investors (as defined in Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to 
Institutional Accredited Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or 
represented by a Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in 
accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A; 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the 
United States or to QIBs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the 
Guarantor shall procure that no Material Subsidiary will create or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each, a "Security Interest"), other than a Permitted 
Security Interest, upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets 
or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the 
same time or prior thereto according to the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons the same security 
as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness or such other security as shall 
be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.

--- Page 72 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: "Financial 
Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, 
in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a lease; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(g) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit 
from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); 
(h) 
any amount raised under a transaction carried out in compliance with Shari'a principles; 
(i) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(j) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (h) (inclusive) above. 
"Infrastructure Sharing Arrangement" means an arrangement entered into by the Guarantor or 
any Material Subsidiary for the sale and leaseback of any assets used in the operation of its 
business. 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than a Project 
Financed Entity) whose net assets are more than 5 per cent. of the consolidated net assets of the 
Guarantor. For the purposes of this definition, the assets of the relevant Subsidiary will be 
determined from its latest audited financial statements. If there is a dispute as to whether or not a 
company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the auditors of the company will be, in the 
absence of manifest error, conclusive. 
"Non-recourse Project, Securitisation or Asset Financing" means any securitisation (Islamic or 
otherwise) of existing or future assets, or the financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, 
construction or development of any project or asset, provided that: (i) any Security Interest given 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is limited solely to assets of the 
securitisation, the project or to the value of the asset (as applicable); (ii) the person or persons 
participating in such securitisation or providing such financing expressly agrees or agree to limit 
their recourse to the project or asset (as applicable) so securitised or financed and the revenues 
derived from such project or asset (as applicable) as the principal source of repayment for the 
moneys advanced; and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material 
Subsidiary in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation or financing. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of any Notes; 
(b) 
any Security Interest upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of a person and/or its

--- Page 73 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
subsidiaries existing at the time that such person is merged into or consolidated with the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor, provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or consolidation and does not 
extend to any other assets or property of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the 
Guarantor; 
(c) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor and not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition; 
(d) 
any Security Interest created pursuant to a Shari'a compliant financing; 
(e) 
any Security Interest upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of a person and/or its 
subsidiaries created in connection with any Non-recourse Project, Securitisation or Asset 
Financing; 
(f) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or any 
Material Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements including, but not 
limited to, any cash management and hedging activities; 
(g) 
any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading; 
(h) 
any Security Interest arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale 
arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, or any Material Subsidiary in the ordinary course of trading and on 
the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Material Subsidiary (as applicable); 
(i) 
any Security Interest created in connection with any Infrastructure Sharing Arrangement; 
or 
(j) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of the preceding 
subparagraphs (a) through (c) (inclusive), provided that, with respect to any such Security 
Interest incurred pursuant to this subparagraph (j), the principal amount secured has not 
increased and the Security Interest has not been extended to any additional property (other 
than the proceeds of such property), in each case, provided that the amount of any 
Relevant Indebtedness secured by any such Security Interest (either alone or when 
aggregated with the amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured by the other Security 
Interests permitted pursuant to subparagraphs (a) through (i) (inclusive) above) does not 
exceed 30 per cent. of the book value of the consolidated total assets of the Guarantor and 
its consolidated Subsidiaries, as shown in the most recent audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries. 
"Project Financed Entity" means any Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) of 
the Guarantor which has incurred Project Finance Indebtedness and no other Financial 
Indebtedness, provided that a Project Financed Entity shall not include any Subsidiary or joint 
venture (to the extent consolidated) of the Guarantor with commercial operations (including 
commercial operations through a subsidiary) in Indonesia, Kuwait, Oman or Qatar. For the 
purposes of this definition, a Project Financed Entity shall cease to be a Project Financed Entity 
(and may not be redesignated a Project Financed Entity) at such time as: (i) it incurs any Financial 
Indebtedness other than Project Finance Indebtedness; (ii) it has no Project Finance Indebtedness 
outstanding; or (iii) the Guarantor determines that such Project Finance Entity is no longer a Project 
Finance Entity. 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness incurred by a Subsidiary or 
joint venture (to the extent consolidated) of the Guarantor to finance the ownership, acquisition, 
construction, development and/or operation of assets (or any refinancing thereof) to the extent to 
which the person or persons to whom such Financial Indebtedness is, or may be, owed have no 
recourse whatsoever for the repayment of or payment of such Financial Indebtedness, other than:

--- Page 74 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(a) 
recourse to that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) for amounts limited 
to the aggregate cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash flow or historic net 
cash flow) from such assets; and/or 
(b) 
recourse to that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated), which recourse is 
limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages required to be 
calculated in a specified way) for breach of an obligation, representation or warranty (not 
being a payment obligation, representation or warranty or an obligation, representation or 
warranty to procure payment by another or an obligation, representation or warranty to 
comply or to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios or other test of 
financial condition) by the person against whom such recourse is available; and/or 
(c) 
if that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) has been established 
specifically for the purpose of constructing, developing, owning and/or operating the 
relevant asset or that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) has been 
established specifically for the purpose of constructing, developing, owning and/or 
operating a specific asset and the relevant asset, construction or development is to further 
develop or equip that asset and that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) 
owns no other significant assets and carries on no other business, recourse to all of the 
assets and undertaking of that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) and 
the shares in the capital of that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated); 
and/or 
(d) 
any guarantee given by any Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) of the 
Guarantor for Project Finance Indebtedness, provided that the recourse to that Subsidiary 
or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) under that guarantee is limited to its shares in 
a Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) of the Guarantor referred to in 
subparagraph (c). 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means: (i) any present or future Financial Indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities (including trust certificates) which are for the time 
being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market; and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness. 
"Subsidiary" means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or 
indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership and "control" 
for the purposes of this definition means the power to direct the management and the policies of 
the entity whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 75 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)"is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(iii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12-
30 day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the

--- Page 76 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to Euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which 
expression shall, in the Conditions, mean the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur; or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Payment Date: (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis; or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event: (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; 
or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 77 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either: (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollars or New Zealand 
Dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the 
"TARGET2 System") is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and 
under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either: (i) if the applicable Floating 
Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate 
("LIBOR") or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
("EURIBOR"), the first day of that Interest Period; or (ii) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" 
and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions.

--- Page 78 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate 
of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement provides that if the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or if, in the case of (1) above, no offered quotation appears or, 
if, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the Specified Time, the Principal Paying Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
The Agency Agreement further provides that, if on any Interest 
Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to the Principal Paying 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR) or the Euro zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference

--- Page 79 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Specified Time" and 
"Reference Banks" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
Agency Agreement. 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided that, if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer shall determine as appropriate for 
such purposes. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (i) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate; and 
(ii) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii) 
(Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes) is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest.

--- Page 80 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, will at or as soon 
as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the 
aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
D
 - 
2
(D
 +
 
)]
1
M
 - 
2
(M
 
 
[30
 +
 
)]
1
Y
 - 
2
(Y
 
 
[360


 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 81 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
D
 - 
2
(D
 +
 
)]
1
M
 - 
2
(M
 
 
[30
 +
 
)]
1
Y
 - 
2
(Y
 
 
[360


 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and "D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
1
D
 - 
2
(D
 + 
)]
1
M
 - 
2
(M
 
 
[30
 + 
)]
1
Y
 - 
2
(Y
 
 
[360


 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 82 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless: (i) that day is the last day of February; or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, 
expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless: (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(viii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(ix) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(b), whether by the 
Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error or proven error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default 
or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and 
otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant

--- Page 83 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
 If the Issuer or the Guarantor determines a Benchmark Event has occured in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall notify the 
Agents and Calculation Agent and use its reasonable endeavours to select and 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, no later than 
10 Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination Date, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(e)(ii)), and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(ii)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(e) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In 
the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes), the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(e).   
If (A) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is unable to select and 
appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(e) prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 5(e). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines and notifies the Agents and Calculation 
Agent prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the next relevant 
Interest Determination Date that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(e)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5(e)).

--- Page 84 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the Agents and the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 5(e) and the Independent Adviser, 
determines and notifies to the Agents and the Calculation Agent (A) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(e)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(e)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The Agents shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer concur with the Issuer 
in effecting any Benchmark Amendments as may be required in order to give 
effect of this Condition 5(e) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be 
treated as being within the scope of the Reserved Matters (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement)), subject to receipt by the Agents of the certificate referred 
to in subparagraph (v) below, provided however, that the Principal Paying Agent 
shall not be obliged so to concur if in the sole opinion of any Agent, doing so 
would have the effect of (i) exposing it to any liabilities against which it has not 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Agents. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(e) will be notified promptly by the relevant Issuer to the Agents, the Calculation 
Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date, which shall be not less than 10 
Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination Date,  of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the relevant Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (2) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (3) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (4) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(e); and

--- Page 85 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry 
and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof and shall 
display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(e)(i)-(iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Conditions 5(b)(ii)(A) and 5(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(e)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 86 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by 
such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (i) in the case of 
sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of 
the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, (ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date 
of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (iii) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor 
to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, or in the case of (vi) above, the relevant party, and promptly notified 
to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For 
the avoidance of doubt, none of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising member states of the European Union 
that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(e)(i). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on and including the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest 
Period Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
 in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall 
mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as

--- Page 87 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may 
be specified hereon.  
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified 
Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified 
hereon. 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Period 
Date. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from, and including, the date "r" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, 
the date "r" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Period Date at the end of such Interest Accrual Period (where "r" is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the Shift/Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days)). 
 "Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes. 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is "q" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, as 
applicable (where "q" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the Rate Cut-Off Period specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions hereon. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the interbank 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate.

--- Page 88 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
"Reference Day" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period.  
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such hereon.  
 "Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor 
or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service). 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such hereon. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
 "Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(viii) 
Principal Paying Agent 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5, if in the Principal 
Paying Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 
5, the Principal Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser thereof and the Issuer and the Independent Adviser shall 
direct the Principal Paying Agent in writing as to which alternative course of 
action to adopt. If the Principal Paying Agent is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and the Independent Adviser thereof and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 89 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn 
on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollars or New Zealand 
Dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any 
other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee 
or, at the option of the payee, by a Euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive 
Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other 
than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided 
in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the 
preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided 
in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the 
preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains. Receipts 
presented without the definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Note becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in

--- Page 90 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from 
the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter). 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to 
its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" 
is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of 
each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record 
shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the Registered Note at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined 
below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the relevant Registrar (the 
"Register") at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day 
on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, 
if: (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account; or (ii) the principal amount of the 
Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any 
other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
"Designated Account" means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank 
and identified as such in the relevant Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case 
of payment in a Specified Currency other than Euro) a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) 
and (in the case of a payment in Euro) any bank which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be

--- Page 91 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders of the Registered Note appearing in the relevant Register at the 
close of business on the business day prior to the payment date) before the relevant due 
date (the "Record Date") at his address shown in the relevant Register on the Record Date 
and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the 
relevant Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of 
a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to 
relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes 
which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time 
as the relevant Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of 
the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final instalment 
of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being 
lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the 
relevant Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars 
shall be paid by transfer by the relevant Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified 
Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and 
payment in U.S. Dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. Dollars, such U.S. Dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due;

--- Page 92 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under U.S. law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day 
which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
London; and 
(C) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
either: (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation, London and 
any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
Dollars or New Zealand Dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated 
in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars and registered in the name of DTC 
or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest 
in such Registered Global Note) has elected to receive any part of such payment 
in U.S. Dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts)); and

--- Page 93 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 8 (Taxation). 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency 
on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
8 (Taxation) or the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to 
procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to 
pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that, no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, two Directors of the Guarantor, stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion 
of independent legal advisors of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as 
a result of such change or amendment which shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph Condition 7(f) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and

--- Page 94 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
relevant Registrar(s); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
"Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list 
of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to 
this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount (each as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this 
Condition 7(d) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if 
this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b) (Transfers of Registered Notes - 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, 
the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them 
to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC from time to time and, if this Note is represented by

--- Page 95 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to 
this Condition 7(d) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its 
option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7(d) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
(e) 
Redemption for Change of Control (Change of Control Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and a Change of 
Control Event occurs, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Put Date at an amount equal to 100 per 
cent. of the principal amount of such Note together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the Put Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 
7(e) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
Immediately upon the Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Event. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if 
this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed Put Notice in which the holder must specify 
a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b) (Transfers of Registered Notes – 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, 
the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them 
to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC from time to time and, if this Note is represented by 
a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to 
this Condition 7(e) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its 
option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7(e) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default).

--- Page 96 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Change of Control Event" means that the State of Qatar either ceases to have 
direct or indirect ownership of at least 50.1 per cent. of the issued share capital of 
the Guarantor or ceases to have direct or indirect ownership of such amount of 
shares in the capital of the Guarantor as carry at least 50.1 per cent. of the voting 
rights normally exercisable at a general assembly (or general meeting) of the 
Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
"Put Date" means the first Business Day after the expiry of the notice given by 
the holder of the Note pursuant to this Condition 7(e). 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7(b) (Redemption and Purchase-Redemption for tax reasons) 
and Condition 10 (Events of Default), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment 
Note and a Partly Paid Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may 
be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 
AY)y
 +
 
(1
 
 
RP
 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; and 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
(g) 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. 
In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined 
pursuant to Condition 7(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts). 
(h) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition as supplemented and completed by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the

--- Page 97 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the relevant Registrar for 
cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 7(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Purchases) above (together with all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7(a) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
maturity), Condition 7(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)), Condition 7(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)) and Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put)), or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
amount calculated as provided in Condition 7(f)(iii) (Redemption and Purchase – Early 
Redemption Amounts) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption 
or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the relevant Registrar(s) and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
such event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as 
shall be necessary in order that payments received by the holder will equal the amounts that the 
holder would have received, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, with respect 
to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a 
Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below), 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(f) (Payments – Payment Day)). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 8, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
any paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of 
FATCA.

--- Page 98 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means Bermuda or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by the 
Issuer) or Qatar or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (in the case of payments by the Guarantor). 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) 
(Payments – Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Payments – Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons). 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal 
and fourteen days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under 
these Conditions or, in the case of the Guarantor, the Guarantee and (except in any case 
where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next 
following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if: (a) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary 
becomes capable of being declared due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event 
of default (however described); (b) the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary fails 
to make any payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness on the due date (as extended 
by any originally applicable grace period) for payment; (c) any Security Interest given by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary for any Financial Indebtedness becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce the Security Interest (including the taking of 
possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person, but 
excluding the issue of any notification to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, that such Security Interest has become enforceable); or (d) 
default is made by the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary in making any 
payment due under any guarantee and/ or indemnity given by it in relation to any Financial 
Indebtedness of any other person, provided that no event described in this subparagraph 
(iii) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Financial Indebtedness or other relative 
liability due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other 
amounts of Financial Indebtedness and/or liabilities due and unpaid relating to all (if any) 
of the events specified in (a) to (d) (inclusive) above which have occurred and are 
continuing, amounts to at least U.S.$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); 
or

--- Page 99 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save in 
connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save in connection with a 
Permitted Reorganisation, or if the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits its inability to pay its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to 
or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; 
or 
(vi) 
if: (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of 
an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary or, as the case 
may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them; and (b) in any case (other than 
the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within thirty days; or 
(vii) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors), save in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or 
(viii) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or may have, 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (iv) to (vii) above; or 
(ix) 
if the Issuer ceases to be a subsidiary wholly-owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the Guarantor; or 
(x) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, in full 
force and effect, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal 
Paying Agent, declare any Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and 
payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
In this Condition, the following expression shall have the following meaning: 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means: 
(A) 
any disposal by a Material Subsidiary of the whole or a substantial part of its business, 
undertaking or assets to the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor; 
(B) 
any amalgamation, consolidation or merger of a Material Subsidiary with the Guarantor 
or any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor; or

--- Page 100 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
(C) 
any amalgamation, consolidation, restructuring, merger or reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by 
the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
12. 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as any Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent, which may be the Principal Paying Agent, and a Transfer Agent, which may be the 
relevant Registrar, with a specified office in the place required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange or any other relevant authority;  
(b) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a relevant Registrar; and  
(c) 
so long as any Registered Global Notes are registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, 
there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(e) (Payments – General provisions 
applicable to payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect 
(other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated 
or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date 
for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on

--- Page 101 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the relevant Register and will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication 
by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the relevant Registrar(s) (in the case of Registered 
Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal 
Paying Agent, the relevant Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, 
as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor and shall be convened 
by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying 
the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling 
the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency 
of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons in each case, other than any changes arising 
from the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or any Benchmark Amendment (each a "Reserved 
Matter")), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-
thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of 
the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.

--- Page 102 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer (following consultation with the Guarantor) may agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter), of the Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Guarantor), not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed 
of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Guarantor): (i) of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(ii) is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law. 
In addition, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(e), vary or amend these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to certain Benchmark Amendments without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders as described in Condition 5(e) and the Agents shall 
agree to such variations or amendments on the basis set out in Condition 5(e). Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with any of the above are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Dispute resolution 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 18(b)(ii), any dispute, claim, difference or controversy 
arising out of, relating to or having any connection with the Notes, the Receipts 
and/or the Coupons (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally resolved 
by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules (the "Rules") of the 
London Court of International Arbitration ("LCIA"), which Rules (as amended 
from time to time) are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Condition. 
For these purposes: 
(A) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
(B) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the 
arbitration, shall have no connection with any party thereto and shall be 
an attorney experienced in international securities transactions. The

--- Page 103 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one arbitrator and both 
arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the 
chairman of the tribunal. In cases where there are multiple claimants 
and/or multiple respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class 
of respondents jointly shall each nominate one arbitrator. Without 
prejudice to Article 8 of the LCIA Rules, in the event that one party or 
both fails to nominate an arbitrator within the time limits specified by the 
Rules, such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed by the LCIA. If the party 
nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third arbitrator within 15 days 
of the appointment of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be 
appointed by the LCIA; and 
(C) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding Condition 18(b)(i) above, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or any Couponholders (where permitted to do so) may, in the alternative, and at 
its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Issuer: 
(A) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the 
Rules); or 
(B) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and/or Couponholders give such notice, the Dispute to which such 
notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 18(b)(iii) and, 
subject as provided below, any arbitration commenced under Condition 18(b)(i) 
in respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each person who gives such notice 
and the recipient of that notice will bear its own costs in relation to the terminated 
arbitration. 
If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in 
respect of any Dispute, the Noteholders, Receiptholders and/or Couponholders, 
as the case may be, must also promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any 
Tribunal (each as defined in the Rules) already appointed in relation to the 
Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the courts. Upon receipt of such notice 
by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment of any arbitrator in 
relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any such arbitrator will be 
deemed to be functus officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
(A) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the 
court in support of that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(B) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(C) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of 
applying any limitation bar or any similar rule or provision. 
(iii) 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 18(b)(ii) is issued, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
subject to paragraph (C) below, the courts of England shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any Dispute and the Issuer submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(B) 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary; and 
(C) 
this Condition 18(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders only. As a result, and 
notwithstanding paragraph (A) above, the Noteholders, Receiptholders

--- Page 104 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
and any Couponholders (where permitted to do so) may take proceedings 
relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with 
jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders may take concurrent Proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor have appointed Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited at its registered office at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX as its 
agent for service of process, and undertake that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings 
or Disputes and notify the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders of such 
appointment in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Nothing herein shall affect the 
right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Waiver of immunity 
The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from 
jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally 
consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without 
limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order, judgment or award made or given in 
connection with any Proceedings or Disputes. 
(e) 
Other Documents and the Guarantor 
The Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll made provision for governing law, 
arbitration, submission, process agent appointment and waiver of immunity in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 105 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by Ooredoo within the Group for general corporate 
purposes, including, amongst other things, refinancing existing indebtedness.

--- Page 106 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
CAPITALISATION OF THE GROUP 
The following table sets out the Group's consolidated capitalisation, bank balances and cash and short term 
debt as at 31 December 2020. The information provided was derived from the Group's Consolidated 
Financial Statements as at 31 December 2020 and should be read in conjunction with "Management's 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the Consolidated Financial 
Statements included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
Bank balances and cash(1) ............................................................................................................... 
15,678.5 
4,305.5 
Debt: 
 
 
Short-term debt(2) ............................................................................................................................ 
6,285.7 
1,726.1 
Long-term debt(3) ............................................................................................................................ 
30,589.5 
8,400.2 
Total debt ...................................................................................................................................... 
36,875.2 
10,126.4 
Equity: 
 
 
Share capital ................................................................................................................................... 
3,203.2 
879.6 
Legal reserve .................................................................................................................................. 
12,434.3 
3,414.6 
Fair value reserve ........................................................................................................................... 
410.9 
112.8 
Employees' benefit reserve ............................................................................................................. 
(11.3) 
(3.1) 
Translation reserve ......................................................................................................................... 
(7,869.7) 
(2,161.1) 
Other statutory reserves .................................................................................................................. 
1,304.3 
358.2 
Retained earnings ........................................................................................................................... 
13,277.8 
3,646.2 
Non-controlling interests ................................................................................................................ 
5,451.3 
1,497.0 
Total equity ................................................................................................................................... 
28,200.8 
7,744.3 
Total capitalisation(4) .................................................................................................................... 
58,790.3 
16,144.5 
 _______________  
(1) Comprises cash and bank balances, call deposits and short-term deposits with banks that management believes are readily 
convertible into cash and restricted bank deposits of QR936.1 million (U.S.$257.1 million). 
(2) Comprises loans and borrowings and lease liabilities with a maturity of up to 12 months, net of deferred financing costs. 
(3) Comprises loans and borrowings and lease liabilities with a maturity of greater than 12 months, net of deferred financing costs. 
(4) 
Total equity plus long-term debt.

--- Page 107 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer was incorporated as an exempted company limited by shares in Bermuda under the Companies 
Act on 8 May 2009 under the name QTEL International Finance Limited (with registered number 43194) 
and changed its name on 15 November 2011 to Qtel International Finance Limited and subsequently 
changed its name on 3 March 2014 to Ooredoo International Finance Limited. The registered office of the 
Issuer is at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda, telephone number +1 
441 294 8000. The issued share capital of the Issuer is comprised of 100 common shares of par value 
U.S.$1.00 each. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
The principal objects of the Issuer are unrestricted and, as set out in paragraph 7 of its Memorandum of 
Association, the Issuer has the following powers: 
 
the powers of a natural person; 
 
subject to the provisions of Section 42 of the Companies Act, the powers to issue preference shares 
which at the option of the holders thereof are liable to be redeemed; 
 
the powers to purchase its own shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 42A of the 
Companies Act; and 
 
the powers to acquire its own shares to be held as treasury shares in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 42B of the Companies Act. 
The rights of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as a shareholder in the Issuer are contained in the memorandum of 
association and the bye-laws of the Issuer and the Issuer will be managed in accordance with such 
memorandum of association and bye-laws and with the provisions of Bermuda law, including, but not 
limited to, the Companies Act. 
The Issuer was established to raise capital by the issue of the Notes. 
The Issuer has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those incidental to: (i) its 
registration as an exempted company; (ii) the authorisation of the establishment and/or update of the 
Programme and issue of any Notes under the Programme; (iii) the ownership of such interests and other 
assets referred to herein; (iv) the other matters contemplated in this Base Prospectus; (v) the authorisation 
and execution of the other documents referred to in this Base Prospectus to which it is or will be a party; 
and (vi) other matters which are incidental or ancillary to those activities. 
The Issuer's ongoing activities will principally comprise: (i) the issue of the Notes under the Programme; 
(ii) the entering into of any documents related to the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme; and (iii) the exercise of related rights and powers and other activities referred to in this 
Base Prospectus or reasonably incidental to those activities. 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries, employees or non-executive directors. 
The Directors of the Issuer and their respective business addresses and principal activities are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Principal Activities 
Mr. Ajay Bahri 
Ooredoo Tower, 100 West Bay, 
PO Box 217, Doha, Qatar 
Director 
Ms. Carol Feathers 
Ocorian 
Services 
(Bermuda) 
Limited, Victoria Place, 5th 
Floor, 
31 
Victoria 
Street, 
Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda 
Director 
Mr. Tomas Ramirez Gil 
Ooredoo Tower, 100 West Bay, 
PO Box 217, Doha, Qatar 
Director 
Ocorian Directors I (Bermuda) 
Limited (represented by Damian 
Resnik) 
Ocorian 
Services 
(Bermuda) 
Limited, Victoria Place, 5th 
Floor, 
31 
Victoria 
Street, 
Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda  
Director;

--- Page 108 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
The Corporate Administrator and Company Secretary of the Issuer is Ocorian Services (Bermuda) Limited, 
whose business address is Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors, 
Corporate Administrator and Company Secretary of the Issuer listed above and their duties to the Issuer. 
The Corporate Services Provider of the Issuer is Ocorian Services (Bermuda) Limited, whose principal 
business address is Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda. Its duties 
include the provision of registered office and company secretarial and related services. 
The Issuer, Ooredoo and the Corporate Services Provider have entered into a corporate services agreement 
(the "Corporate Services Agreement") on 21 May 2009 pursuant to which the Corporate Services 
Provider agreed to provide certain administrative services to the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement, either the Issuer or the Corporate Services 
Provider may, on not less than three months' prior written notice, terminate the Corporate Services 
Agreement, provided that either the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Corporate Services Provider, may 
terminate the Corporate Services Agreement forthwith by written notice on the occurrence of certain events 
of default by the other party. 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Bermuda law. 
The Issuer's Financial Statements in respect of the periods ending on 31 December 2018 and 2019 are 
included in this Base Prospectus on pages F-1 to F-57. The financial year of the Issuer ends on 31 December 
in each year. 
The independent auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte & Touche, Qatar Branch, who were appointed as the 
independent auditors of the Issuer in 2016 as part of the Group's five-year audit firm rotation.

--- Page 109 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer's selected historical financial data as at and for the periods ending 31 December 2018 and 2019 
set forth below has been derived from the Issuer's Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The selected historical financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with, and are qualified 
by reference to the Issuer's Financial Statements. The results of operations for any period are not 
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. 
Statement of Profit or Loss Data 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ thousands) 
Finance income .............................................................................................................................  
 232,379.0  
 205,531.0  
Finance costs .................................................................................................................................  
 (232,379.0) 
(205,531.0) 
General administrative expenses ...................................................................................................  
— 
 (16.0) 
Profit for the year ........................................................................................................................  
— 
(16.0) 
 
Statement of Financial Position Data 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ thousands) 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to parent company ......................................................................................  
 4,209,086.0  
 4,214,750.0  
Current assets 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to parent company ......................................................................................  
 599,258.0  
—   
Amounts due from parent company ............................................................................................  
 57,212.0  
 54,587.0  
Total assets .................................................................................................................................  
 4,865,556.0  
 4,269,337.0  
Equity 
 
 
Share capital* ...............................................................................................................................  
 —   
—   
Shareholders contribution………………………………………………………... 
  —   
 14.0  
Accumulated losses……………………………………………………………… 
  —   
 (16.0) 
Total equity ................................................................................................................................  
  —   
 (2.0) 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings .........................................................................................................  
 4,209,086.0  
 4,214,750.0  
Current liabilities 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings .........................................................................................................  
 599,258.0  
—   
Interest payable and accrued expenses ........................................................................................  
 57,212.0  
 54,587.0  
Accruals………………………………………………………………………….. 
 —   
 2.0  
Total liabilities ...........................................................................................................................  
 4,865,556.0  
 4,269,339.0  
Total equity and liabilities ........................................................................................................  
 4,865,556.0  
 4,269,337.0  
 
Statement of Cash flows Data 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ thousands) 
Net cash used in operating activities ...........................................................................................  
 —   
(14.0) 
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities .................................................................................  
225,375.0 
 799,125.0  
Net cash (used in)/from financing activities ................................................................................  
 (225,375.0)   
 (799,111.0) 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................  
 —   
 —   
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December .............................................................................  
 —   
 —   
 _______________  
* 
The share capital of the Issuer is U.S.$100.

--- Page 110 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP 
Ooredoo's selected historical consolidated financial data as of and for the years ended  31 December 2018, 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 set forth below has been derived from the Consolidated 
Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The selected historical consolidated financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with, and 
are qualified by reference to, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations" and the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group. The results of operations for any 
period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. 
Statement of profit or loss 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Revenue ...................................................................................... 
29,926.7 
29,915.5 
28,866.6 
7,927.1 
Operating expenses ..................................................................... 
(11,803.5) 
(11,031.2) 
(10,806.1) 
(2,967.5) 
Selling, general and administrative expenses .............................. 
(6,409.7) 
(6,094.2) 
(5,966.0) 
(1,638.3) 
Depreciation and amortisation ..................................................... 
(8,000.5) 
(8,587.6) 
(8,245.5) 
(2,264.3) 
Net Finance costs ........................................................................ 
(1,732.8) 
(2,087.7) 
(1,895.6) 
(520.6) 
Impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets and other assets  
(171.4) 
(345.8) 
(448.5) 
(123.2) 
Other income – net ...................................................................... 
469.3 
1,311.6 
470.6 
129.2 
Share of results in associates and joint ventures – net of tax ....... 
488.7 
57.1 
35.3 
9.7 
Royalties and fees ....................................................................... 
(489.2) 
(491.6) 
(385.7) 
(105.9) 
Profit before income tax............................................................ 
2,277.7 
2,646.1 
1,625.0 
446.2 
Income tax ................................................................................... 
(485.0) 
(422.1) 
(203.1) 
(55.8) 
Profit for the year ...................................................................... 
1,792.7 
2,224.0 
1,421.9 
390.5 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent ....................................................... 
1,565.1 
1,724.8 
1,126.5 
309.4 
Non-controlling interests ......................................................... 
227.7 
499.2 
295.5 
81.1 
Basic and Diluted Earnings per share 
 
 
 
 
(attributable to shareholders of the parent) (expressed in QR 
and U.S.$ per share) ................................................................. 
0.5 
0.5 
 
0.4 
 
0.1 
 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment………………………………… 
27,207.5 
27,045.0 
26,120.1 
7,172.9 
Intangible assets and goodwill………………………………… 
26,656.7 
26,319.9 
26,454.9 
7,264.8 
Right-of-use assets…………………………………………….. 
— 
6,033.8 
6,710.4 
1,842.7 
Investment property…………………………………………… 
52.8 
58.0 
46.6 
12.8 
Investment in associates and joint ventures…………………… 
2,146.9 
1,971.9 
1,695.5 
465.6 
Financial assets – equity instruments………………………….. 
947.2 
904.4 
789.0 
216.7 
Other non-current assets………………………………………. 
859.0 
732.2 
740.3 
203.3 
Deferred tax asset…………………………………………….... 
569.9 
658.9 
643.1 
176.6 
Contract costs and assets………………………………………. 
151.8 
195.0 
188.8 
51.8 
Total non-current assets……………………………………... 
58,591.9 
63,919.2 
63,388.8 
17,407.3 
Current assets 
 
 
 
 
Inventories…………………………………………………….. 
643.1 
557.3 
397.8 
109.2 
Contract costs and assets………………………………………. 
312.1 
345.9 
367.2 
100.8 
Trade and other receivables…………………………………… 
8,233.5 
8,360.8 
7,612.9 
2,090.6 
Bank balances and cash……………………………………….. 
17,493.3 
14,716.1 
15,678.5 
4,305.5 
Assets held for sale……………………………………………. 
25.7 
82.2 
291.9 
80.2 
Total current assets…………………………………………... 
26,707.6 
24,062.4 
24,348.3 
6,686.3 
Total assets……………………………………………………. 
85,299.5 
87,981.6 
87,737.1 
24,093.7 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Share capital…………………………………………………… 
3,203.2 
3,203.2 
3,203.2 
879.6 
Legal reserve…………………………………………………... 
12,434.3 
12,434.3 
12,434.3 
3,414.6 
Fair value reserve……………………………………………… 
606.3 
550.8 
410.9 
112.8

--- Page 111 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Employees benefit reserve…………………………………….. 
22.0 
6.0 
(11.3) 
(3.1) 
Translation reserve…………………………………………….. 
(7,805.5) 
(7,314.3) 
(7,869.7) 
(2,161.1) 
Other statutory reserves……………………………………….. 
1,252.3 
1,299.5 
1,304.3 
358.2 
Retained earnings……………………………………………… 
12,496.0 
12,947.5 
13,277.8 
3,646.2 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent…………. 
22,208.7 
23,127.0 
22,749.5 
6,247.3 
Non-controlling interests……………………………………… 
5,969.0 
5,978.0 
5,451.3 
1,497.0 
Total equity…………………………………………………… 
28,177.7 
29,105.0 
28,200.8 
7,744.3 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings…………………………………………. 
27,479.4 
25,336.9 
24,325.5 
6,680.1 
Employees' benefits…………………………………………… 
825.6 
766.6 
757.2 
207.9 
Lease liabilities………………………………………………... 
— 
5,692.8 
6,263.9 
1,720.1 
Deferred tax liabilities………………………………………… 
358.3 
340.5 
301.4 
82.8 
Other non-current liabilities…………………………………… 
2,197.5 
2,658.4 
2,550.8 
700.5 
Contract liabilities…………………………………… 
14.1 
11.5 
8.2 
2.3 
Total non-current liabilities…………………………………. 
30,874.9 
34,806.7 
34,207.1 
9,393.7 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings…………………………………………. 
9,279.9 
5,410.3 
5,189.3 
1,425.0 
Lease liabilities………………………………………………...  
— 
956.5 
1,096.5 
301.1 
Trade and other payables……………………………………… 
13,330.4 
13,775.0 
15,613.6 
4,287.7 
Deferred income………………………………………………. 
1,940.6 
2,265.6 
2,154.9 
591.8 
Contract liabilities……………………………………………... 
145.1 
117.8 
192.5 
52.9 
Income tax payable……………………………………………. 
1,550.8 
1,544.8 
1,082.5 
297.3 
Total current liabilities………………………………………. 
26,246.9 
24,069.9 
25,329.2 
6,955.7 
Total liabilities………………………………………………... 
57,121.8 
58,876.6 
59,536.2 
16,349.4 
Total equity and liabilities…………………………………… 
85,299.5 
87,981.6 
87,737.1 
24,093.7 
 
Statement of Cash Flow Summary 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Cash flow statement data: 
 
 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities…………………………….. 
7,867.1 
11,760.1 
11,110.8 
3,051.2 
Net cash used in investing activities…………………………... 
(3,993.6) 
(5,886.9) 
(5,337.7) 
(1,465.8) 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities…………………... 
(4,971.3) 
(8,814.6) 
(3,891.2) 
(1,068.6) 
Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents……... 
(1,097.8) 
(2,941.3) 
1,881.9 
516.8 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations…………………………... 
535.4 
(237.9) 
(626.3) 
(172.0) 
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January…………………….. 
17,095.6 
16,533.1 
13,353.9 
3,667.1 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year/period….. 
16,533.1 
13,353.9 
14,609.5 
4,011.9

--- Page 112 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Certain Non-IFRS Financial Information 
The non-IFRS financial information on the Group set out in the two tables below has not been prepared in 
accordance with IFRS and is not subject to audit or review by the independent auditors.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Adjusted EBITDA(1)………………………………………….. 
12,202.2 
12,847.3 
12,129.7 
3,331.0 
 _______________  
(1) Adjusted EBITDA equals profit for the year adjusted for income tax, depreciation and amortisation, net finance costs, impairment 
losses on goodwill, financial assets and other assets, royalties and fees, and other income/(expenses) - net. Adjusted EBITDA is 
not a measure of profit for the year/period, operating performance or liquidity and is not recognised under IFRS. For a discussion 
of how the Group uses Adjusted EBITDA, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information". 
The following table shows the reconciliation of the Group's profit for the period to Adjusted EBITDA for 
the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020. For a discussion of Adjusted EBITDA, see 
"Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Non-IFRS Measures—Adjusted EBITDA". 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year ...................................................................  
1,792.7 
2,224.0 
1,421.9 
390.5 
Income taxes ....................................................................... ... 
485.0 
422.1 
203.1 
55.8 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................  
8,000.5 
8,587.6 
8,245.5 
2,264.3 
Net finance costs ....................................................................  
1,732.8 
2,087.7 
1,895.6 
520.6 
Impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets and other 
assets ......................................................................................  
171.4 
345.8 
448.5 
123.2 
Royalties and fees ..................................................................  
489.2 
491.6 
385.7 
105.9 
Other income - net(1) ...............................................................  
(469.3) 
 (1,311.6) 
(470.6) 
(129.2) 
Adjusted EBITDA(2) ...............................................................................................  
12,202.2  
 12,847.3  
12,129.7 
3,331.0 
 _______________  
(1) Comprises of foreign currency loss/(gain) – net, Dividend income, rental income, change in fair value of derivatives – net, 
unrealised gain on equity investments at FVTPL, and miscellaneous income – net. See Note 9 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for more information. 
(2) Adjusted EBITDA equals profit for the year adjusted for income tax, depreciation and amortisation, net finance costs, impairment 
losses on goodwill, financial assets and other assets, royalties and fees, and other income/(expenses) - net. Adjusted EBITDA is 
not a measure of profit for the year/period, operating performance or liquidity and is not recognised under IFRS. For a discussion 
of how the Group uses Adjusted EBITDA, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information".

--- Page 113 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion of the Group's financial condition and results of operations should be read in 
conjunction with the information in "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information", "Business 
Description of the Group" and the Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and not rely solely on the 
information set out below. 
This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The 
Group's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements 
as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
particularly under the headings "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors". 
Overview 
The 
Group 
is 
an 
international 
telecommunications 
company 
primarily 
operating 
mobile 
telecommunications networks in 10 markets in the MENA and the Asia Pacific regions, with a total 
customer base of approximately 121 million as at 31 December 2020. The Group's principal markets are in 
Qatar (where it operates through Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.), Indonesia (where it operates through Indosat 
Ooredoo), Iraq (where it operates through Asiacell) and Kuwait (where it operates through Ooredoo 
Kuwait). Together, these four subsidiaries accounted for 71.2 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of 
the Group's consolidated revenue for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 81.7 per cent. of the Group's 
consolidated total assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 31 December 2020. The Group believes it 
has a geographically diverse mobile telecommunications business, with operations in relatively developed 
markets, such as Qatar, Oman and Kuwait and in markets with a potential for high growth, such as Iraq, 
Indonesia and Myanmar. The Group also operates a number of other telecommunications businesses, which 
are complementary to its existing voice or mobile businesses, such as digital television services, wireless 
broadband services, fixed-line telecommunications services and corporate managed services. 
The Group has developed its mobile telecommunications businesses primarily by acquiring and developing 
mobile telecommunications operators with existing network infrastructures (Iraq, Algeria, Kuwait, Tunisia 
and Maldives in 2007 and Indonesia in 2008).  The Group has also sought to expand its business by 
acquiring licences and developing new networks, for example, in Oman in 2005 and in Myanmar in 2013.  
Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market 
Share"), it is one of the three largest providers of mobile telecommunications services in each of its markets, 
including the key markets of Qatar, Indonesia, Kuwait and Iraq, as measured both by revenues and by the 
number of customers as at 31 December 2019. Wireless services, which are predominantly related to the 
Group's mobile telecommunications businesses, contribute the significant majority of the Group's 
consolidated revenue (more than 80 per cent. of the Group's total consolidated revenue for the year ended 
31 December 2020). 
The following table shows selected financial data for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Revenue…………………………………….. 
29,926.7 
29,915.5 
28,866.6 
7,927.1 
Profit for the year/period………………............... 
1,792.7 
2,224.0 
1,421.9 
390.5 
Shareholders of the parent…………………………. 
1,565.1 
1,724.8 
1,126.5 
309.4 
Non-controlling interests…………………………... 
227.7 
499.2 
295.5 
81.1 
 _______________

--- Page 114 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
The following table shows selected other data for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Adjusted EBITDA(1)……………………………….. 
12,202.2 
12,847.3 
12,129.7 
3,331.0 
Total number of customers (in thousands)(2)…….… 
115,225 
117,237 
120,584 
 
 _______________  
(1) Adjusted EBITDA equals profit for the year adjusted for income tax, depreciation and amortisation, net finance costs, impairment 
losses on goodwill, financial assets and other assets, royalties and fees, and other income/(expenses) - net. Adjusted EBITDA is 
not a measure of profit for the year/period, operating performance or liquidity and is not recognised under IFRS. For a discussion 
of how the Group uses Adjusted EBITDA, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information" and for a reconciliation of  
profit for the period to Adjusted EBITDA, see "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information of the Group". 
(2) Each of the Group's operating companies calculates the number of its customers differently. For a discussion of how the Group's 
operating companies calculate customer numbers, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information". Customer number data 
has not been audited or otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
The table below provides certain information in relation to the Group's operations in its four principal 
markets of Qatar, Indonesia, Iraq and Kuwait for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Group Effective 
Shareholding in 
subsidiary as of 31 
December 
Revenue for the year ended 31 December(1) 
Percentage of 
Group's 
consolidated 
revenue for the 
year ended 31 
December(1) 
Number of 
customers as at 31 
December 
Market 
2020 
2020 
2020 
2020 
2020 
 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
(thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
Qatar………………………………….. 
100.0% 
7,072.5 
1,942.2 
24.5% 
3,274.1 
Indonesia……………………………… 
65.0% 
6,983.3 
1,917.7 
24.2% 
60,273.6 
Iraq……………………………………. 
64.1% 
4,019.8 
1,103.9 
13.9% 
14,718.9 
Kuwait……………………………….. 
92.1% 
2,491.5 
684.2 
8.6% 
2,531.0 
 
 _______________  
(1) Before intragroup eliminations. 
The Group's operations in these four principal markets generated QR20,567.1 million (U.S.$5,648.0 
million), or 71.2 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations), of the Group's consolidated revenue for year 
ended 31 December 2020 and contributed 67.0 per cent. of its customers as at 31 December 2020.  For 
information on the Group's operations in each of its markets, see Note 44 "Segment Information" to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Current Trading and Recent Developments  
On 1 February 2021, the elected government of Myanmar was deposed in a military coup d'état, with 
military chief Min Aung Hlaing assuming power and declaring a state of emergency, taking control of the 
country's infrastructure, suspending most television broadcasts and cancelling all domestic and 
international flights, as well as instituting temporary suspensions of telephone and restrictions to internet 
access in major cities. This resulted in widespread civil unrest within the country as well as international 
condemnation and the threat of future sanctions. The Group's operations in Myanmar comprised 7.8 per 
cent of total Group assets and 12.2 per cent. of the Group's total customer base as at 31 December 2020.  
All mobile operators and internet service providers in Myanmar, including Ooredoo Myanmar, are required 
to comply with local law and new directives issued by the Myanmar Ministry of Transport and 
Communications. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group's main priorities continue to be 
supporting Ooredoo Myanmar, ensuring the wellbeing of its employees in the country and providing open 
access to the internet and telecommunications services for its customers in Myanmar. 
On 16 February 2021, the Issuer's U.S.$1 billion 4.75 per cent. fixed rate bonds matured and were repaid. 
Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Overview 
The Group generates most of its revenues from the provision of wireless mobile telecommunication services 
to its customers, which represented more than 80 per cent. of the Group's total consolidated revenue for the

--- Page 115 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
year ended 31 December 2020. The Group's mobile telecommunications services revenues are primarily 
affected by the number of mobile customers it has, churn and ARPU (average revenue per user), each of 
which varies significantly across the markets in which the Group operates. Mobile customer growth in any 
particular market depends on a number of factors, including pricing, quality of service, availability of new 
services, the overall growth of the market, the level of competition to obtain new customers and retain 
existing ones and general economic conditions. The Group believes that many of the markets in which it 
operates have not yet reached the point of saturation, unlike the wireless markets in Europe, for example. 
The ability of each of the Group's operating companies to increase its mobile customer base also depends 
increasingly on its success in providing competitive services and attractive products, its ability to attract 
new mobile customers and to acquire existing customers from competitors and its success in reducing 
churn. ARPU is driven primarily by traffic volume, data services utilisation, interconnection rates and 
tariffs. Tariffs in turn are mainly driven by the competitive and the regulatory environments. Increasingly, 
revenue from data services makes up a greater share of the Group's revenues, accounting for more than 50 
per cent. of its revenues since 2018, including for the year ended 31 December 2020. Similar increases in 
revenue from data services are evident in the wider industry. Accordingly, the Group believes that future 
ARPU growth will be primarily driven by growth in data traffic and value-added services utilisation and 
will be offset by declining tariffs. In addition, as markets mature and penetration increases, the incremental 
revenue expected from marginal customers tends to be lower, and so ARPU in maturing markets tends to 
fall. 
Each of the Group's operating companies calculates its churn and ARPU differently and thus such data is 
not directly comparable. For a discussion of the methods by which the Group's mobile telecommunications 
operating companies calculate the number of their respective customers, churn and ARPU, see 
"Presentation of Financial and Other Information", "—Churn" and "—ARPU". 
The Group also offers fixed-line telecommunications services in Qatar, Indonesia, Oman, Kuwait, 
Maldives, Myanmar and Tunisia. These services include direct exchange services in Qatar, international 
long-distance, cable television and fixed internet services. 
The following is a discussion of the most significant factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, 
the Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
Customer base 
The Group had approximately 121 million total customers globally as at 31 December 2020, a 5.2 per cent. 
increase compared to approximately 115 million total customers as at 31 December 2018. This increase 
was primarily attributable to customer growth in Myanmar, Indonesia and Iraq. Mobile customers 
comprised 99.3 per cent. of the Group's total customer base as at 31 December 2020. 
The table below shows mobile customer information in relation to the Group's principal mobile services 
markets. 
 
Number of Prepaid Mobile Customers 
Number of Postpaid Mobile Customers 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(in thousands) 
Qatar ....................  
2,167.7 
2,126.9 
2,130.7 
725.7 
769.2 
781.6 
Indonesia .............  
56,430.6 
57,783.6 
58,657.0 
1,643.8 
1,510.8 
1,616.7 
Iraq ......................  
14,232.0 
14,162.1 
14,718.9 
—(1) 
—(1) 
—(1) 
Kuwait .................  
1,142.2 
1,368.4 
1,319.4 
454.3 
483.3 
450.8 
Group ..................  
109,165.3 
111,072.1 
113,926.1 
   3,917.6 
4,013.2    
4,558.2 
 _______________  
(1) 
The Group offers limited postpaid services in Iraq.  
The number of its customers has been a significant factor affecting the Group's mobile telecommunications 
revenues during the years under review. The number and usage behaviour of new mobile customers in each 
market varies, depending in part on the pricing packages the Group offers in such markets during a 
particular period relative to those offered by its competitors.  The number of mobile customers is also 
affected by regulatory decisions, such as the policy during the course of 2017 and 2018 introduced by the 
government of Indonesia to begin more strictly enforcing a regulation requiring mandatory registration (and 
re-verification) of SIM cards, which had a substantial effect on the total number of mobile subscribers in 
Indonesia, including Indosat Ooredoo, which experienced a 47.4 per cent. decrease in mobile customer

--- Page 116 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
numbers in 2018 compared to 2017.  See "Business Description of the GroupPrincipal 
OperationsIndonesia". 
As the market penetration for mobile customers in regions in which the Group operates increases, the 
average voice usage levels of new customers declines. Several factors have contributed to this trend, 
including increased usage of internet-based messaging services such as WhatsApp, Viber and Facebook, 
rather than voice services, and the various tariff packages the Group has offered to attract such new 
customers. Many new consumer mobile customers typically use data services heavily, but generate less 
mobile voice traffic than the Group's existing mobile customers. Such consumer mobile customers typically 
have higher price sensitivity and are more likely to switch telecommunications operators based on price 
and promotional factors. However, such customers typically use mobile data services more regularly and 
the increase in mobile data revenues as a percentage of total wireless revenues has also been a significant 
factor positively impacting the Group's telecommunications revenues during the periods under review.  
Churn 
"Churn" refers to how the Group measures mobile customer disconnections. Customer disconnections can 
occur on a voluntary basis, when customers switch to competing telecommunications operators which can 
be caused by a number of factors, such as pricing, the availability of data and value-added service offerings 
and quality of service. Customer disconnections also occur when a customer decides that it no longer 
requires, or cannot afford, mobile telecommunications services, or through termination by the Group 
following non-payment by the relevant customer. 
Although the Group has generally experienced relatively stable churn in Qatar, the Group experienced a 
substantial amount of churn in 2018 in Indonesia following the Indonesian government's policy to more 
strictly enforcing a regulation requiring mandatory registration (and re-verification) of SIM cards, which 
had a substantial effect on the total number of mobile subscribers in Indonesia (see "Business Description 
of the GroupPrincipal OperationsIndonesia"). In addition, the Group operates in some markets where 
churn is structurally high due to the relatively high percentage of prepaid customers compared to postpaid 
customers. Many of the Group's markets are also characterised by a high degree of multiple SIM ownership, 
whereby many customers own SIM cards from different operators and frequently switch between networks 
in order to take advantage of the lowest tariffs. Customers may switch to a competing carrier for a few 
hours or days or limit consumption to a restricted set of services on the network in order to optimise their 
monthly telephone bills. This is the case for instance in Indonesia, Tunisia and Algeria. In order to optimise 
its share of revenues among these customers, the Group has emphasised its superior network quality, its 
attractive portfolio of services, and its superior value for money. It has also encouraged prepaid subscribers 
to move to postpaid plans. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – The sectors in which the 
Group competes are subject to rapid and significant changes in technology, and if the Group does not 
continue to provide telecommunications or related services that are useful and attractive to customers, it 
may not remain competitive, and its revenues, results of operations and prospects may be adversely 
affected".  
As each of the Group's operating companies calculate churn differently, these figures are not directly 
comparable and thus the Group does not present in this Base Prospectus its churn rate on a consolidated 
basis. For a description of how the Group's four principal operations calculate churn, see "Presentation of 
Financial and Other Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data—Customers". 
ARPU 
In addition to customer numbers, the revenue generated by the Group's mobile telecommunications services 
is influenced by the amount of revenue generated by each of those customers. ARPU is the measure of total 
service revenues for a given period, divided by the number of months in that period and divided again by 
that period's average total customers. ARPU includes outgoing and incoming voice and data revenues and 
value-added services (such as digital content). In addition, blended ARPU is the weighted average of 
prepaid and postpaid customer ARPU's of wireless services. 
As each of the Group's operating companies calculate ARPU differently, these figures are not directly 
comparable and thus the Group does not present in this Base Prospectus its ARPU on a consolidated basis. 
For a description of how the Group's four principal operations calculate ARPU, see "Presentation of 
Financial and Other Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data—ARPU".

--- Page 117 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Local currency depreciation 
Since 2017, the Group's ARPU (in Qatari Riyal terms) in certain markets and therefore its revenues (in 
Qatari Riyal terms) have been negatively impacted due to the depreciation of emerging market currencies 
(such as the Indonesian Rupiah, the Iraqi Dinar, the Algerian Dinar and the Tunisian Dinar) against the 
U.S. Dollar, and therefore the Qatari Riyal (the Group's reporting currency) which is currently fully pegged 
to the U.S. Dollar. Of all the markets where the Group operates, only Qatar and Oman have currencies that 
are currently pegged to the U.S. Dollar, and the Group's Iraqi, Algerian, Tunisian, and Indonesian 
operations in particular have been exposed to weakening local currencies against the U.S. Dollar, and 
therefore the Qatari Riyal, which has led in some instances to decreases in revenues in Qatari Riyal terms 
in those markets during the periods under review even though revenues may have increased in local 
currency terms. However, the local currency depreciations have also had a positive impact on the Group's 
operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses in the affected markets. See "Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – The Group's business is subject to fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition or results 
of operations".  
Demographic, political and economic trends and the impact of COVID-19 
The Group's revenues are driven by overall market demand for mobile telecommunications services in the 
markets the Group serves, which is in turn directly affected by a number of macroeconomic and other 
trends. In particular, demand for the Group's services depends primarily on a number of demographic, 
political and economic factors, all of which are outside of its control, in particular population growth and 
GDP. The demographic, political and economic dynamics affecting the Group's business vary substantially 
across the markets in which it operates. In addition, a number of these dynamics, such as population growth 
and GDP per capita, can differ significantly between individual countries within a region and this can 
impact upon the number of customers as well as ARPU that the Group can attain in a particular market. 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the associated governmental measures aimed at mitigating the further spread 
of the virus, including restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of workplaces 
and curfews, have resulted in an economic downturn in most of the countries in which the Group operates.  
This has adversely impacted the Group's sales activity and demand in 2020, including a reduction in handset 
sales and reduced revenue from roaming, which has been partially offset by reduced customer churn and 
an increasing use of connectivity products. Although the COVID-19 pandemic did not materially impact 
the Group's results for the year ended 31 December 2020, it contributed to the 3.5 per cent. decrease in 
revenue and the 5.6 per cent. decrease in Adjusted EBITDA from the year ended 31 December 2019 to the 
year ended 31 December 2020. The Group is not currently able to estimate or fully quantify the negative 
effects that the COVID-19 pandemic and associated economic downturn might have on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations if the crisis continues.  
These factors can vary significantly from period to period and do vary significantly from country to country 
and region to region and have historically impacted the Group's results of operations. Future changes in 
these demographic and economic factors could have a material effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – Declines 
in international crude oil prices and natural gas could materially and adversely affect oil-revenue 
dependent economies". 
Competition in the markets in which the Group operates 
The Group faces intensifying competition in the markets in which it operates, both from existing 
competitors and new telecommunications services providers. Increasing competition has also led, in certain 
markets, to declines in the prices the Group is able to charge for its services and may lead to further price 
declines in the future. 
In Qatar, the Group has faced competition since 2009 when Vodafone Qatar began providing mobile 
telecommunications services in the country. In Indonesia, Telkomsel and XL Axiata are the main 
competitors to Indosat Ooredoo's operations; in Iraq, Zain and Korek Telecom are the main competitors to 
Asiacell's operations; and in Kuwait, Zain and stc are the main competitors to Ooredoo Kuwait's operations. 
Competition from these companies has historically resulted in a reduction in the Group's tariffs in those 
markets due to increased promotional offers and the incurrence of additional marketing costs by the Group 
to maintain its customer base in and to maintain revenues from those markets. See "Risk Factors – Risks

--- Page 118 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
Relating to the Group – The Group may face increased competition from new entrants or established 
telecommunications operators in the markets in which it operates".  
Network development and maintenance 
The expansion of capacity in the Group's existing networks, the increase in coverage across the markets in 
which the Group operates, and improvements in network quality, have had a positive impact on the Group's 
revenues. The Group's strategy is to increase its capacity in targeted regions if it believes that there is or 
will be increased demand in that region for its telecommunications services. When the Group makes 
decisions with respect to capacity development it also considers whether the expansion in areas for which 
coverage is provided will have a significant impact on its ability to attract new customers, retain existing 
customers, and/or increase its share of revenues from its existing customers. The Group continues to make 
significant investments to upgrade its networks and improve its quality of service, including in connection 
with the rollout of 5G networks in certain markets. The Group has recently begun offering 5G services in 
Qatar, Kuwait, Oman and Maldives, and expects to incur significant capital expenditures over the coming 
years to expand this to its other markets and to upgrade existing infrastructure and increase its network 
capacity to further support 5G-compatible devices and improve its quality of user experience. For a 
discussion of the Group's capital expenditures, see "—Cash Flow—Capital Expenditures" below.  
Royalties and fees 
Qatar 
In accordance with a Decree by the Minister of Economy and Finance of Qatar in March 2010 and under 
its operating licence granted by the CRA, the Group is liable to pay to the CRA an annual industry fee of 
12.5 per cent. on adjusted profit generated from Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s operations in Qatar, as well as a licence 
fee of 1.5 per cent. of revenues. 
Indonesia 
Indosat Ooredoo is required to pay to the government of Indonesia a telecommunications operation fee of 
0.5 per cent. of adjusted gross revenues per financial year, frequency spectrum fees (based on factors such 
as auction price, bandwidth, inflation, population and index), and, in addition, is required to contribute to a 
fund to finance universal service obligations of 1.25 per cent. of adjusted gross revenue per financial year. 
Iraq 
In accordance with the terms of the licence granted to Asiacell by the CMC to provide mobile 
telecommunications services in Iraq, Under its current licence, Asiacell was required to pay a licence fee 
to the CMC, as well as a regulatory fee of 18.0 per cent. of its gross revenues, reduced to 15.0 per cent. 
provided that the level of Iraqi participation in Asiacell remains at 51.0 per cent. or above. There is ongoing 
dispute between the CMC and Asiacell as to whether Asiacell is a domestic company under Iraqi law and 
therefore is able to benefit from the lower fee rate (see "Business Description of the GroupLitigation 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee"). 
In addition, the CMC has issued letters to Asiacell and other mobile telecommunications operators in Iraq 
requesting them to hold 1.5 per cent. of their gross revenues (excluding local interconnection cost) as a 
universal services fee (see "Business Description of the GroupLitigation Proceedings against Asiacell 
relating to universal services fee"). 
On 31 January 2021, Asiacell executed an annex to its existing licence with the CMC to renew its licence 
for an additional eight years.  The terms of such renewal required Asiacell to pay to the CMC a renewal fee 
of U.S.$233.7 million and all disputed amounts with the CMC. See "Business Description of the 
GroupPrincipal OperationsIraqRegulation". 
Kuwait 
Contributions by Ooredoo Kuwait to the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences, National 
Labour Support Tax and Zakat are recognised as expenses in the period during which Ooredoo Kuwait's 
contribution is legally required.  Ooredoo Kuwait is also required to pay various additional fees to the 
Government of Kuwait and/or the local regulator in respect of various operational aspects of its business, 
including number range fees, spectrum fees utilisation, sub-ISP licences and others.

--- Page 119 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Oman 
In accordance with the terms of the licence granted to Ooredoo Oman to operate wireless 
telecommunications services in Oman, a royalty is payable to the Government of Oman, calculated based 
on percentages of the net of pre-defined sources of revenue and operating expenses (12 per cent. for mobile 
services and 7 per cent. for fixed services, although the latter is expected to increase to 10 per cent. in 2022). 
Potential developments 
If GCC countries continue to suffer declines in oil prices, the governments of those GCC countries may 
seek to increase non-oil related revenues to offset budget deficits, and may take actions such as increasing 
direct or indirect taxes, fees or royalties payable by companies such as Ooredoo. 
International acquisitions, expansion and consolidation 
The acquisition of existing telecommunications providers has been a significant driver of the Group's 
growth in its operations in the past, although the Group has not made any significant acquisitions during 
the periods under review. Generally, the Group's acquisition strategy has involved identifying and acquiring 
assets, either in the form of companies with existing networks or licences to operate a network, in target 
markets and then investing to increase their efficiency and improve both coverage and capacity. Although 
acquisitions of companies with existing networks generally allow for the rapid expansion of capacity and 
immediate generation of cash flow, they often require a greater capital investment than would typically be 
necessary to achieve organic growth. In addition, acquisitions involve risks inherent in identifying and 
assessing the value, strengths and weaknesses of acquisition targets, as well as the potential for significant 
integration and efficiency improvement costs. Significant capital expenditures and risks are also involved 
when the Group acquires a licence to operate and is required to build its own network, as it did, for example, 
in Myanmar in 2014 after successfully acquiring a foreign operator's licence in 2013. 
In addition, although liberalisation of the telecommunications markets provides an opportunity for the 
Group to expand into new markets, it also exposes the Group and its operating companies to greater levels 
of competition, which could have a negative impact on the Group's profitability, particularly in light of the 
relatively higher levels of profit margin experienced by the Group's Qatari operations compared to its 
operations outside Qatar. For example, for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group's Qatari operations 
(on a standalone basis) generated revenue and profit before tax of QR7,072.5 million (U.S.$1,942.2 million) 
and QR1,576.7 million (U.S.$433.0 million), respectively, reflecting a profit margin of 22.3 per cent., 
compared to revenue of QR21,794.1 million (U.S.$5,984.9 million) and profit before tax of QR48.3 million 
(U.S.$13.2 million), respectively, for the Group's operations outside Qatar, reflecting a profit margin of 
negative 1.4 per cent. 
As part of Ooredoo's corporate strategy, the Group regularly reviews its strategic priorities and market 
position across all of its operations and their contribution to the Group. The Group is currently focused on 
extracting value and leveraging synergies from its past acquisitions and optimizing its current portfolio, 
rather than expanding its portfolio. It will however continue to consider and review potential acquisition 
targets, including infrastructure acquisitions if and when they present themselves, as a strategic means of 
entering new markets within the regions in which it operates, increasing its customer numbers and 
expanding its capacity. In addition, the Group may also consider any opportunities in adjacent business, in 
infrastructure spin-offs and/or in-country consolidation in the markets in which it currently operates. 
On 28 December 2020, Ooredoo announced that it had entered into an exclusive and non-legally binding 
memorandum of understanding with CK Hutchison Holdings Limited in relation to a potential transaction 
to combine their respective telecommunications businesses in Indonesia, PT Indosat Tbk and PT Hutchison 
3 Indonesia. The exclusivity period for the memorandum of understanding is valid until 30 April 2021. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, no binding agreement in relation to the possible combination has been 
entered into and Ooredoo is in the early stages of assessing the merits of such a potential transaction. 
Digitalisation 
The Group is increasingly focused on strengthening its core capabilities to drive a successful "digital 
transformation", comprising a change in capabilities, channel mix, customer journeys, simplification of 
products and services portfolio, go-to-market, way of work, competences and culture. Pursuant to this 
strategy, the Group is focused in its core business on strengthening its digital marketing, digital sales and

--- Page 120 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
digital 
customer 
care. 
See 
"Business 
Description 
of 
the 
Group—Telecommunications 
OperationsMarketing and Distribution" and "Business Description of the Group—Telecommunications 
OperationsCustomer Relationship Management". Management does not expect the financial impact to 
be immediately visible since it requires investments and a gradual uptake in the markets, although in the 
future cost effects are expected in commission cost savings, marketing efficiency, call reduction and retail 
footprint reduction. 
The Group is also increasing its offering of digital services supplementary to its core business, including 
operator-branded and non-branded mobile games, music, video on demand, sports updates, news alerts and 
infotainment. In some markets the Group offers more advanced services such as IPTV, mobile money and 
carrier billing facilities for services such as Google Play and Apple Store. Revenue from data services, 
which includes these supplementary offerings, makes up a greater share of the Group's revenues, accounting 
for more than 50 per cent. of its revenues since 2018, including for the year ended 31 December 2020. The 
Group expects that such offerings will be an increasingly important part of its digital strategy. 
Results of operations 
Comparison of the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 
The following tables sets forth selected consolidated statement of profit or loss data for the years ended 
31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Revenue ...................................................................................... 
29,926.7 
29,915.5 
28,866.6 
7,927.1 
Operating expenses ..................................................................... 
(11,803.5) 
(11,031.2) 
(10,806.1) 
(2,967.5) 
Selling, general and administrative expenses .............................. 
(6,409.7) 
(6,094.2) 
(5,966.0) 
(1,638.3) 
Depreciation and amortisation ..................................................... 
(8,000.5) 
(8,587.6) 
(8,245.5) 
(2,264.3) 
Net finance costs ......................................................................... 
(1,732.8) 
(2,087.7) 
(1,895.6) 
(520.6) 
Impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets and other assets  
(171.4) 
(345.8) 
(448.5) 
(123.2) 
Other income/(expenses) – net .................................................... 
469.3 
1,311.6 
470.6 
129.2 
Share of results in associates and joint ventures – net of tax ....... 
488.7 
57.1 
35.2 
9.7 
Royalties and fees ....................................................................... 
(489.2) 
(491.6) 
(385.7) 
(105.9) 
Profit before income taxes ........................................................ 
2,277.7 
2,646.1 
1,625.0 
446.2 
Income tax ................................................................................... 
(485.0) 
(422.1) 
(203.1) 
(55.8) 
Profit for the year ...................................................................... 
1,792.7 
2,224.0 
1,421.9 
390.5 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent ........................................................... 
1,565.1 
1,724.8 
1,126.5 
309.4 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................. 
227.7 
499.2 
295.5 
81.1 
 
Revenue 
The Group derives most of its revenue (more than 80 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2020) from 
providing mobile telecommunications services to its customers. It provides such services in each of the 
markets in which it operates. Mobile telecommunications services revenue principally arises from initial 
connection fees, prepaid cards, monthly subscription fees and airtime usage fees, as well as interconnection 
fees and roaming fees. The Group also generates revenues from providing internet services, international 
gateway services and other miscellaneous services. 
The Group's revenue for the year ended 31 December 2020 was QR28,866.6 million (U.S.$7,927.1 million) 
compared to QR29,915.5 million (U.S.$8,215.2 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019, a decrease 
of 3.5 per cent. This decrease in revenues was partially due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
which resulted in a reduction in revenues from handset sales and roaming revenues (due to COVID-19 
travel restrictions), but also reflected macroeconomic weakness in several of the Group's markets, including 
Qatar, Iraq, Kuwait, partially offset by growth in Indonesia, Myanmar and Palestine.  
The Group's revenue for the year ended 31 December 2019 remained stable at QR29,915.5 million 
(U.S.$8,215.2 million) compared to QR29,926.7 million (U.S.$8,218.2 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2018, in spite of the ongoing industry wide shift from voice to data consumption, a reduction

--- Page 121 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
in handset sales as well as macroeconomic and currency weakness in some of the Group's markets, 
including Qatar and Kuwait, offset by growth in Indonesia, Iraq and others. 
Analysis of the Group's principal geographic markets:  The following table sets forth the Group's revenue 
for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, together with ARPU and customer numbers as at 
31 December 2020 from each of its principal geographic markets, as well as for the Group itself. 
 
Revenue for the year ended 31 December(1) 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
ARPU 
(blended)(2) 
Customer 
numbers(3) 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QR) 
(thousands) 
Qatar ........................................  
7,741.7 
7,300.7 
7,072.5 
1,942.2 
90.2 
3,274.1 
Indonesia ..................................  
5,919.0 
6,727.5 
6,983.3 
1,917.7 
8.3 
60,273.6 
Iraq ...........................................  
4,448.8 
4,572.4 
4,019.8 
1,103.9 
22.3 
14,718.9 
Kuwait ......................................  
2,904.8 
2,772.3 
2,491.5 
684.2 
59.3 
2,531.0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group(4) ...................................  
29,926.7 
29,915.5 
28,866.6 
7,927.1 
—(5) 
120,583.9 
 _______________  
(1) Before intragroup eliminations. 
(2) For the three months ended 31 December 2020. Blended ARPU is calculated based on a weighted average of postpaid and prepaid 
customers for wireless services. ARPU, with respect to the four operations presented, is calculated on different bases and is thus 
not directly comparable. For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—
Industry, Market and Customer Data—ARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise reviewed by external auditors, 
consultants or independent experts. 
(3) As at 31 December 2020, inclusive of wireless and wireline customers. The customer data has not been audited or otherwise 
reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
(4) Includes all Group markets, not limited to those listed above. 
(5) The Group does not calculate ARPU on a consolidated basis. 
 
Revenues for the Group's operations in Qatar decreased by 3.1 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, which itself represented a decrease in revenues of 5.7 
per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2018. These decreases were primarily due to fewer 
handset sales in 2019, and reductions in revenues from handset sales and roaming revenues (due to COVID-
19 travel restrictions) in 2020. 
Revenues for the Group's operations in Indonesia increased by 3.8 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, which itself represented an increase in revenues of 
13.7 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2018. These increases were primarily driven by 
growth in customers (increases of 2 per cent. in 2019 and 2 per cent. in 2020) from enhanced networks and 
simplified price plans. 
Revenues for the Group's operations in Iraq decreased by 12.1 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, primary as a result of the negative impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and the imposition of significant COVID-19-related movement restrictions in the 
country, which resulted in fewer in-store sales to customers during 2020. Revenues for the Group's 
operations in Iraq in the year ended 31 December 2019 increased by 2.8 per cent. compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2018, reflecting general growth in the business. 
Revenues for the Group's operations in Kuwait decreased by 10.1 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, which itself represented a decrease in revenues of 4.6 
per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2018. The overall decrease between 2018 and 2020 was 
primarily due to intense price competition in the Kuwaiti market in both years, fewer handset sales in 2019, 
and the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and COVID-19-related movement restrictions in 
Kuwait in 2020. 
Operating expenses 
Operating expenses are mainly comprised of outpayments, interconnection charges (to other operators in 
the same markets), cost of equipment sold, leased circuit network costs, rental, utilities, regulatory fees, 
repairs and maintenance costs. Operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 were QR10,806.1  
million (U.S.$2,967.5 million) as compared to QR11,031.2 million (U.S.$3,029.3 million) for the year 
ended 31 December 2019, a decrease of 2.0 per cent, primarily due to a decrease in outpayments and

--- Page 122 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
interconnect charges, cost of equipment sold and other services and partially offset by increases in network 
operation and maintenance expenses. Operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 decreased 
to QR11,031.2 million (U.S.$3,029.3 million) from QR11,803.5 million (U.S.$3,241.4 million) for the year 
ended 31 December 2018, a decrease of 6.5 per cent, primarily due to a decrease in rental and utilities 
(which were capitalised in 2019 following the application of IFRS 16) and a decrease in cost of equipment 
sold and other services.  
During the years under review, Ooredoo's operating expenses in Qatar were significantly lower relative to 
revenue generated, compared to the Group's operations outside Qatar. Operating expenses for Ooredoo's 
Qatari operations amounted to 24.7 per cent., 22.2 per cent. and 25.2 per cent. (after intragroup 
eliminations) of the revenue from Ooredoo for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, 
respectively, compared to 44.4 per cent., 41.5 per cent., and 41.3 per cent. (after intragroup eliminations), 
respectively, for the Group's operations outside Qatar during these years. The higher proportion of operating 
expenses relative to revenue for operations outside Qatar primarily reflect the relatively lower ARPU in the 
Group's operations outside Qatar. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee costs including salaries and 
end-of-service benefits, marketing costs, commissions on SIM cards and legal and other professional fees. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 were QR5,966.0 million 
(U.S.$1,638.3 million) as compared to QR6,094.2 million (U.S.$1,673.5 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2019, an decrease of 2.1 per cent, mainly due to a decrease in marketing costs and 
sponsorships and legal and professional fees, partly offset by an increase in commission on cards. Selling, 
general and administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 decreased by 4.9 per cent., from 
QR6,409.7 million (U.S.$1,760.2 million) for the year ended 31 December 2018, primarily due to a 
decrease in administrative rentals and utilities expenses (reflecting that in 2019 following the application 
of IFRS 16, lease rentals are presented as amortisation of right of use assets and interest expense and not as 
administrative rentals), as well as decreases in provision for trade receivable and employee salaries and 
associated costs. 
During the years under review, Ooredoo's total selling, general and administrative expenses, depreciation 
and amortisation expenses for its Qatari operations were significantly lower relative to the revenue 
generated by its Qatari operations as compared to the Group's operations outside Qatar. Total selling, 
general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortisation expenses for Ooredoo's Qatari 
operations amounted to 34.7 per cent., 35.5 per cent., and 35.7 per cent. (after intragroup eliminations) of 
the revenue from Ooredoo's Qatari operations for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, 
respectively, compared to 52.6 per cent., 53.4 per cent. and 53.4 per cent. (after intragroup eliminations), 
respectively, for the Group's operations outside Qatar during those years. The higher general and 
administrative expenses relative to the revenue for operations outside Qatar reflected the relatively lower 
ARPU in the Group's operations outside Qatar. 
Depreciation and amortisation 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, depreciation and amortisation was QR8,245.5 million (U.S.$2,264.3 
million) compared to QR8,587.6 million (U.S.$2,358.3 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019, a 
decrease of 4.0 per cent. This decrease was primarily due to a slowdown in investments in the Group's 
network in the year as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which was reflected in a decrease in depreciation 
on property, plant and equipment and amortisation of intangibles, partially offset by an increase in 
amortisation of right-of-use assets. Depreciation and amortisation for the year ended 31 December 2019 
increased by 7.3 per cent., from QR8,000.5 million (U.S.$2,197.0 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2018, primarily due to an increase in amortisation of right of use assets (which were capitalised in 2019 
following the application of IFRS 16). 
Net finance costs 
Net finance costs consist of interest on the Group's debt reduced by interest income earned. Net finance 
costs for the year ended 31 December 2020 were QR1,895.6 million (U.S.$520.6 million) as compared to 
QR2,087.7 million (U.S.$573.3 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019, a decrease of 9.2 per cent., 
driven by lower debt levels and lower interest rates on U.S. Dollar denominated debt, primarily due to lower 
USD benchmarks in 2020 as compared to 2019. Net finance costs for the year ended 31 December 2019

--- Page 123 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
increased by 20.5 per cent. from QR1,732.8 million (U.S.$475.8 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2018. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the interest costs on leases now recognised as 
finance costs following the Group's implementation in January 2019 of the IFRS 16 accounting standard 
related to leases. The majority of the Group's consolidated debt is owed by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (which 
includes debt held by the Issuer) and Indosat Ooredoo. For a discussion of the Group's liquidity and capital 
resources, see "—Liquidity and Capital Resources". 
Impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets and other assets 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 the Group recognised impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets 
and other assets of QR448.5 million (U.S.$123.2 million) compared to QR345.8 million (U.S.$95.0 
million) for the year ended 31 December 2019 and QR171.4 million (U.S.$47.1 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2018. The increase in impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets and other assets from 
the period from 31 December 2018 to 31 December 2020 was primarily due to the impairment of 
investments recorded in 2019 and 2020 since the recoverable value of these investments based on expected 
cash flows was lower than their carrying value in the books. 
Other income/(expenses) - net 
Other income - net is comprised mainly of dividend income, rental income, gain or loss in fair value of 
derivatives, foreign currency gain or loss and other miscellaneous income. Other income for the year ended 
31 December 2020 was QR470.6 million (U.S.$129.2 million), a decrease of 64.1 per cent. compared to 
QR1,311.6 million (U.S.$360.2 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. The decrease in other 
income in 2020 was mainly a reflection of the one-time gains in 2019 from the sale leaseback transactions 
in Indonesia described below. Other income for the year ended 31 December 2019 increased from an 
expense of QR469.3 million (U.S.$128.9 million) for the year ended 31 December 2018. The increase in 
other income in 2019 was primarily driven by gains from a sale leaseback transaction of approximately 
3,100 towers in Indonesia in October 2019. 
Royalties and fees 
Royalties and fees comprise those royalties and fees payable in Qatar and Oman in connection with the 
terms and conditions of the Group's licences to operate in those countries and Kuwait statutory fees. 
Royalties and fees for the year ended 31 December 2020 were QR385.7 million (U.S.$105.9 million) as 
compared to QR491.6 million (U.S.$135.0 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019, a decrease of 
21.5 per cent. Royalties and fees for the year ended 31 December 2019 increased by 0.5 per cent., from 
QR489.2 million (U.S.$134.3 million) for the year ended 31 December 2018. The decrease in royalties and 
fees in the year ended 31 December 2020 was primarily due to decreases in royalty fees paid to the 
Government of the Sultanate of Oman and other statutory fees paid to Kuwait as a result of decreased profits 
in those markets. 
Of these royalties and fees, QR145.8 million (U.S.$40.1 million) was payable to Qatar for the year ended 
31 December 2020, compared to QR198.4 million (U.S.$54.4 million) and QR206.8 million (U.S.$56.8 
million) in the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, respectively. See "Business Description of the 
Group—Corporate History—Qatari Origins" and "—Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Royalties and fees—Qatar" above for a discussion of Ooredoo's royalty liabilities. 
Profit for the year 
As a result of the factors described above, net profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 was QR1,421.9  
million (U.S.$390.5 million), as compared to QR2,224.0 million (U.S.$610.7 million), for the year ended 
31 December 2019, a decrease of 36.1 per cent. Profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 increased by 
24.1  per cent. from QR1,792.7 million (U.S.$492.3 million) for the year ended 31 December 2018. 
During the years under review, Ooredoo's operations in Qatar were more profitable than the Group's 
operations outside Qatar. Profit before tax as a percentage of revenue from Ooredoo's operations in Qatar 
was 29.7 per cent., 27.4 per cent. and 28.0 per cent. (after intragroup eliminations) for the years ended 
31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, compared to 0.3 per cent., 3.0 per cent. and negative 1.4 
per cent. (after intragroup eliminations), respectively, for the Group's operations outside Qatar taken as a 
whole. The difference in profit margins during the years under review was primarily due to significantly 
lower expenses as a percentage of revenue and relatively higher ARPU in Qatar compared to operations

--- Page 124 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
outside Qatar.   For a breakdown of segment revenue and profitability, see Note 44 "Segment Information" 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
Historically, the Group's principal sources of funding have been cash flow from operations, borrowings 
under loan facilities and bond issuances. The Group has used cash generated from operating activities and 
borrowings to fund its operating costs and capital expenditures. See "—Loans and Borrowings" for a 
description of the Group's loans and borrowings. 
Cash Flow 
The following tables set forth certain information about the Group's consolidated cash flows for the years 
ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
 
 
(QRm) 
 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow statement data: 
 
 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities………….. 
 
7,867.1 
 
11,760.1 
 
11,110.8 
 
3,051.2 
Net cash used in investing activities……....... 
 
(3,993.6) 
 
(5,886.9) 
 
(5,337.7) 
 
(1,465.8) 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities... 
 
(4,971.3) 
 
(8,814.6) 
 
(3,891.2) 
 
(1,068.6) 
Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents………………………………. 
 
(1,097.8) 
 
(2,941.3) 
 
1,881.9 
 
516.8 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations………... 
 
535.4 
 
(237.9) 
 
(626.3) 
 
(172.0) 
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January…. 
 
17,095.6 
 
16,533.1 
 
13,353.9 
 
3,667.1 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of 
the year/period………………………….. 
 
 
16,533.1 
 
 
13,353.9 
 
 
14,609.5 
 
 
4,011.9 
 
Net cash from operating activities 
Net cash from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2020 was QR11,110.8 million 
(U.S.$3,051.2 million) as compared to QR11,760.1 million (U.S.$3,229.5 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2019, a decrease of 5.5 per cent. This decrease was primarily due to lower profits recorded 
in 2020. 
Net cash from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2019 was QR11,760.1 million 
(U.S.$3,229.5 million) as compared to QR7,867.1 million (U.S.$2,160.4 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2018, an increase of 49.5 per cent. This increase was primarily due to higher profits in 2019, 
as well as reflecting that lease payments were treated as a financing activity in 2019 following 
implementation of IFRS 16. 
Net cash used in investing activities 
Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2020 was QR5,337.7 million (U.S.$ 
1,465.8 million) as compared to QR5,886.9 million (U.S.$1,616.6 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2019, an decrease of 9.3 per cent. This decrease was primarily due to higher proceeds from disposals of 
fixed assets in 2020, partially offset by movement in short term deposits and other non-current assets in 
2020. 
Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2019 was QR5,886.9 million 
(U.S.$1,616.6 million) as compared to QR3,993.6 million (U.S.$1,096.7 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2018, an increase of 47.4 per cent. This increase was primarily due to higher capital 
expenditure in 2019 and movement in short term deposits.

--- Page 125 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities 
Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2020 was QR3,891.2 million 
(U.S.$1,068.6 million) as compared to QR8,814.6 million (U.S.$2,420.6 million) used in financing 
activities for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was primarily due to lower repayment of 
loans and borrowings in 2020 compared to 2019. 
Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2019 was QR8,814.6 million 
(U.S.$2,420.6 million) as compared to QR4,971.3 million (U.S.$1,365.2 million) used in financing 
activities for the year ended 31 December 2018. This increase was primarily due to higher repayment of 
loans and borrowings in accordance with their scheduled maturities in 2019 compared to 2018. 
Loans and Borrowings 
Most of the Group's loans and borrowings have been incurred by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., the Issuer and Indosat 
Ooredoo. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had outstanding loans and borrowings of QR29.5 billion 
(U.S.$8.1 billion). In addition, the Group had an additional QR4.5 billion (U.S.$1.2 billion) under its 
facilities that remain undrawn. As at 31 December 2020, 82.2 per cent. of the Group's loans and borrowings 
was owed by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (which includes debt owed by the Issuer), 14.2 per cent. by Indosat 
Ooredoo and the remaining 3.6 per cent. by other companies within the Group. As at 31 December 2020, 
the Group's consolidated loans and borrowings included QR5.3 billion (U.S.$1.5 billion) in outstanding 
loans and borrowings of its subsidiaries, including term loan facilities and syndicated loans, of which 2.2 
per cent. were secured by pledges of assets. 
In order to reduce foreign exchange exposure, Group companies increasingly seek to borrow funds in local 
currencies where possible; however local currency denominated facilities are not available, or are not 
available in acceptable terms, in certain countries in which the Group operates, including Iraq and 
Myanmar. The Group's funding at the operating subsidiary level in Tunisia, Algeria, Indonesia, Oman and 
Kuwait is entirely local currency denominated. Indosat Ooredoo has also implemented a short-term hedging 
program. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – The Group's business is subject to fluctuations 
in currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition or results of operations". 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the outstanding loans and borrowings of the Group as of 31 
December 2020:  
 
Total financing amount 
Total amount outstanding 
as at 31 December 2020(1) 
Maturity 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Medium Term Note Programme(2) .........  
6,373 
1,750 
6,373(4) 
1,750(4) 
2021-2025 
Global Medium Term Note Programme(3) .........  
9,104 
2,500 
9,104 
2,500 
2023-2043 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
 
 
 
 
 
Revolving credit facility ....................................  
3,000 
824 
0 
0 
2022 
Revolving credit facility ....................................  
3,642 
1,000 
3,368 
925 
2022 
Revolving credit facility ....................................  
546 
150 
546 
150 
2023 
Revolving credit facility ....................................  
1,092 
300 
728 
200 
2024 
Revolving credit facility ....................................  
364 
100 
364 
100 
2025 
Term loan ..........................................................  
364 
100 
364 
100 
2023 
Term loan ..........................................................  
364 
100 
364 
100 
2023 
Term loan ..........................................................  
364 
100 
364 
100 
2023 
Amortising Term loan .......................................  
546 
150 
546 
150 
2025 
Amortising Term loan .......................................  
728 
200 
437 
120 
2023 
Amortising Term loan .......................................  
1,275 
350 
1,275 
350 
2025 
Amortising Term loan .......................................  
546 
150 
546 
150 
2029 
Indosat Ooredoo and its subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
Various local and international loans and local 
bonds .............................................................  
5,783 
1,588 
4,192 
1,151 
2021-2029 
Ooredoo Kuwait and its subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
Revolving credit facility (Ooredoo Kuwait) ......  
1,478 
406 
144 
40 
2021-2022 
Various local loans (Ooredoo Algeria) ..............  
433 
119 
182 
50 
2021-2025 
Various local loans (Ooredoo Tunisia) ..............  
663 
182 
205 
56 
2021-2024 
Various international and local loans (Ooredoo 
Maldives) .......................................................  
178 
49 
128 
35 
2021-2025 
Various local loans (Ooredoo Palestine) ...........  
313 
86 
84 
23 
2021-2023

--- Page 126 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
Total financing amount 
Total amount outstanding 
as at 31 December 2020(1) 
Maturity 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
Ooredoo Oman 
 
 
 
 
 
Various local revolving credit facilities .............  
852 
234 
123 
34 
2027 
Ooredoo Myanmar 
 
 
 
 
 
Various local and international loans ................  
226 
62 
202 
55 
2021 
Other subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
Various loans.....................................................  
22 
6 
22 
6 
2021 
 _______________  
(1) Amounts excluding deferred financing costs. 
(2) Listed on London Stock Exchange. 
(3) Listed on Irish Stock Exchange. 
(4) The Issuer's U.S.$1 billion 4.75 per cent. fixed rate bonds matured and were repaid on 16 February 2021.  
Global Medium Term Note and Sukuk Programmes 
In May 2009, the Group established a U.S.$5.0 billion (QR18.2 billion) Global Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "2009 GMTN Programme"), listed on the London Stock Exchange, to allow for the 
issuance of notes. Under the 2009 GMTN Programme, the Group in October 2010 issued a U.S.$1 billion 
(QR3.6 billion) tranche of notes due 2021 that matured and was repaid on 16 February 2021, and a U.S.$750 
million (QR2.7 billion) tranche of notes due 2025, all of which was outstanding as of 31 December 2020. 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., had, as at 31 December 2020, provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee in 
respect of the notes issued under the 2009 GMTN Programme. 
In December 2012, the Group established another U.S.$3.0 billion (QR10.9 billion) Global Medium Term 
Note Programme, which in 2016 was expanded to U.S.$5.0 billion (QR18.2 billion) (the "2012 GMTN 
Programme"), listed on the Irish Stock Exchange to allow for the issuance of notes. Under the 2012 GMTN 
Programme, the Group in December 2012 issued a U.S.$1 billion (QR3.6 billion) tranche of notes due 
2023; in January 2013 issued a U.S.$500 million (QR1.8 billion) tranche of notes due 2028 and a U.S.$500 
million (QR1.8 billion) tranche of notes due 2043; and in June 2016 issued a U.S.$500 million (QR1.8 
billion) tranche of notes due 2026, all of which was outstanding as of 31 December 2020.  Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C., had, as at 31 December 2020, provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee in respect of 
the notes issued under the 2012 GMTN Programme. 
The documentation relating to the notes under each of the 2009 GMTN Programme and the 2012 GMTN 
Programme contain customary operating and financial covenants common to agreements of this type which 
include covenants that restrict the Group's ability to dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of its 
undertaking or the whole or the greater part of its assets. The documentation relating to the notes also 
contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, non-payment, breach of other obligations 
set forth in the agreement, misrepresentation of or material non-compliance with a representation or 
warranty, and certain insolvency, winding-up and related events. 
In November 2013, the Group established a U.S.$2 billion (QR7.28 billion) Trust Certificate Issuance 
Programme (the "Sukuk Programme"), listed on the Irish Stock Exchange for the issuance of sukuk trust 
certificates. Under the Sukuk Programme, the Group in November 2013 issued a U.S.$1.25 billion (QR4.6 
billion) tranche of sukuk trust certificates which were fully repaid in December 2018.  As at 31 December 
2020, there were no amounts (U.S.$0) outstanding under the Sukuk Programme. 
The documentation relating to the trust certificates under the Sukuk Programme contain customary 
operating covenants and events of default common to agreements of this type, including, but not limited to, 
non-payment, breach of other obligations set forth in the agreement, misrepresentation of or material non-
compliance with a representation or warranty, and certain insolvency, winding-up and related events. 
Loans and borrowings of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
In June 2016, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into a six-year club loan revolving credit facility with Qatar 
National Bank as agent for a principal amount of U.S.$1,000 million, maturing in June 2022 and bearing 
interest at a floating rate of LIBOR plus an additional margin. As at 31 December 2020, U.S.$925 million 
(QR3,368 million) was outstanding under this facility.

--- Page 127 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
In May 2019, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into a five-year revolving credit facility with DBS Bank for a 
principal amount of U.S.$300 million, maturing in May 2024 and bearing interest at a floating rate of 
LIBOR plus an additional margin. As at 31 December 2020, U.S.$200 million (QR728 million) was 
outstanding under this facility. 
In 2018 and 2020, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into five-year revolving credit facilities with Bank of China 
for an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$250 million, maturing between 2023 and 2025 and bearing 
interest at floating rates of LIBOR plus an additional margin. As at 31 December 2020, the full amount of 
U.S.$250 million (QR910 million) was outstanding. 
In October and December 2018, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into five-year term loan facilities with Industrial 
and Commercial Bank of China with an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$300 million, maturing in 
October and December 2023 and bearing interest at a floating rate of LIBOR plus an additional margin. As 
at 31 December 2020, the full amount of U.S.$300 million (QR1,092 million) was outstanding. 
In 2018, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into a five-year amortising term loan with KfW with an aggregate 
principal amount of U.S.$200 million (QR728 million), maturing in 2023 and bearing interest at floating 
rates of LIBOR plus an additional margin. As at 31 December 2020, U.S.$120 million (QR437 million) 
was outstanding. 
In 2020, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into a five-year amortising term loan with KfW with an aggregate 
principal amount of U.S.$150 million (QR546 million), maturing in 2025 and bearing interest at a fixed 
rate of 1.53 per cent. As at 31 December 2020, U.S.$150 million (QR546 million) was outstanding. 
In 2019, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into five-year and a 10-year term amortising term loans with Asian 
Development Bank with an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$500 million (QR1,821 million), maturing 
in 2025 and 2029, with one loan bearing interest at a floating rate of LIBOR plus an additional margin and 
the other bearing interest at a fixed rate. As at 31 December 2020, the full amounts of U.S.$500 million 
(QR1,821 million) were outstanding. 
In addition, a QR3,000 million (U.S.$824 million) uncommitted facility is available from Qatar National 
Bank at market rates. As at 31 December 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility. 
Loans and borrowings of Indosat Ooredoo and its subsidiaries 
Indosat Ooredoo has entered into several loan agreements denominated in IDR, issued fixed rate bonds and 
sukuk denominated in IDR.  As at 31 December 2020 outstanding indebtedness of Indosat Ooredoo was 
Rp16.0 trillion (U.S.$1.2 billion). 
The documentation relating to these credit facilities contains certain covenants to be applied at the Indosat 
Ooredoo level, including, but not limited to, financial covenants relating to the maintenance of debt service, 
interest cover and leverage ratios, and certain restrictive covenants relating to the business of Indosat 
Ooredoo and its subsidiaries including, but not limited to, restrictions on disposals and change in business. 
The documentation relating to these credit facilities also contains customary events of default, including, 
but not limited to, non-payment, breach of other obligations set forth in the agreement, misrepresentation 
of or material non-compliance with a representation or warranty, and certain insolvency, winding-up and 
related events. 
Loans and borrowings of Ooredoo Kuwait 
In 2019, Ooredoo Kuwait entered into revolving credit facilities with NBK, HSBC Qatar National Bank, 
denominated in KD, in an aggregate amount of QR1,478 million (U.S.$406 million). As at 31 December 
2020, QR142 million (U.S.$39 million) was outstanding under these facilities. 
Other loans and borrowings 
The Group's other subsidiaries in Algeria, Tunisia, Maldives, Palestine, Oman, Myanmar and Iraq have 
entered into various local and international loans and credit facilities with maturities between 2021 and 
2027.  As at 31 December 2020, QR2,687 million (U.S.$738 million) was available under these agreements, 
and QR950 million (U.S.$261 million) was outstanding.

--- Page 128 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Contractual Obligations 
The following table presents the Group's contractual obligations as at 31 December 2020: 
 
Payment due by period 
 
Total 
Less 
than 
1 year 
1-5 years 
More 
than 5 
years 
Total 
Less 
than 
1 year 
1-5 years 
More 
than 
5 years 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Loans and 
borrowings(1) ........... 
34,953  
6,302  
20,533  
8,118  
9,599  
1,731  
5,639  
2,229  
Trade payables ........... 
3,960  
3,960  
-   
-   
1,087  
1,087  
-   
-   
Licence costs payable . 
3,773  
1,359  
1,531  
883  
1,036  
373  
420  
243  
Lease liabilities .......... 
10,182  
1,647  
4,932  
3,603  
2,796  
452  
1,354  
989  
Other financial 
liabilities ................. 
977  
755  
223  
-   
268  
207  
61  
-   
Total .......................... 
53,846  
14,023  
27,218  
12,605  
14,787  
3,851  
7,475  
3,461  
 _______________  
(1) Loans and borrowings include all of the Group's current and non-current loans and borrowings as at 31 December 2020. See note 
28, "Loans and borrowings", of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The Group also had capital expenditure commitments as at 31 December 2020 for QR2,642.7 million 
(U.S.$725.7 million). 
Capital Expenditures 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 the Group incurred capital expenditures for property, plant and 
equipment of QR7,227.6 million (U.S.$1,984.8 million), as compared to capital expenditures of QR7,468.3 
million (U.S.$2,050.9 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019 and QR6,245.5 million (U.S.$1,715.1 
million) for the year ended 31 December 2018. The Group's capital expenditures are predominantly for the 
expansion of the coverage, capacity and network quality in the Group's mobile networks and the 
deployment of new technologies. 
The Group expects that most of its capital expenditures in the near future will be related to expanding, 
developing and improving its networks in all of its key markets and expects its capital expenditures in 2021 
to be between approximately QR5.0 billion (U.S.$1.4 billion) and QR6.0 billion (U.S.$1.6 billion). The 
Group currently expects its level of capital expenditure to be lower in the near term as it has modernized 
and upgraded most of the network across its operations. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
The Group does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably expected to have 
a material current or future effect on its financial condition, revenue, expenses, results of operations, 
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had QR760.2 
million (U.S.$208.8 million) of contingent liabilities in the form of letters of guarantee and QR26.0 million 
(U.S.$7.1 million) of contingent liabilities in the form of claims against the Group not acknowledged as 
debts. See Note 38, "Contingent Liabilities and Litigations", to the consolidated financial statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 for a description of Ooredoo's commitments and contingencies. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
The preparation of Ooredoo's consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires it to make 
judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and 
expenses. Those judgments, estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience, available 
information, future expectations and other factors and assumptions that Ooredoo believes are reasonable 
under the circumstances. Ooredoo reviews its estimates and underlying assumptions on an ongoing basis 
and revises them when necessary. Ooredoo has identified below those of its accounting policies that it 
believes could potentially produce materially different results if it were to change its underlying 
assumptions, estimates and judgments. Actual results may differ from the original or revised estimates. 
Summaries of Ooredoo's significant accounting judgments and estimates are contained in Note 42, 
"Significant accounting judgements and estimates" of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 129 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Ooredoo believes that the following items involve the most the critical judgments or assumptions 
concerning the future and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the financial 
statements. 
Classification of associates, joint ventures and subsidiaries 
The appropriate classification of certain investments as subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures requires 
significant analysis and management judgment as to whether the Group exercises control, significant 
influence or joint control over these investments. This may involve consideration of a number of factors, 
including ownership and voting rights, the extent of Board representation, contractual arrangements and 
indicators of de facto control. 
Revenue  
Recognition of revenue 
Management considers recognizing revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met, otherwise 
revenue will be recognized at a point in time: (a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the 
benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs; (b) the Group's performance creates 
or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced; or (c) the Group's 
performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has an enforceable 
right to payment for performance completed to date. 
Contracts  
Contract variations are recognised as revenues only to the extent that it is probable that they will not result 
in a significant reversal of revenue in subsequent periods. Management considers prior experience, 
application of contract terms and the relationship with the customers in making their judgment. 
Contract claims are recognised as revenue only when management believes that only to the extent that it is 
probable that they will not result in a significant reversal of revenue in subsequent periods. Management 
reviews the judgment related to these contract claims periodically and adjustments are made in the future 
periods, if assessments indicate that such adjustments are appropriate.  
Judgments in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations  
The Group generally recognises revenue over time as it performs continuous transfer of control of these 
services to customers. Because customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by 
these services and the control transfer takes place over time, revenue is also recognised based on the extent 
of service transfer/ completion of transfer of each performance obligation. In determining the method for 
measuring progress for these performance obligations, the Group considers the nature of these services as 
well as the nature of its performance. 
For performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, the Group considers the general requirements of 
control (i.e. direct the use of asset and obtain substantially all benefits) and the following non-exhaustive 
list of indicators of transfer of control: 
 
the entity has present right to payment; 
 
the customer has legal title; 
 
the entity has transferred legal possession; 
 
the customer has significant risk and rewards; and 
 
the customer has accepted the asset 
In making its judgment, management considers the detailed criteria for the recognition of revenue set out 
in IFRS 15 and, in particular, whether the Group has transferred control of the goods to the customer.

--- Page 130 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
Principal versus agent  
Significant judgments are made by management when concluding whether the Group is transacting as an 
agent or a principal. The assessment is performed for each separate revenue stream in the Group. The 
assessment requires an analysis of key indicators, specifically whether the Group: carries any inventory 
risk; has the primary responsibility for providing the goods or services to the customer; has the latitude to 
establish pricing; and bears the customer's credit risk. These indicators are used to determine whether the 
Group has exposure to the significant risks and rewards associated with the sale of goods or rendering of 
services. For example, any sale relating to inventory that is held by the Group, not on consignment, is a 
strong indicator that the Group is acting as a principal. 
Capitalisation of costs  
Management determines whether the Group will recognise an asset from the costs incurred to fulfil a 
contract and costs incurred to obtain a contract if the costs meet all the following criteria: (a) the costs relate 
directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically identify; (b) the costs 
generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations in the 
future; and (c) the costs are expected to be recovered. Such asset will be amortised on a systematic basis 
that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. 
Credit risk measurement 
The assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further estimations as to the likelihood of 
defaults occurring, of the associated loss ratios and of default correlations between counterparties. The 
Group measures credit risk using Probability of Default, Exposure at Default and Loss Given Default.  
Determining the lease term  
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic 
incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension and termination 
options are included in several leases across various classes of right-of-use assets across the Group. These 
terms are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. In cases where lease 
contracts have indefinite term or are subject to auto renewal, lease term is determined considering the 
business case and reasonably certain renewal of lease. 
Assets held for sale 
Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be 
recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met 
only when the sale is highly probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its 
present condition. 
In making a judgement, management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify 
for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification. 
When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets and 
liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, 
regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after the sale. 
A portion of assets relating to Artajasa Pembayaran Elektronis ("APE"), a subsidiary of Indosat Ooredoo 
before 2017, were classified as held for sale in 2017 following the approval by the Extraordinary General 
Shareholders' Meeting of APE in order to divest portion of Indosat Ooredoo's investment based on 
requirements of local jurisdiction. The classification resulted in loss of Indosat Ooredoo's control over APE 
and it was classified as an associate. Subsequently, on 28 May 2020, the Board of Commissioners of 
Lintasarta approved the plan to sell Indosat Ooredoo's entire investment in APE's shares. The related assets 
held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at each 
reporting date. Goodwill and other indefinite life intangibles are tested for impairment annually and at other 
times when such indicators exist.

--- Page 131 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
The factors that the Group considers important which could trigger an impairment review include the 
following: significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the asset; market interest rates or other market 
rates of return on investments have increased during the period, and those increases are likely to affect the 
discount rate used in calculating the asset's value in use and decrease the asset's recoverable amount 
materially; significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating 
results; significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for overall business; 
and significant negative industry or economic trends. 
The Group determines an impairment loss whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable 
amount. The recoverable amount has been determined based on value in use calculations. The cash flows 
are derived from the budget for the next ten years and do not include restructuring activities that the Group 
is not yet committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the asset base of the cash-
generating unit being tested. The recoverable amount of investment is determined based on the net present 
value of future cash flows, management assumptions made, including management's expectations of the 
investment's: 
 
growth in EBITDA, calculated as adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation; 
 
timing and quantum of future capital expenditures; 
 
long term growth rates ranges during discrete period and terminal period; and 
 
the selection of discount rates reflects the risks involved. 
The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model as 
well as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes.  
In the case of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, at a minimum, such assets are subject to 
an annual impairment test and more frequently whenever there is an indication that such asset may be 
impaired. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill 
is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash 
flows from the cash-generating unit and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present 
value of those cash flows. 
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment property 
The Group's management determines the estimated useful lives of its property, plant and equipment and 
investment properties based on the period over which the assets are expected to be available for use. The 
estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment properties are reviewed at least 
annually and are updated if expectations differ from previous estimates due to physical wear and tear and 
technical or commercial obsolescence on the use of these assets. It is possible that future results of 
operations could be materially affected by changes in these estimates brought about by changes in factors 
mentioned above. A reduction in the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment 
properties would increase depreciation expense and decrease noncurrent assets. 
Useful lives of intangible assets 
The Group's management determines the estimated useful lives of its intangible assets for calculating 
amortisation. This estimate is determined based on the expected pattern of consumption of future economic 
benefits embodied in the asset. 
Provision and contingent liabilities 
The Group's management determines provision on best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the 
present obligation as a result of the past event at the reporting date.  The Group's management measures 
contingent liabilities as a possible obligation depending on whether some uncertain future event occurs or 
a present obligation but payment is not probable or the amount cannot be measured reliably. 
Decommissioning liability 
The Group records full provision for the future costs of decommissioning for network and other assets. The 
assumptions based on the current economic environment have been made, which management believes are

--- Page 132 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the future liability. These estimates are reviewed regularly to 
take into account any material changes to the assumptions. However, actual decommissioning costs will 
ultimately depend upon future market prices for the necessary decommissioning works required that will 
reflect market conditions at the relevant time. Furthermore, the timing of decommissioning is likely to 
depend on when the network assets cease to produce at economically viable rates. This, in turn, will depend 
upon future technologies, which are inherently uncertain.  
Fair value of unquoted equity investments 
Where the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the consolidated statement of 
financial position cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined using valuation techniques 
including the discounted cash flows model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets 
where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required in establishing fair values. 
The judgments include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in 
assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments. 
Deferred tax assets 
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable 
that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. The Group believes that 
sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow or part of the deferred tax assets to be utilized. Significant 
management judgment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, 
based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.  
Impairment of inventories 
Inventories are held at the lower of cost and net realisable value. When inventories become old or obsolete, 
an estimate is made of their net realisable value.  For individually significant amounts, this estimation is 
performed on an individual basis. Inventories which are not individually significant, but which are old or 
obsolete, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the inventory type and the degree 
of ageing or obsolescence, based on historical selling prices.   
Licences and spectrum fees 
The estimated useful life is generally the term of the licence unless there is a presumption of renewal at 
negligible cost. Using the licence term reflects the period over which the Group will receive economic 
benefit. For technology specific licences with a presumption of renewal at negligible cost, the estimated 
useful economic life reflects the Group's expectation of the period over which the Group will continue to 
receive economic benefit from the licence. The economic lives are periodically reviewed taking into 
consideration such factors as changes in technology. Historically any changes to economic lives have not 
been material following these reviews. 
Uncertain tax exposures 
In certain circumstances, the Group may not be able to determine the exact amount of its current or future 
tax liabilities or recoverable amount of the claim refund due to ongoing investigations by, or discussions 
with the various taxation authorities.  In determining the amount to be recognized in respect of uncertain 
tax liability or the recoverable amount of the claim for tax refund related to uncertain tax positions, the 
Group applies similar considerations as it would use in determining the amount of a provision to be 
recognized in accordance with IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment, IAS 37 Provisions, 
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and IAS 12 Income Taxes.   
Estimation of financial information 
The Group accounts for its investment in associate using equity accounting as required by IAS 28. For 
investments where information is not available at the reporting date, the Group estimates the financial 
information based on the historical trends, quarterly financial information, budgets and future forecasts.   
Customer loyalty programme  
The Group allocates a portion of the transaction price to the loyalty programme based on relative standalone 
selling price ("SSP"). The Group estimates the SSP of loyalty points by estimating the weighted average

--- Page 133 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
cost for redemption of the points based on the actual value of the products redeemed during the year. Inputs 
to the models include making assumptions about expected redemption rates and the mix of products that 
will be available for redemption in the future. 
Business model assessment  
Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the "solely payments of 
principal and interest" test and the business model test. The Group determines the business model at a level 
that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective. 
This assessment includes judgment reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the 
assets is evaluated and their performance measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and 
how these are managed and how the managers of the assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial 
assets measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income that are derecognised 
prior to their maturity to understand the reason for their disposal and whether the reasons are consistent 
with the objective of the business for which the asset was held. Monitoring is part of the Group's continuous 
assessment of whether the business model for which the remaining financial assets are held continues to be 
appropriate and if it is not appropriate whether there has been a change in business model and so a 
prospective change to the classification of those assets. See Note 3, "Significant accounting policies" of the 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Significant increase in credit risk  
Expected credit losses ("ECL") are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets, 
or lifetime ECL assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has 
increased significantly since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant 
increase in credit risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group 
takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information. 
Calculation of loss allowance  
Probability of default constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. Probability of default is an estimate of the 
likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, 
assumptions and expectations of future conditions. When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and 
supportable forward looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of 
different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other. Loss given default is an estimate 
of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due and those 
that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit 
enhancements. 
Fair value measurement 
Some of the Group's assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In 
estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is 
available. Where such inputs are not available, the Group engages qualified external valuers to perform the 
valuation. Management works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate 
valuation techniques and inputs to the model.  
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
The Group is exposed to market risks from changes in both foreign currency exchange rates and interest 
rates. It is also exposed to credit and liquidity risks. The Group uses financial instruments, such as foreign 
exchange forward contracts, foreign currency options and interest rate swaps to manage these market risks. 
For further information regarding the Group's market risk, see Note 39, "Financial Risk Management", to 
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Group is subject to market risk resulting from changes in interest rates, which may affect the cost of 
its current floating rate borrowings and future financing. The Group's interest bearing financial liabilities 
subject to a floating interest rate amounted to 32.6 per cent. of the Group's loans and borrowings as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019. A hypothetical 25 basis point change in interest rates on the

--- Page 134 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
floating rate portion of the Group's loans and borrowings would result in a change in its finance costs of 
QR23.8 million (U.S.$6.5 million) as at 31 December 2020. 
Currency Risk 
The Group has operations across the MENA and the Asia Pacific regions and operates in a number of 
foreign currencies, which gives rise to transactional and translational foreign exchange risk. The Group's 
various assets and liabilities are denominated mainly in U.S. Dollars, Indonesian Rupiah, Iraqi Dinar, 
Tunisian Dinar, Kuwaiti Dinar, Algerian Dinar, Myanmar Kyat and certain other currencies. The Group's 
main functional currency, the Qatari Riyal, is pegged to the U.S. Dollar. The Group manages currency risks 
by either off-setting the currency position (through borrowing in the same currency) or through the use of 
derivatives, as appropriate, in accordance with internal policies. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties fail to perform as contracted. The 
Group provides telecommunications services to a variety of customers and distributors of its prepaid cards. 
The Group seeks to limit its credit risk with respect to customers by:  subjecting all customers receiving 
credit to credit verification procedures; monitoring, on an ongoing basis, receivable balances; and setting 
limits on the amount of service each customer may purchase, which are reviewed regularly with regard to 
the level of past transactions and settlement. In addition, the Group's receivable balances are monitored on 
an ongoing basis to limit its exposure to bad debts. The Group seeks to limit its credit risk with respect to 
distributors by selling prepaid cards through its own shops and through subsidiary distributors and by 
obtaining bank guarantees from third-party distributors. With respect to credit risk arising from the Group's 
other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents and other receivables, the Group's 
exposure to credit risk arises from default of the counterparty (mainly financial institutions), with a 
maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments. The Group maintains credit limits 
with respect to counterparties that are financial institutions and evaluates the credit status of those financial 
institutions on an annual basis. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. The 
Group's approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient 
liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring 
unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation. The Group seeks to maintain a balance 
between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of cash in hand, overdrafts, bank facilities and 
a conservative debt maturity profile to reduce its exposure to liquidity risk. Specifically, it seeks to limit 
liquidity risk by ensuring that bank facilities are available. 
For a summary of the maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities as at 31 December 2020, see "– 
Contractual Obligations". 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
A number of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations of IFRS have been issued but are 
not yet effective. For a discussion of these recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 3.3.3, "New and 
revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted" in the Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The Group anticipates that all of these standards and interpretations will be adopted in its consolidated 
financial statements from their effective dates. The Group does not expect that the application of these new 
standards and amendments will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 135 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
The 
Group 
is 
an 
international 
telecommunications 
company 
primarily 
operating 
mobile 
telecommunications networks in 10 countries in the MENA and Asia Pacific regions, with a total customer 
base of approximately 121 million as at 31 December 2020. The Group operates a portfolio of brands 
including Ooredoo, Indosat Ooredoo and Asiacell. The Group's principal activity is the provision of 
wireless (comprising cellular telephone technologies and services) and wireline (comprising broadband 
solutions and fibre technologies) services to both the consumer and business markets. 
The Group's parent company is Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., whose shares are listed on the Qatar Stock Exchange 
and the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange. Ooredoo was originally established as Qatar Public 
Telecommunications Corporation on 29 June 1987, to provide domestic and international 
telecommunication services within Qatar. Ooredoo is one of two telecommunications service providers 
licensed by the Ministry of Transport and Communications to provide both fixed and mobile 
telecommunications services in Qatar. As a licensed service provider, the conduct and activities of Ooredoo 
are regulated by the CRA pursuant to Law No. 34 of 2006 (the "Qatari Telecommunications Law") and 
the Applicable Regulatory Framework. Ooredoo's registered office is located at 100 West Bay, P.O. Box 
217, Doha, Qatar. Ooredoo's commercial registration number is 21183. 
The Group believes that its four most significant markets by revenue and assets are as follows: 
 
Qatar:  the Group operates in Qatar through Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (formerly Qatar Telecom (Qtel) 
Q.S.C.), which, until March 2009, was the only provider of fixed line and mobile 
telecommunications services in Qatar. Ooredoo Qatar provides mobile telecommunications to both 
postpaid and prepaid customers, fixed line telephony and internet access, corporate data services, 
digital television and international gateway services in Qatar. For the year ended 31 December 
2020, Ooredoo Qatar's operations (before intragroup eliminations) contributed 24.5 per cent. of the 
Group's consolidated revenue and 48.6 per cent. of the Group's consolidated total assets (before 
intragroup eliminations) as at 31 December 2020. Ooredoo Qatar had a combined 3.3 million 
mobile and fixed line customers as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Indonesia: the Group operates in Indonesia through Indosat Ooredoo, a fixed line and mobile 
telecommunications provider that the Group acquired in June 2008. Indosat Ooredoo provides a 
variety of mobile telecommunications services, mostly to prepaid customers, fixed line telephony, 
internet access and internet telephony services, operates its own international gateway in Indonesia 
and provides a fixed closed network. As at 31 December 2020, the Group held a 65.0 per cent. 
effective stake in Indosat Ooredoo. For the year ended 31 December 2020, Indosat Ooredoo (before 
intragroup eliminations) contributed 24.2 per cent. of the Group's consolidated revenue and 15.3 
per cent. of the Group's consolidated total assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 31 
December 2020. Indosat Ooredoo had a combined 60.3 million mobile and fixed line customers as 
at 31 December 2020. 
 
Iraq: in August 2007, the Group acquired a 30.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Asiacell, an Iraqi 
mobile telecommunications provider, and thereafter increased its economic interest up to 64.1 
per cent. as at 31 December 2020. Asiacell provides services to prepaid (and to a lesser extent, 
postpaid) customers and had 14.7 million mobile customers as at 31 December 2020. Asiacell 
(before intragroup eliminations) contributed 13.9 per cent. of the Group's consolidated revenue for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 and 7.7 per cent. of the Group's consolidated total assets (before 
intragroup eliminations) as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Kuwait: in March 2007, the Group acquired National Mobile Telecommunications Company 
K.S.C.P., ("Wataniya") with shareholdings in telecommunications providers operating in Algeria, 
Maldives, Tunisia and Palestine; it operates in Kuwait as "Ooredoo Kuwait". Ooredoo Kuwait 
provides mobile telecommunications services to both postpaid and prepaid customers. As at 31 
December 2020, the Group held a 92.1 per cent. stake in Ooredoo Kuwait. Ooredoo Kuwait's 
operations (before intragroup eliminations) contributed 8.6 per cent. of the Group's consolidated 
revenue for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 10.1 per cent. of the Group's consolidated total 
assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 31 December 2020. Ooredoo Kuwait had 2.5 million 
mobile customers as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 136 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Together, operations in these four countries (before intragroup eliminations) accounted for 71.2 per cent. 
of the Group's consolidated revenue for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 81.7 per cent. of the Group's 
consolidated total assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 31 December 2020. The Group believes it 
has geographically diverse mobile telecommunications businesses, with operations in relatively mature 
markets, such as Qatar, Kuwait and Oman, which generate significant cash flow for the Group, and in 
developing telecommunications markets with potential for high growth, such as Indonesia, Myanmar and 
Iraq, among others. The Group also operates a number of other telecommunications businesses, which are 
complementary to its existing mobile telecommunications businesses, such as digital television services, 
broadband internet services, fixed-line telecommunications services and corporate managed services. 
However, the Group's revenue is primarily derived from the operation of its mobile networks. In the year 
ended 31 December 2020, the Group's wireless services, which are predominantly related to its mobile 
telecommunications businesses, contributed more than 80 per cent. of the Group's revenue. 
The Group has developed its mobile telecommunications businesses by acquiring new licences and building 
its own network infrastructure, for example in Oman in 2005, and by acquiring existing operators with 
established network infrastructure, such as in Iraq, Algeria, Kuwait, Maldives, Palestine and Tunisia in 
2007 and Indonesia in 2008. In June 2013, following a government auction process, Ooredoo was one of 
the successful bidders for the two 15-year licences made available to foreign operators in Myanmar.  Based 
on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), 
as at 31 December 2020 the Group was one of the top three largest operators by both revenue and number 
of customers in each of its markets, including the key markets of Qatar, Indonesia, Kuwait and Iraq.  
The following illustration highlights the Group's presence across the various markets in which it operates 
worldwide, as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
On 28 December 2020, Ooredoo announced that it had entered into an exclusive and non-legally binding 
memorandum of understanding with CK Hutchison Holdings Limited in relation to a potential transaction

--- Page 137 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
to combine their respective telecommunications businesses in Indonesia, PT Indosat Tbk and PT Hutchison 
3 Indonesia. See "—Principal Operations— Indonesia—Memorandum of Understanding". 
Corporate History 
Qatari Origins 
Prior to Ooredoo Q.S.C.'s incorporation in 1987, domestic telecommunication services in Qatar were 
provided by a partnership between Qatar and a U.K. telecommunications company. The 
Telecommunications Department of the Ministry of Transport and Communications of Qatar supervised all 
technical aspects of domestic and international civilian telecommunications in Qatar. Ooredoo Q.S.C. was 
originally established as Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation on 29 June 1987 pursuant to Law 
No. 13 of 1987, to provide domestic and international telecommunication services within Qatar. Under this 
law, Ooredoo Q.S.C. was granted sole responsibility for the provision of telecommunications services in 
Qatar. During this period, Ooredoo Q.S.C. served as the telecommunications regulator for Qatar. 
Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation was converted into a Qatari Shareholding Company under 
the name of Qatar Telecom (Qtel) Q.S.C. on 25 November 1998, pursuant to Law No. 21 of 1998. Although 
the legislative concession of 1998 granted Ooredoo the right to be the exclusive provider of domestic and 
international telecommunications services in Qatar for a period of 15 years, the Qatari Telecommunications 
Law repealed this exclusive concession and Ooredoo ceased to be the sole telecommunications services 
provider in 2009 when Vodafone Qatar commenced offering services. 
In October 2007, the Group initially acquired a 51.0 per cent. direct shareholding in communications and 
media retail and logistics business Starlink Company W.L.L. ("Starlink").  As of 31 December 2020, the 
Group's direct shareholding in Starlink was 72.5 per cent. 
In March 2013, Ooredoo Q.S.C., previously branded as "Qatar Telecom" and "Qtel", announced that its 
operating subsidiaries would adopt the "Ooredoo" brand over time, and in June 2013, Qatar Telecom (Qtel) 
Q.S.C. legally changed its name to Ooredoo Q.S.C. In 2017, Ooredoo again changed its legal name from 
Ooredoo Q.S.C. to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to comply with the provisions of the Qatar Commercial Companies 
Law issued on 7 July 2015. 
In April 2018, Ooredoo acquired a 55.0 per cent. interest in Intaleq Technology Consulting Services, a joint 
venture with Aspire Zone Foundation engaged in the delivery, management operations and support of ICT 
systems supporting the stadiums for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. 
Ooredoo's shares were listed on the Qatar Stock Exchange (then known as the Doha Securities Market) in 
1998 and on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange in 2002. See "—Principal Operations—Qatar". 
International Expansion 
The growth of the Group's business since 2005 has been driven in significant part by a number of 
acquisitions in the MENA and Asia Pacific regions. A summary of the significant acquisitions by the Group 
during this period is set out below. 
 
Oman:  In March 2005, the Group began its international expansion by acquiring a licence in Oman 
and establishing Nawras to offer mobile telecommunications services. In November 2010, Nawras 
completed its initial public offering, the largest in Oman since 2005, and its shares began trading 
on the Muscat Securities Exchange. In 2014, Nawras was rebranded as "Ooredoo Oman". As of 31 
December 2020, Ooredoo's effective shareholding in Ooredoo Oman was 55.0 per cent. 
 
Kuwait:  In March 2007, the Group acquired a 51.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Wataniya, now 
known as Ooredoo Kuwait, a Kuwaiti telecommunications company with subsidiaries in Algeria, 
Maldives, Tunisia and Palestine, and has subsequently increased its shareholding in Ooredoo 
Kuwait. As of 31 December 2020, Ooredoo's effective shareholding in Ooredoo Kuwait was 92.1 
per cent. Ooredoo Kuwait's shares are listed on the Boursa Kuwait. See "—Principal Operations—
Kuwait". 
 
Algeria:  In March 2007, the Group acquired a 36.2 per cent. indirect shareholding in Wataniya 
Telecom Algerie ("Wataniya Algeria"), through its acquisition of Ooredoo Kuwait, which held a 
direct shareholding of 71.0 per cent. in Wataniya Algeria. As of 31 December 2020, Ooredoo's

--- Page 138 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
effective shareholding in Wataniya Algeria was 74.4 per cent. Wataniya Algeria was rebranded as 
Ooredoo Algeria in 2013 (although the legal name remains Wataniya Algeria). 
 
Tunisia:  In March 2007, the Group acquired a 25.5 per cent. indirect shareholding in "Tunisiana", 
now known as Ooredoo Tunisia, through its acquisition of Ooredoo Kuwait, which held a direct 
shareholding of 50.0 per cent. in Ooredoo Tunisia. As of 31 December 2020, Ooredoo's effective 
shareholding in Ooredoo Tunisia was 84.1 per cent. 
 
Palestine:  In March 2007, the Group acquired a 29.1 per cent. indirect shareholding in Wataniya 
Palestine Mobile Telecommunications P.S.C. ("Wataniya Palestine") through its acquisition of 
Ooredoo Kuwait, which held a direct shareholding of 57.0 per cent. in Wataniya Palestine. The 
shares of Wataniya Palestine are listed on the Palestine Exchange. As at 31 December 2020, 
Ooredoo's effective shareholding in Wataniya Palestine was 45.4 per cent. Wataniya Palestine was 
rebranded as Ooredoo Palestine in 2018 (although the legal name remains Wataniya Palestine). 
 
Maldives:  In March 2007, the Group acquired a 51.0 per cent. indirect shareholding in Wataniya 
Telecom Maldives, now known as Ooredoo Maldives, through its acquisition of Ooredoo Kuwait, 
which held a direct shareholding of 100.0 per cent. in Ooredoo Maldives. The shares of Ooredoo 
Maldives are listed on the Maldives Stock Exchange. As of 31 December 2020, Ooredoo's effective 
shareholding in Wataniya Maldives was 83.3 per cent.  
 
Singapore:  In March 2007, the Group purchased a 25.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Asia 
Mobile Holdings, a joint venture with Singapore Technologies Telemedia. As at 31 December 
2020, Asia Mobile Holdings held a 56.6 per cent. direct shareholding (and the Group a 14.1 per 
cent. indirect shareholding) in StarHub, a telecommunications company in Singapore.  
 
Iraq:  In August 2007, the Group acquired a 30.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Asiacell, an Iraqi 
mobile telecommunications provider, increasing its effective shareholding to 64.1 per cent. in 
February 2013, following Asiacell's initial public offering. As at 31 December 2020, Ooredoo's 
effective shareholding in Asiacell was 64.1 per cent. See "—Principal Operations—Iraq". 
 
Indonesia:  In June 2008, the Group acquired a 40.8 per cent. shareholding in Indosat Ooredoo. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group's shareholding in Indosat Ooredoo was 65.0 per cent. See "—
Principal Operations—Indonesia". 
 
Myanmar:  In June 2013, following a government auction process, Ooredoo was one of the 
successful bidders for the two 15-year licences made available to foreign operators in Myanmar. 
Ooredoo received its licence to operate in Myanmar in February 2014 and launched its mobile 
services in Myanmar in August 2014. 
Capital Structure 
As at 31 December 2020, the authorised share capital of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. consisted of 5,000,000,000 
ordinary shares of QR1 each, of which 3,203,200,000 ordinary shares were in issue.  In 2019, as instructed 
by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Company undertook a 10 for 1 stock split which reduced the 
par value of its ordinary shares from QR10 to QR1, which led to an increase in the number of authorized 
shares from 500,000,000 shares to 5,000,000,000 ordinary shares and the total number of issued and fully 
paid up shares from 320,320,000 shares to 3,203,200,000 ordinary shares.  
The State of Qatar is Ooredoo's largest shareholder, holding, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Qatar 
Holding (an entity established by the Qatar Investment Authority), 51.7 per cent. of Ooredoo's outstanding 
voting shares as at 31 December 2020. In addition, Ooredoo's Articles of Association give Qatar Holding 
the exclusive right to, amongst other things, appoint and remove five of the 10 members of the Board for 
so long as its majority shareholding is maintained.  
Any remaining directors not appointed by Qatar Holding are appointed by the General Assembly of 
Ooredoo by way of a secret ballot in which Qatar Holding has no voting rights. Other major shareholders 
include, but are not limited to, a variety of Government-related entities, including the General Retirement 
and Social Insurance Authority, General Military Retirement and Social Insurance Authority and other 
Government-related entities, which together owned an additional 16.9 per cent. of Ooredoo's outstanding 
issued voting shares as at 31 December 2020, and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority ("ADIA") which

--- Page 139 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
held a 10.0 per cent. shareholding as at the same date. Several members of the Board have held or currently 
hold positions in the Government of Qatar. See "Corporate Governance". 
Operational Structure 
The following diagram sets forth the Group's corporate structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) The Group's Qatar operations are integrated within Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., which also holds 72.5 per cent. of Starlink Qatar. 
(2) Operations integrated within Ooredoo Kuwait (NMTC). 
(3) 71 per cent. in Ooredoo Algeria is held via Wataniya (NMTC) and a 9 per cent. stake is held via direct special purpose vehicles 
of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., resulting in an effective holding of 74.4 per cent. 
(4) 75 per cent. in Ooredoo Tunisia is held via Wataniya (NMTC) and a 15 per cent. stake is held via a direct special purpose vehicle 
of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., resulting in an effective holding of 84.1 per cent. 
Although the Group's subsidiaries operate independently of one another, the Group exercises control over 
the quality and direction of the services provided by each subsidiary through oversight procedures 
conducted by the Group's management. 
Strategy 
The Group underwent a phase of international expansion in the period between 2006 and 2014 during which 
time it focused on acquisitions in a number of different markets, see further "—Corporate History—
International Expansion". This was subsequently followed by the launch of a unified "Ooredoo" brand and 
the roll-out of the brand in the majority of the markets in which it operates. The Group has now scaled up 
and is focused on optimising its portfolio, extracting value from its past acquisitions and creating 
shareholder value. In 2017, the Group evolved its strategic vision to "Enriching people's digital lives" to 
reflect its aspiration to continue to exceed the needs and expectations of consumer, business and 
governmental customers across its markets by delivering superior products, services, and customer 
experiences in the Digital Age. As part of this vision, the Group aims to digitally transform its business so 
that its operating companies become "digital enablers" and move beyond traditional telecommunications 
products and services by enabling digital services through partnerships with information and 
communications technology ("ICT") and OTT providers.

--- Page 140 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
The Group's strategy is comprised of four pillars:  
 
Market leadership. Although the Group has become one of the market leaders in a number of the 
markets in which it operates, it expects its operating companies to continue to be leaders in their 
markets through smarter distribution and leading data networks, and by becoming the preferred 
digital partners of OTT providers, consumers and businesses in their markets. 
 
Performance culture.  The Group intends to foster a radical culture transformation so that it 
becomes lean and agile, and to ensure that all employees become digitally skilled throughout the 
organization. 
 
Efficient models. The Group intends to continue to improve its organizational efficiencies by 
leveraging advanced analytics, re-engineering its cost models, leveraging its Group efficiencies, 
and moving customer interactions from physical to digital channels. 
 
Extend and leverage opportunities. The Group's growth strategy will continue to include 
opportunistically exploring expansion opportunities, as well as specific opportunities to 
consolidate its leadership position in each market in the areas of connectivity, consumer content, 
and/or business-to-business or ICT solutions.  
The impact on the markets of the COVID-19 pandemic and other events in 2020 helped inform the Group's 
ongoing strategic review, sharpening the importance of focusing on its points of differentiation in an 
increasingly competitive telecommunications industry and keeping pace with the progressive generational 
evolution of the underlying technology.  The Group intends to continue to revise its strategic direction to 
ensure a progressive and sustainable path to enable it to react quickly in rapidly evolving markets. 
Competitive Strengths 
The Group believes that its business is characterised by the following key competitive strengths. 
Government ownership 
The State of Qatar is Ooredoo's largest shareholder, owning through its wholly-owned subsidiary Qatar 
Holding LLC, 51.7 per cent of Ooredoo's outstanding issued voting shares as at 31 Decmeber 2020 (see "—
Capital Structure"). Other Government-related entities together own an additional 16.9 per cent of 
Ooredoo's outstanding issued voting shares. 
Furthermore, several members of the Board have held or currently hold positions in the Government. The 
State of Qatar's representatives on the Board also hold other key roles in Qatar's political, governing and 
corporate arenas. Ooredoo believes that it has the support of the State of Qatar with regard to the operation 
of its businesses as demonstrated by the State of Qatar's participation in all of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s rights 
issue offerings to date. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the State of Qatar has investment grade 
sovereign credit ratings of AA- (S&P), AA- (Fitch) and Aa3 (Moody's), with all assigning a stable outlook. 
Leading market position 
The Group believes that it is among the leaders, in terms of revenue and number of customers, in the mobile 
telecommunications industry in the markets in which it operates. Because of its position as the sole 
telecommunications provider in Qatar prior to March 2009, Ooredoo has been able to build and maintain a 
strong domestic market position and a consistent revenue base. These strengths were key to the Group's 
international expansion. For example, the Group believes that Ooredoo's acquisitions of what are now key 
subsidiaries, including Ooredoo Kuwait, Indosat Ooredoo and Asiacell, were all supported by its strong 
capital and revenue base.  
Diversified and balanced international portfolio 
The Group has established a diversified and balanced international portfolio of telecommunications assets 
in 10 countries in the MENA and Asia Pacific regions, with a total customer base of approximately 121 
million as at 31 December 2020. The Group believes that it has a geographically diverse mobile 
telecommunications business, with operations in relatively developed markets, such as Qatar, Kuwait and 
Oman, and in markets with a higher potential for growth, such as Myanmar, Indonesia and Iraq. Moreover, 
the Group believes it has demonstrated an ability to grow telecommunications businesses in emerging

--- Page 141 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
markets, and that its diverse geographic base along with its leading market position in most of the markets 
in which it operates mitigates certain risks that would otherwise be associated with a narrow focus on fewer 
markets. 
Experienced international management team 
The Group's management team of industry professionals has significant experience in the mobile and fixed-
line telecommunications sectors and a proven track record in growing telecommunications business in 
Qatar and internationally. In addition, the Group continues to appoint key personnel to better position its 
business for its next growth phase. The Group believes that the composition of its management team puts 
it in a strong position to successfully implement its strategies, as well as to improve its operating 
performance as the Group encounters opportunities to further monetise its significant investments in 
infrastructure to date. 
Senior Ooredoo executives sit on the boards of directors of all of Ooredoo's direct subsidiaries, including 
some of those in which the Group maintains only a minority shareholding, such as Asia Mobile Holdings, 
ensuring consistency with and implementation of the Group's overall strategy. 
Products and Services 
The Group derives its revenue by providing telecommunications services to its customers, predominantly 
from mobile telecommunications services. The following table sets forth a summary of the Group's 
principal products and services offerings or licences it offers in the markets indicated.  
 
 
Wireless Technologies 
Wireline Businesses 
Market 
Operator 
Mobile 
Telecommunications 
Mobile 
Broadband 
Fixed 
Network 
Other Services 
Operations 
 
 
 
 
 
MENA 
 
 
 
 
 
Qatar ............. 
Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C. 
Tetra, GSM, WCDMA, 
LTE, NR 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+, 
NR 
Telephony, 
Fixed 
Internet 
Access, IPX 
FTTX(1)  
International Gateway 
TV, Corporate Managed 
Services VSAT Services 
Fibre Home Broadband, 
IPTV, Business Cloud 
Storage  
Kuwait .......... 
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
GSM, WCDMA, LTE,   
NR 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+, 
NR  
FTTX(2) 
Corporate Managed 
Services, Business Cloud 
Storage 
Iraq ............... 
Asiacell 
GSM,WCDMA, LTE 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE 
 
 
Oman ............ 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
GSM, WCDMA, LTE, 
NR 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+, 
NR 
Telephony, 
Fixed 
Internet 
Access, 
FTTX, TD-
LTE, NR 
International Gateway 
Algeria .......... 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
GSM, WCDMA, LTE 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE 
 
 
Tunisia .......... 
Ooredoo 
Tunisia 
GSM, WCDMA, LTE 
HSPA/HSPA+,
LTE/LTE+ 
Telephony, 
Fixed 
Internet 
Access, 
FTTX 
International Gateway 
Palestine ........ 
Ooredoo 
Palestine 
GSM, WCDMA 
HSPA/HSPA+ 
 
International Gateway(3)

--- Page 142 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
 
 
Wireless Technologies 
Wireline Businesses 
Market 
Operator 
Mobile 
Telecommunications 
Mobile 
Broadband 
Fixed 
Network 
Other Services 
Asia Pacific 
 
 
 
 
 
Indonesia ...... 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
GSM, WCDMA, 
CDMA, LTE 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+ 
Telephony, 
Fixed 
Internet 
Access, 
FTTX 
International Gateway, 
Corporate Managed 
Services(4) 
Myanmar ...... 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar 
GSM, WCDMA, LTE 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+ 
Telephony, 
Fixed 
Internet 
Access, 
FTTX 
International Gateway 
Maldives ....... 
Ooredoo 
Maldives 
GSM, WCDMA, LTE, 
NR 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+, 
NR 
Telephony, 
Fixed 
Internet 
Access, 
FTTX 
International Gateway 
 _______________  
(1) FTTX refers to broadband network architecture using optical fiber to provide all or part of the local loop used for last mile 
telecommunications.  
(2) FTTX in Kuwait offered through FASTtelco subsidiary. 
(3) Wataniya Palestine has an International Gateway licence but it is not operational since the Gateway is under the control of the 
Israeli authorities. 
(4) Indosat Ooredoo Corporate Managed services delivered through Indosat Ooredoo's subsidiaries. 
 
Wireless Businesses 
Mobile Telecommunications 
The Group operates a number of different types of mobile technologies in the markets in which it operates: 
 
TETRA: stands for Terrestrial Trunked Radio. It is a digital trunked mobile radio standard 
developed to meet the needs of traditional Professional Mobile Radio (PMR) user organisations 
such as various governmental, military, commercial and industrial organisations and companies. It 
is a digital mobile telecommunication system that allows two-way radio communications. 
 
GSM:  stands for Global System for Mobile Communications, a comprehensive digital network for 
the operation of all aspects of a cellular telephone system. GSM operates in the 900MHz and 
1.8GHz bands. By having a harmonised spectrum across most of the globe, GSM's international 
roaming capability is designed to allow users to access the same services when travelling abroad 
as they can at home. This type of mobile technology includes: 
o 
GPRS:  stands for General Packet Radio Service, a packet-based telecommunications 
service designed to send and receive data at rates from 56 Kbps to 114 Kbps that is 
designed to allow continuous connection to the internet for mobile phone and computer 
uses. GPRS is a specification for data transfer over GSM networks. 
o 
EDGE:  stands for Enhanced Data Rates for Global (GSM) Evolution, a technology 
providing up to three times the data capacity of GPRS. EDGE uses a new modulation 
scheme designed to enable data speeds of up to 384 Kbps within the existing GSM 
spectrum. EDGE uses the same structure as today's GSM networks, which allows it to be 
overlaid directly onto an existing GSM network. For many existing GSM/GPRS networks, 
EDGE is a simple software-upgrade. 
 
CDMA:  stands for Code Division Multiple Access. CDMA is a multiple access scheme for digital 
radio, to send voice, data and signalling information (such as a dialled telephone number) between 
mobile telephones and cell sites. CDMA permits several radios to share the same frequencies and

--- Page 143 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
network capacity and does not directly limit the number of active radios. Since larger numbers of 
phones can be served by smaller numbers of cell-sites, CDMA-based standards have a significant 
economic advantage over older standards. 
 
WCDMA:  stands for Wideband CDMA and is also known as spread spectrum or 3G cellular system 
which utilises a single frequency band for all traffic, differentiating the individual transmissions 
by assigning them unique codes before transmission. WCDMA operates in the 900MHz and 
2100MHz band. WCDMA enables the continued support of voice, text and MMS services in 
addition to richer mobile multimedia services such as:  music, TV, video, entertainment content 
and internet access. This type of mobile technology includes: 
o 
HSPA:  stands for High Speed Packet Access, an upgrade to the 3G/WCDMA network. It 
is a 3G wireless technology enhancement enabling significant increases in data 
transmission speeds. It allows increased mobile data traffic and improves the customer 
experience through the availability of 3G broadband services and significantly shorter data 
transfer times. In particular, HSDPA or High Speed Downlink Packet Access focuses on 
improving the speed of the download between network and mobile whereas HSUPA or 
High Speed Uplink Packet Access does the same for the data upload between mobile and 
network. HSDPA-DC or HSDPA Dual Carrier is an evolution of HSDPA which allows 
two frequency carriers to be used simultaneously in order to increase data speeds. The set 
of technologies including higher order modulations and Multiple Input Multiple Output 
antenna techniques, together with HSDPA-DC, are commonly known as HSPA+. 
 
LTE (4G): stands for Long Term Evolution and is the fourth generation of mobile phone mobile 
communications standards. An LTE/4G system provides mobile ultra-broadband internet access, 
for example to laptops with USB wireless modems, to smartphones, and to other mobile devices. 
LTE refers to the ongoing process of improving wireless technology standards and increasing 
broadband speeds. LTE Advanced, also known as LTE+ or 4G+, is an evolution of LTE, 
comprising several technologies like carrier aggregation (which refers to frequency carriers being 
used simultaneously) and multiple input multiple output antenna techniques. LTE+ technologies 
allow for higher data transmission rates than all the previous wireless cellular systems. 
 
NR (5G): stands for New Radio and is the fifth generation of mobile phone communication 
standards. NR is very similar to LTE but has more flexibility and scalability in terms of carrier 
bandwidths than LTE. In addition, technologies like Massive MIMO will increase the overall 
capacity. The new 5G core includes key technologies like network slicing to support a variety of 
use case requirements like minimized latency, maximized reliability or maximal throughput. NR 
can use the same frequencies as LTE, but will also support higher frequency bands like 3.5GHz 
and the millimeter-wave 28 GHz band, which offer larger bandwidths and therefore more capacity 
than the LTE bands.     
Mobile Broadband 
The Group offers mobile broadband services through HSPA, LTE and NR technologies (each discussed 
above). 
Wireline Businesses 
Fixed Network 
The Group provides fixed-line telecommunications services to both corporate and individual customers in 
Qatar, Indonesia, Oman, Kuwait, Maldives, Myanmar and Tunisia. The Group's fixed line network provides 
fixed line telecommunications services such as fixed-line telephony, television services and fixed 
narrowband and broadband internet access. 
Fixed line telephony. The Group's fixed line telephony services are available in Qatar, Indonesia, Oman, 
Kuwait, Maldives, Myanmar and Tunisia and provide connections from a customer's premises to the 
Group's fixed line telecommunications network. Throughout Qatar, Ooredoo provides digital fixed line 
telephony service, internet protocol telephony services and other related services such as caller ID, 
voicemail, conference calls, call restriction, information services and call forwarding.

--- Page 144 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
Fixed Internet Access. In response to the changing dynamics in the fixed line telecommunications market, 
such as fixed-to-mobile substitution and migration from narrowband usage to broadband usage, the Group 
has focused its efforts in the fixed-line market primarily on building its direct access and broadband 
customer bases. The Group's consumer fixed broadband was first launched in Qatar in 2002, and offers 
customers a number of products and services to enhance their access to data services. For example: 
 
Indosat Ooredoo offers high-speed point-to-point international and domestic digital leased line 
broadband and narrowband services and a high-performance packet-switching service; and 
 
Ooredoo offers home entertainment services in Qatar under its brand "Ooredoo tv", which 
combines applications, on-demand and live television in a single box. The Ooredoo tv service 
deploys new fibre and Wi-Fi technology and delivers a range of channels in order to enable 
customers to pick a package that suits their viewing preferences. In addition, Ooredoo tv offers 
television in 4k (or Ultra HD) resolution and is the first commercial 4k television service to be 
offered in the Gulf region. Since its launch on 14 February 2016, Ooredoo tv has been installed in 
more than 190,600 Qatari households.  
Ooredoo has invested in a modern fibre optic network in Qatar, Oman, Tunisia, Maldives, Myanmar and 
Indonesia, commonly known as "FTTP", and Ooredoo Oman has replaced its Wi-max network with LTE-
TDD. FTTP is a fibre access network together with all its components, typically offering services like high-
speed internet, IPTV, video on demand and business-to-business ("B2B") services. In some markets, taking 
advantages of the synergies it offers, the FTTX network is also used for meeting some transport network 
requirements (like backhaul) of the mobile network. 
Internetwork Packet Exchange ("IPX"). IPX is a connectivity platform offering integrated access to 
multiple data transport options over a converged IP network, supporting multiple services across networks. 
It supports a combination of services, including VoIPX, LTE roaming over IPX and messaging. IPX 
Connect is a key component of the LTE Roaming service, and supports data roaming from GRX to IPX. 
Corporate Managed Services. These are offered in most markets, but the key markets are Indosat Ooredoo 
and Ooredoo Qatar. Indosat Ooredoo offers Connectivity and Managed services directly and through its 
subsidiaries. Ooredoo Qatar offers hosting & managed services to the domestic, regional & international 
businesses using its network of Datacenters located in and around Doha, Qatar. Equipped with colocation 
facilities and network platforms, these Datacenters provide highly reliable and secure facilities. In addition, 
they offer collaboration services based on Cisco HCS platform, Microsoft's cloud-based office 365 product 
suites for large and medium enterprise markets and private cloud bespoke solutions in response to the 
specific requirements of large businesses in Qatar and the surrounding region. Separately, Ooredoo Qatar 
also offers a whole suite of ICT products & solutions catering to various business verticals, security suites, 
Infrastructure as a Service ("Iaas") and Software as a Service ("SaaS"). 
International Gateways. The Group operates its own International Gateways in all of the markets in which 
it operates, except Algeria, Kuwait and Iraq. International Gateways provide a point of interconnection 
between an international carrier and a national carrier. An International Gateway commonly serves not only 
as a physical gate between the international and the national networks, but also as a point-of-protocol 
conversion. 
Telecommunications Operations 
Customers and Tariffs 
The Group's activities, which are predominantly related to providing mobile telecommunications services, 
generate revenue primarily as a function of: 
 
the number of customers served, which in turn is a function of the Group's ability to acquire new 
customers and retain existing customers; and 
 
the revenue generated from each customer, which in turn is a function of the types and amount of 
services utilised by each customer and the rates that the Group charges for those services. 
The Group offers mobile services to both corporate and individual customers. The services are sold through 
"postpaid" and "prepaid" plans. Postpaid customers subscribe for a minimum fixed term, payable on a 
monthly basis, while prepaid customers pay in advance for a fixed amount of airtime and services. The

--- Page 145 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
tariff structure differs between postpaid and prepaid plans, with prepaid customers generally subject to 
higher tariffs to offset the absence of monthly subscription fees. For example, in Qatar the CRA sets out 
the framework for the determination of tariffs, prices and charges and acts as an adjudicator in disputes. 
Various provisions of Ooredoo's licence and the Qatari Telecommunications Law require Ooredoo to 
disclose and in some cases obtain prior approval for its tariffs. 
Postpaid and prepaid customers generally have access to the same local and long-distance 
telecommunications services, including telephone calls and international direct long-distance dialling 
except with respect to international roaming where prepaid customers have access to fewer countries than 
do postpaid customers. In addition, the Group usually offers a variety of additional, connectivity and value 
added services, functions and features, including SMS, mobile data and facsimile services, voicemail, caller 
identification, call holding, call waiting and call forwarding. 
Increasingly, revenue from data services makes up a greater share of the Group's revenues, accounting for 
more than 50 per cent. of its revenues for the year ended 31 December 2020. Similar increases in revenue 
from data services are evident in the wider industry trend. 
In all of the markets in which the Group operates, it offers operator-branded and non-branded digital and 
lifestyle services to its customers, such as mobile games, music (full track streaming, downloading and ring 
back tones), video on demand, sports updates, news alerts and infotainment. In some markets the Group 
offers more advanced services such as IPTV, mobile money and carrier billing facilities for services such 
as Google Play and Apple Store. In most cases, the operators partner with third parties to provide the 
services to their customers. 
Network Infrastructure 
The Group has developed integrated network infrastructure providing extensive coverage throughout the 
countries in which it operates. The Group's network infrastructure is fundamental to its ability to provide 
wireless and wireline services to its customers. The Group uses a variety of suppliers for its infrastructure 
throughout its operations. In addition, the Group aims to extract optimal value from its infrastructure by 
executing network and infrastructure sharing arrangements with other operators. 
Wireless Network 
The Group offers and maintains mobile telecommunications services, whether telephony or internet, or 
both, over its wireless network in every country in which it operates. When a voice call or a data 
transmission is made on a mobile device, voice or data is sent from the device and transmitted by low 
powered radio signals to the nearest base station, which in turn is connected to the core network of the 
relevant Group operating company via the access transmission infrastructure. Each base station provides 
coverage over a given geographic area, often referred to as a cell. Cells can be as small as an individual 
building or as large as 20 miles across and each is equipped with its own radio transmitter and receiver 
antenna. This network of cells provides, within certain limitations, coverage over the service area. When a 
customer using a mobile device approaches the boundary of one cell, the mobile network senses that the 
signal is becoming weak and automatically hands over the call to the transmission unit in the next cell into 
which the device is moving. 
The principal components of a mobile telecommunications network are: 
 
base transceiver stations:  consisting of a transmitter and receiver and serving as a bridge between 
mobile users in one cell and the mobile switching centre via base station controllers and radio 
network controllers; 
 
base station controllers/radio network controller:  devices that connect to and control the base 
station within each cell site; 
 
mobile switching centres:  control the base station controllers and the routing of telephone calls; 
 
transmission lines:  lines that link the mobile switching centres, base station controllers, base 
stations and fixed telecommunications networks; 
 
home location register:  a database residing in a local wireless network that contains service 
profiles and checks the identity of a local customer;

--- Page 146 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
visitor location register:  a network database that holds information about roaming wireless 
customers; 
 
various platforms for other mobile services:  for example the SMSC (the SMS centre) and the 
MMSC (the MMS centre); and 
 
billing centre:  a network database holding information about customer accounts and, for prepaid 
customers, a real time accounting of airtime and services used. 
Although these components are utilised in all of the countries in which the Group operates, each of the 
Group's subsidiaries operates and maintains its own network infrastructure. Under the laws of most of the 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates, an owner of telecommunications infrastructure must also hold a 
licence to install, operate and provide services over the network, with the exception of Iraq and Kuwait, 
where a holder of a licence (or, in Kuwait, a general authorization by decree) is required to acquire, lease 
or otherwise obtain from other authorised telecommunication service providers transmission, back-haul or 
long distance capabilities for routing and transport of telecommunications traffic originating or terminating 
on its network. 
Wireline Network 
When communication takes place over fixed-line networks, the traffic flows over a traditional wired 
infrastructure until the point it reaches the operator's access gateway where it connects to the core 
transmission infrastructure. The Group currently offers fixed line telecommunications services, to both 
individual and corporate customers in Qatar, Indonesia, Oman, Kuwait, Maldives, Myanmar and Tunisia. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the regulatory authorities in Kuwait have announced their plans to 
liberalise Kuwait's infrastructure services, but have not undertaken any further action in relation to this. See 
"Principal OperationsKuwaitRegulation".  
Marketing and Distribution 
Although the Group provides guidance to its subsidiaries as to best practices for developing their marketing 
and distribution activities, each subsidiary is responsible for marketing its services in the countries and 
regions in which it operates. As the number of products and services offered by the Group, particularly 
value-added and digital network services, continues to grow, the Group believes that increasing customer 
awareness of these new products and services is critical to its success. The Group seeks to increase 
consumer awareness of its new products and services, build customer loyalty, differentiate its services from 
those of its competitors, pick unique selling points, enhance customer experience and improve ease of use. 
In addition, the Group seeks to supplement its marketing efforts with corporate and event sponsorships. For 
example, Ooredoo appointed FC Barcelona and Argentina National Team football player Lionel Messi as 
its global brand ambassador in 2013, and are top sponsors of leading football club Paris Saint-Germain.  
The Group's sales structure utilises different types of distribution channels, adapted for different customer 
segments. In each market, the Group deploys the mix of channels that it believes is best suited for the 
demographics of the customers in that market. This typically includes a combination of direct account 
managers, owned shops, third party branded shops, third party unbranded shops, telephone and internet 
based sales.  
The Group is strongly focused on building online sales capabilities and increasing the penetration of online 
sales in its markets to shift sales from offline retail channels to online channels in order to better control 
and cost optimise the customer journey. In the telecommunications market this is further driven by the 
introduction of the eSim, which makes a completely online sales and fulfilment process possible. This 
strategy focuses on the following key areas: enablement and setup of digital sales/ ecommerce platform 
suitable to the region; aiming to provide a best-in-class shopping user experience and customer journey  
across website and apps; end-to-end fulfilment process for order processing, logistics, picking packing and 
web to home delivery; the availability of assorted customer options for fulfilment (e.g., last mile, home 
delivery, click and collect, pick from store); and increasing ARPU by efficient upselling and cross selling 
through digital channels through effective use of digital analytics.

--- Page 147 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
Customer Relationship Management 
The Group provides after sales support through three channels:  contact centres; its own and third party 
branded shops; and online and digital channels such as web portals, self-care applications and WhatsApp. 
Each subsidiary of the Group maintains its own database relating to services used by each customer in order 
to facilitate and tailor its customer care. 
In general, the Group believes customer care is an important mechanism for growing its revenue and 
increasing its customer base and all of its subsidiaries conduct detailed surveys relating to levels of customer 
satisfaction on at least a quarterly basis. In addition, the Group provides guidance on best practices to its 
subsidiaries to improve the efficiency of customer care channels and to reduce costs.  
The Group is focused on building digital customer relationships in line with changing customer behavior, 
as customers increasingly expect to be able to do 'everything' on their screen. The Group has made this a 
focal point in its digital strategy, prioritising digital care initiatives across Group companies to build, 
maintain and grow digital care channels with a focus on online self-care transactions (including recharge 
and bundle sales on apps and online). Digital care initiatives include providing high-quality digital customer 
experiences, implementing and utilising app analytics capabilities to grow digital channels sustainably, 
building and streamlining self-care capabilities to allow customers to do more online, and providing 
additional digital care support channels via Facebook messenger, chatbot, and WhatsApp. 
Competition 
Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market 
Share"), as at 31 December 2020 the Group was one of the top three largest operators by both revenue and 
number of customers in each of the key markets of Qatar, Indonesia, Iraq and Kuwait, as well as Algeria, 
Myanmar, Tunisia and Oman.  Telecommunications markets are competitive, with a number of providers 
in most countries in which the Group operates. Competition is also emerging from OTT operators offering 
services that may replace traditional telecommunications operator services such as SMS and international 
and national calls. The Group's principal competitors are other mobile network operators (and in some 
markets, integrated operators) in each of its geographic markets, many of whom are, or were, the original 
incumbent operators in their respective markets. Moreover, the mobile telecommunications business, in 
particular, has become increasingly competitive during recent years. Competition is based principally on 
brand, network coverage and technical quality, price, the availability of data services and value added 
features and quality and responsiveness of customer service. The consumer broadband business is 
principally competitive based on speed of connection, data usage allowances and price of services. For a 
discussion of competition concerns for each of the Group's principal operations see "Principal 
OperationsQatarCompetition", "Principal OperationsIndonesiaCompetition", "Principal 
OperationsIraqCompetition" and "Principal OperationsKuwaitCompetition" below. 
Regulation 
Regulatory activities by national authorities in the countries in which the Group operates have a significant 
impact on the telecommunications sector and on the Group's business. The competitive environment is also 
impacted by regulation in a number of other areas, including the allocation of radio spectrum, the provision 
of network access to third parties and network sharing. The Group anticipates that regulation will continue 
to have a major influence on both the Group and the telecommunications industry. For a discussion of the 
regulatory 
framework 
in 
each 
of 
the 
Group's 
principal 
operations 
see 
"Principal 
OperationsQatarRegulation", "Principal OperationsIndonesiaRegulation", "Principal 
OperationsIraqRegulation" and "Principal OperationsKuwaitRegulation" below. 
Licences 
The Group is dependent on the licences that each operating company holds to provide their 
telecommunications services. Further detail on the issue and regulation of licences is in the "Regulation" 
descriptions for each of the principal operations below. The table below summarises the significant fixed 
and mobile licences held by the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the Group's licences requires that the operating company complies with the terms of the licence 
and other relevant legislation in order to maintain the validity of the licences.

--- Page 148 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Country 
Fixed Licence 
Mobile Licence 
 
Expiry Date 
Expiry Date 
Qatar 
6 October 2032 
6 October 2027 
Kuwait 
- 
Indefinite(1) 
Iraq 
- 
29 August 2030 
Oman 
6 June 2034 
22 February 2035 
Algeria 
- 
2G: 13 January 2024, 3G: 1 December 2028, 4G: 3 September 
2031 
Tunisia 
May 2027 
2G: 13 May 2022, 3G: 23 May 2027, 4G: 14 March 2031 
Indonesia 
Indefinite(2) 
Indefinite(3) 
Maldives 
13 December 2030 
(VOIP) 
31 January 2035 
Palestine 
- 
10 September 2029 
Myanmar 
4 February 2029 
4 February 2029 
 _______________  
(1) In Kuwait, the Group operates under an Emiri Decree (rather than a licence) granting rights to deploy and operate a mobile 
network in Kuwait. 
(2) The licence is of indefinite validity subject to compliance with laws and regulations and subject to an evaluation every year and 
a comprehensive evaluation every five years. The provision of fixed wireless access also depends on the validity of each radio 
frequency band licence. 
(3) The licence is of indefinite validity subject to compliance with legislation and operating business and subject to a comprehensive 
evaluation every five years. The provision of mobile services also depends on the validity of each radio frequency band licence. 
Principal Operations 
Although the Group provides mobile telecommunications services in all of the countries and regions in 
which it operates, the Group considers its principal operations to be its mobile telecommunications 
operations in Qatar, Indonesia, Iraq and Kuwait, principally on the basis of percentage of Group revenue 
generated by, and the Group's holdings in, these operations. 
Qatar 
Overview 
Qatar is an Arab state in the Middle East, which shares a land border as well as maritime borders with Saudi 
Arabia and maritime borders with the Kingdom of Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and the Islamic 
Republic of Iran. According to the United Nations Statistics Division Demographic Yearbook 2018 and the 
World Bank, Qatar has an area of approximately 11,627 square kilometres and a population of 2.8 million. 
According to the World Bank and the Qatar Central Bank, Qatar's estimated GDP per capita for 2019 was 
U.S.$62,088 and its real GDP growth in 2019 averaged negative 1.1 per cent., with consumer price inflation 
rate for 2019 at negative 0.7 per cent. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, sovereign credit ratings for 
Qatar stood at AA- (S&P), AA- (Fitch) and Aa3 (Moody's), with all assigning a stable outlook. Ooredoo 
believes that Qatar's demographic profile forms a strong base for long-term demand for its consumer mobile 
services. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information— 
Industry, Market and Customer Data"), as at the date of the Base Prospectus mobile penetration in Qatar's 
mobile telecommunications market stood at approximately 170 per cent. 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is responsible for the Group's operations in Qatar, where it operates under the trading 
name "Ooredoo Qatar". As at 31 December 2020, Ooredoo Qatar provided mobile telecommunications 
services in Qatar to approximately 2.9 million mobile customers. Based on the Group's internal analysis 
(see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus Ooredoo Qatar was the largest cellular operator in Qatar by number of customers, with an 
estimated 64 per cent. market share by subscribers.  For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group's 
operations in Qatar generated revenues of QR7,072.5 million (U.S.$1,942.2 million), which amounted to 
24.5 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue. 
Customers and Tariffs 
Ooredoo Qatar is a full-service telecommunications provider, offering a comprehensive range of mobile, 
fixed, broadband internet and corporate managed services tailored to the needs of consumers and 
businesses.

--- Page 149 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Ooredoo Qatar offers wireless services in Qatar on both a prepaid basis and a postpaid basis and through 
various tariff plans. As at 31 December 2020, 73.2 per cent. of Ooredoo Qatar's mobile customers in Qatar 
were prepaid customers and 26.8 per cent. were postpaid customers. 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Qatar's mobile customers in Qatar as at 31 
December 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Mobile customers (in thousands)(1) 
 
 
 
Prepaid customers………………………………………… 
2,167.7 
2,126.9 
2,130.7 
Postpaid customers(2)…………………………………… 
725.7 
769.2 
781.6 
Total……………………………………………………… 
2,893.4 
2,896.1 
2,912.3 
 _______________  
(1) "Mobile customers" includes total registered and active mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Ooredoo Qatar defines 
an active customer as: (i) in the case of a postpaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has no outstanding balance beyond 
credit limit on the account more than 120-145 days after the last statement date; or (ii) in the case of a prepaid customer, one that 
has activated its SIM and has not failed to recharge within  90 days of validity expiry. In each of "prepaid customers" and "postpaid 
customers", customer mobile numbers include both voice customers and mobile broadband customers. 
(2) Includes wireless broadband customers. 
In addition to its mobile customers, Ooredoo Qatar also had 361.9 thousand fixed line customers as at 31 
December 2020. 
Ooredoo Qatar, as the incumbent telecommunications provider in Qatar, has an established brand, a robust 
network infrastructure and an extensive distribution network. Vodafone Qatar launched its mobile 
telecommunications services in Qatar from March 2009. Until March 2009, Ooredoo Qatar (then known as 
Qatar Telecom (Qtel) Q.S.C.) was the sole telecommunications provider in Qatar. 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Qatar's ARPU in Qatar for the periods indicated. 
 
For the three months ended  
31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(QR) 
ARPU(1) 
 
 
 
Postpaid………………………………………………………………. 
276.6 
265.6 
226.2 
Prepaid………………………………………………………………... 
60.9 
50.6 
41.4 
Blended ARPU……………………………………………………….. 
114.3 
107.4 
90.2 
 _______________  
(1) For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Presentation of Financial and Other InformationIndustry, Market and 
Customer DataARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent 
experts. 
Ooredoo Qatar offers prepaid plans to individual customers in Qatar under the brand name "Hala". 
Customers accessing the Hala service pay an up-front fee for a set amount of services and receive a prepaid 
SIM card that has an initial credit. This credit can be replenished by a variety of means, including at physical 
points of sale, such as news-stands, grocery shops, kiosks, ATMs, by using the Ooredoo Mobile application 
and over the Internet. Ooredoo Qatar offers a variety of branded consumer and business-oriented products 
and services to its prepaid customers in Qatar. In addition to the standard Hala service, Ooredoo Qatar 
offers Hala Packs, which offer bundles of call time, SMS messages and mobile data. 
Ooredoo Qatar offers postpaid plans to individual customers in Qatar under the "Shahry", Aamali and 
Qatarna brand names.  These monthly services enable customers to choose from a variety of packages, most 
of which includes a number of local voice minutes, SMS, MMS and internet download options at rates that 
are generally lower than those available under Ooredoo Qatar's prepaid services. 
In line with the Group's strategy to be a leading provider of data services, Ooredoo Qatar also offers mobile 
internet packs for smartphones, tablets, laptops and computers, as well other connected devices, as well as 
a roaming service called "Ooredoo Passport", which is a roaming service that provides voice, SMS and 
mobile data when travelling overseas.

--- Page 150 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
Consistent with Ooredoo's strategy to develop value-added smart services to complement the increasing 
trend for data, Ooredoo Qatar (in conjunction with Qatar National Bank) offers a service called "Mobile 
Money", which is a mobile wallet service that allows customers in Qatar to deposit, withdraw, pay and send 
money securely through their phones. 
In addition to mobile services, Ooredoo Qatar also offers a varied portfolio of fixed line services for homes 
and businesses. It provides landlines across Qatar, offering free calls to local landlines, as well as mobile 
and international calling. In addition, Ooredoo Qatar's nationwide FTTP network provides fast internet 
connections for homes and businesses. Ooredoo Qatar is a leading provider of digital entertainment services 
for the home, through Ooredoo TV, the region's first commercial 4K TV offering, combining apps, on-
demand and live television in one box.  
Ooredoo Qatar's investment in nationwide infrastructure, including 5G networks, 4G+ networks, fibre 
networks and Ooredoo Data Centre, enables the company to provide a broad range of business services for 
companies ranging from small and home offices through to large-scale enterprises, as well as government 
and public institutions. Launched in 2006, Ooredoo Data Centre offers a full suite of enterprise services, 
supporting innovative new technologies and delivering security and control for organisations' important 
digital and data assets. The Data Centre has enabled Ooredoo Qatar to provide Cloud Services to companies 
across Qatar, including Cloud Security, Infrastructure as a Service, Voice and Collaboration Suites, Fleet 
Management, Disaster Recovery and Data Centre Services. It also provides co-location and hosted Cloud 
Services. Ooredoo Qatar has also been awarded a major contract by the Qatar government to provide the 
central platform for the foundation of Qatar's transformation into a "Smart Nation", a sustainable, 
technology-driven nation. Ooredoo Qatar is the key partner in this initiative, called TASMU, which will 
oversee and manage the digital development of Qatar by providing structure, governance and delivery 
enablement for the implementation of smart technologies across five national priority sectors: 
transportation, logistics, healthcare, environment and sports. 
For the business sector, Ooredoo Qatar provides fixed line connectivity services with high-quality and self-
managed voice services as well through advanced ISDN-PRI and BRI. 
In addition, Ooredoo Qatar also supports machine-to-machine services, known as "M2M", which lets 
companies enable their business assets to communicate directly with each other and automate day-to-day 
tasks. It provides TETRA, a two-way transceiver system (popularly known as the walkie-talkie) that is 
designed for professional mobile radio applications and for use in mission critical scenarios. 
Ooredoo Qatar offers business SMS and USSD services, ISDN and toll-free line support, Internet and 
Ethernet VPN, and VSAT Internet services for remotely located offices and worksites. 
Ooredoo Qatar has also entered into a joint venture called Intaleq with Aspire Zone Foundation. The joint 
venture is engaged in the delivery, management operations and support of ICT systems supporting the 
stadiums for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. 
Network Infrastructure 
As at 31 December 2020, Ooredoo Qatar's mobile telecommunications network in Qatar comprised over 
1,500 outdoor cell sites (the definition of which differs from company to company, although Ooredoo Qatar 
defines a cell site as the infrastructure and radio equipment associated with a cellular transmitting and 
receiving station, including land, building, tower, antennas and electrical equipment) and over 1,300 indoor 
cell sites. Ooredoo Qatar regularly monitors congestion on its network to assess whether the network has 
sufficient capacity to meet the volume of traffic. Since 2009, Ooredoo Qatar has also benefited from a 
partnership with Vodafone Qatar for outdoor and indoor site sharing, which allows, inter alia, the sharing 
of certain mobile towers between the two companies and the sharing of other infrastructure. 
In early 2010, Ooredoo Qatar completed the upgrade of its existing mobile broadband network and base 
stations, allowing it to provide high speed downlink packet access (HSDPA) for Qatar, allowing users to 
benefit from improved data download speeds and is currently rolling out "Fibre to the Home" ("FTTH"), 
with a stated aim of linking homes across Qatar with fibre connections and allowing them to enjoy ultra-
high speed internet and other additional services such as high definition (HD) digital television. As at 31 
December 2020, Ooredoo Qatar had connected around 486,000 households to its FTTX network.

--- Page 151 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
As a result of increasing international capacity requirements, Ooredoo has invested in a number of global 
cables in order to connect to important and strategic internet data centres in Europe, the United States and 
Asia. The first of these global cables, the FALCON cable, was connected to Qatar in 2005. In November 
2009, Ooredoo entered into a second global cable agreement with TATA Communications for the 
connection of the TGN (TATA Global Network) Gulf Cable in Qatar. The TGN Gulf Cable system became 
operational in 2012, facilitating access for carriers and businesses with a direct route into emerging markets 
of the Gulf region. A third global cable, the Gulf Bridge International (GBI) submarine cable, was 
connected to Qatar in 2012, further enhancing the diversity and resilience of the Ooredoo network. 
Ooredoo owns capacity on multiple global cables (SMW3, SMW4 and IMEWE) connecting Qatar to 
Europe, the United States and Asia through the UAE and Saudi Arabia. Ooredoo is part of the Fibre Optic 
Gulf (FOG) and Qatar-UAE Bilateral (Das-Halul) Cable Consortiums and is interconnected terrestrially 
with all three operators in Saudi Arabia. In 2014 and 2015, Ooredoo invested in the global consortiums, 
AAE-1 and SMW5 Cable, for landing in Qatar and Oman.  
In May 2018, Ooredoo Qatar launched the world's first live 5G network in Doha, then worked to upgrade 
its network to support 5G-compatible devices, including the installation of more 5G-enabled network 
towers. In December 2018, the Communications Regulatory Authority assigned the 5G spectrum for 
commercial use and granted Ooredoo Qatar its spectrum licence for 5G. Ooredoo Qatar has recently 
conducted trials within the 200 MHz spectrum and achieved speeds up to 4.2 Gbps. The technology, 
deployed within the network, uses advanced 5G and 4G carrier aggregation functionality, increasing the 
data rate per user by assigning multiple frequency blocks to the same user.  
Marketing and Distribution 
Ooredoo Qatar sells its mobile telecommunications services in Qatar through indirect channels (third party 
distributors and electronic channels), Ooredoo-owned shops and through a sales force focused on the 
corporate sector. In addition, Ooredoo Qatar also currently sells a limited number of handsets through its 
subsidiary Starlink. Ooredoo Qatar also sells through online channels, both its own as well as through third-
party online channels. 
As at 31 December 2020, customers in Qatar can apply for prepaid mobile services, postpaid mobile 
services, fixed services and can pay their bills at more than 65 outlets operated by five premium dealers 
throughout Qatar and through digital channels. 
Ooredoo Qatar has agreements with three principal national distributors that together cater to over 2,500 
sales outlets. These distributors sell mostly prepaid services to the middle-to lower-income market. In 
addition to this indirect channel, Ooredoo Qatar owns and directly operates nine shops and owns 15 
franchise shops operated by third parties, in addition to 10 express shops owned and operated by third 
parties and branded by Ooredoo.  Each of these shops also act as points of service and support its customers. 
Ooredoo's sales force focuses on selling telecommunications services to corporate customers and high-
value users. 
Competition 
Until March 2009, Ooredoo Qatar was the sole telecommunications provider in Qatar and was not subject 
to competition from other service providers, except in certain limited circumstances, including where it 
permitted third parties to sell products or provide services that competed with products and services that it 
provided. However, in keeping with the trend throughout the MENA region toward liberalising 
telecommunications markets, the CRA (then known as ictQATAR) issued a licence to provide mobile 
telecommunications services in Qatar to Vodafone Qatar. Vodafone Qatar began offering its mobile 
services in Qatar in March 2009 and obtained a licence to operate a fixed line service on 29 April 2010. 
Although Ooredoo Qatar lost some of its market share when Vodafone Qatar was first launched, based on 
the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), it 
has between 2018 and 2020 maintained its revenue market share between 75 per cent. and 79 per cent. 
Regulation 
The telecommunications regulatory authority in Qatar, the CRA (and formerly ictQATAR), grants licences 
to service providers, implements policies designed to promote competition in the telecommunications 
sector in Qatar and imposes and monitors specific regulatory obligations for dominant operators. For a

--- Page 152 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
discussion of the financial impact of granting a licence to competitors, see "Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsFactors Affecting Results of 
OperationsRoyalties and FeesQatar". 
Under its operating licence granted by the CRA, Ooredoo is obligated to pay to the CRA an annual industry 
fee of 12.5 per cent. on adjusted profits generated from Ooredoo's operations in Qatar, as well as a licence 
fee of 1.5 per cent. of revenues. For the purposes of calculating the industry fee, adjusted net profits are 
calculated as the difference between Ooredoo's net revenue and any allowable operating expenses that 
Ooredoo has incurred in the relevant calendar year that are directly related to its regulated activities under 
its telecommunications licence. 
In October 2011, following the MDDD Review, the CRA designated Ooredoo Qatar as a dominant service 
provider in all 14 telecommunications markets in Qatar. The telecommunications markets were split into 
retail markets, which include publicly available fixed and mobile services, broadband services and retail 
leased lines; and wholesale markets, which include call origination and call termination, transit services, 
wholesale leased lines and access to and the use of physical passive network infrastructure (such as ducts, 
dark fibre, copper, sites, towers and international gateway facilities) at fixed locations. From the MDDD 
Review, Vodafone Qatar was also designated as a dominant service provider in two wholesale 
telecommunications markets. Under the Qatari Telecommunications Law, the licences issued to Ooredoo 
Qatar and Vodafone Qatar, and other regulatory instruments, the designation as a dominant service provider 
triggers a range of regulatory obligations, such as the requirement to obtain tariff approval from the CRA 
and the prohibition of activities constituting an abuse of dominant position, such as undue price 
discrimination, certain forms of bundling and tying, some forms of cross-subsidisation and refusal to 
supply. In 2016, the CRA undertook a subsequent MDDD review, following which it lifted the designation 
of Ooredoo Qatar as a dominant service in the retail mobile market, which lifted a number of regulatory 
obligations in relation to tariff approval. Ooredoo Qatar retained its dominant provider designation within 
the relevant fixed markets. 
The CRA has, over the years, intervened to set the rates that Ooredoo Qatar and Vodafone Qatar should 
pay each other in respect of interconnection charges and for other types of access, typically based on cost. 
Moreover, the CRA requires mobile operators who have been designated as dominant service providers to 
obtain its prior approval before setting retail tariffs for public telecommunication services.  
The CRA has held a number of public consultations in a range of areas, including the rollout of 
infrastructure for new large-scale projects and developments, amendments to licensing requirements, 
wholesale reference offers and service quality. If required, the CRA (or the Minister of Transport and 
Communications as the case may require) may issue additional licences. The CRA has previously issued 
two licenses (to United Development Company PSC and the Qatar National Broadband Network 
("QNBN")) that enable these companies to construct passive telecommunications networks, consisting of 
the cables and towers capable of transmitting telecommunications services. The holders of such passive 
licences may lease or rent such network facilities to certain qualifying persons, including licensed 
telecommunications providers, on a non-discriminatory basis. In 2019, the CRA published a policy for an 
internet exchange in Qatar, which became operational in 2020.  
QNBN was established by ictQATAR in 2011, and is focused upon deploying passive dark fibre network 
infrastructure and providing equal and open access to telecommunications services providers on a 
wholesale basis, and owners and operators on a private basis. In April 2012, Ooredoo Qatar signed an 
agreement with QNBN providing QNBN access to all public telecommunications ducts and associated 
network elements owned by Ooredoo Qatar prior to the execution of the agreement, although activities 
under this agreement have since been suspended pending resolution of a dispute with QNBN. 
Mobile number portability services, allowing customers to switch mobile service providers whilst retaining 
their existing telephone numbers, became operational in Qatar in January 2013, followed by fixed number 
portability services in mid-2020. The CRA has established a centralised "Numbering Management System" 
to be used by licensed telecommunications service providers, automating all the numbering resource 
management functions, including numbering block allocations, reservations and reporting.

--- Page 153 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
Indonesia 
Overview 
According to the World Factbook published by the Central Intelligence Agency, Indonesia is made up of 
17,508 islands in the Asia Pacific region and has an area of approximately 1,904,569 square kilometres. 
According to the Indonesian Central Bureau of Statistics, Indonesia had an estimated total population of 
270.2 million. According to the World Bank, Indonesia's estimated GDP per capita for the year ended 2019 
was U.S.$4,135.6, its GDP annual growth rate for 2019 was 3.9 per cent., and its consumer price annual 
inflation rate was 1.6 per cent for 2019. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, sovereign credit ratings for 
Indonesia stood at BBB (S&P), Baa2 (Moody's) and BBB (Fitch).  
As at 31 December 2020, Indosat Ooredoo provided mobile telecommunications services in Indonesia to 
60.3 million mobile customers and was among the three largest cellular operators in Indonesia by number 
of customers. As at the date of the Base Prospectus, Indosat Ooredoo had an estimated 21 per cent. market 
share based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—
Market Share"). Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data"), as at the date of the Base Prospectus, mobile 
penetration in Indonesia's mobile telecommunications market was approximately 126 per cent. As at 31 
December 2020, Ooredoo held a 65.0 per cent. stake in Indosat Ooredoo. For the year ended 31 December 
2020, Indosat Ooredoo generated revenues of QR6,983.3 million (U.S.$1,917.7 million), which amounted 
to 24.2 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue. 
Indosat Ooredoo has an established brand and a distribution network covering major cities in Java and 
Sumatra, as well as population centres in Kalimantan, Papua, Sulawesi and Bali. The Group believes that 
given the size of the population and the growth of the mobile telecommunications sector, network capacity 
and coverage in Indonesia will remain a key strategic differentiator.  
Customers and Tariffs 
The following table sets out Indosat Ooredoo's mobile customer numbers as at 31 December 2018, 2019 
and 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Mobile customers (in thousands) (1) 
 
 
 
Prepaid ................................................................  
56,430.6 
57,783.6 
58,657.0 
Postpaid ...............................................................  
1,643.8 
1,510.8 
1,616.7 
Total ...................................................................  
58,074.3 
59,294.4 
60,273.6 
 _______________  
(1) Mobile customers means total registered and active mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Indosat Ooredoo defines 
an "active mobile customer" as a mobile customer: (i) who, in the case of a postpaid cellular customer, has an unpaid bill 
outstanding more than 50 days after the bill is issued; or (ii) who, in the case of a prepaid customer, generated a revenue event 
within the last 90 days of the reporting period or has motivated one from another party. See "Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsFactors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of 
OperationsCustomer base". 
 
In 2017 and 2018, the government of Indonesia began enforcing more strictly a regulation requiring 
mandatory registration (and re-verification) of SIM cards to enable the identification of each individual 
using a mobile service. The process requires validation with the government's database, without which the 
registration (or re-verification) cannot be completed. This policy had a substantial effect on the total number 
of mobile subscribers in Indonesia, including Indosat Ooredoo, which experienced a 47.4 per cent. decrease 
in mobile customer numbers in 2018 compared to 2017. The market stabilised in 2019, however, and 
Indosat Ooredoo's mobile customer numbers began increasing, including stable growth in 2020 amidst the 
COVID pandemic, reaching 60.3 million as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 154 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
The following table presents selected information regarding Indosat Ooredoo's ARPU for the periods 
indicated. 
 
For the three months ended  
31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(QR) 
ARPU(1) 
 
 
 
Postpaid………………………………………………………………. 
20.5 
25.7 
20.4 
Prepaid………………………………………………………………... 
5.7 
6.8 
7.9 
Blended ARPU……………………………………………………….. 
6.1 
7.3 
8.3 
 _______________  
(1) For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
OperationsFactors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of OperationsARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or 
otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
Indosat Ooredoo offers postpaid plans to individual customers in Indonesia under the brand name "IM3 
Ooredoo Postpaid". Given the international trend towards convergence of services, IM3 Ooredoo Postpaid 
"Prime" offers an all-in-one package which bundles services for domestic calls, high-speed data services 
and digital lifestyle benefits, such as movies, music, games, discounts for roaming and international direct 
dialing services. In addition, IM3 Ooredoo Postpaid also introduced "Super Plan", targeted to high use 
customers of the prepaid segment seeking flexibility on utilisation of Indosat Ooredoo's services. 
Indosat Ooredoo offers prepaid plans primarily under the brand name "IM3 Ooredoo Prepaid". IM3 
Ooredoo is the leading brand of Indosat Ooredoo aimed at the general market offering bundled services for 
different market segments offering a simple and affordable tariff plan. IM3 Ooredoo Prepaid offers free 
national roaming, and the Group believes that Indosat Ooredoo's products have a high degree of brand 
awareness, thereby providing a competitive advantage when attempting to attract and retain customers in a 
competitive market.  
In addition to mobile services, Indosat Ooredoo also offers a portfolio of fixed line services for homes and 
businesses, including fixed line telephony service and fast internet connections for homes and businesses 
via its FTTP network. Indosat Ooredoo offers high-speed point-to-point international and domestic digital 
leased line broadband and narrowband services and a high-performance packet-switching service. See 
"Products and ServicesWireline Businesses". 
Network Infrastructure 
As at 31 December 2020, Indosat Ooredoo's mobile telecommunications network in Indonesia comprised 
over 24,000 physical sites. Indosat Ooredoo regularly monitors congestion on its network to assess whether 
the network has sufficient capacity to meet the volume of traffic. 
Its network is an integrated and predominantly intellectual property-based system employing switching 
equipment, cell site equipment and a transmission network. Most of Indosat Ooredoo's cell sites and radio 
base stations are located in or on buildings or on towers for which leases have been negotiated by Indosat 
Ooredoo for terms typically varying from five to 20 years. In 2016, Indosat Ooredoo outsourced its 
information technology operations to IBM as a third-party service provider in order to achieve cost 
efficiencies and improve its information technology support delivery. In July 2020, Indosat Ooredoo, 
together with Ericsson and Huawei, commenced a project aimed at developing a full managed services 
"digital operating model" for Indosat Ooredoo's network, combining recent developments in analytics, 
automation, artificial intelligence and fault predictability to further enhance customer experience. 
Indosat Ooredoo has engaged in sale and leaseback transactions with entities specialising in the 
management and maintenance of telecommunications towers in order to free up capital from its tower 
portfolio and reduce the costs of managing and maintaining the assets. In February 2012, Indosat Ooredoo 
entered into an agreement with PT Tower Bersama Infrastructure Tbk and its 91.0 per cent. owned 
subsidiary, PT Solusi Menara Indonesia, for the sale and leaseback of 2,500 towers, representing 
approximately 25 per cent. of Indosat Ooredoo's tower assets, for upfront consideration of U.S.$429.2 
million plus a potential maximum deferred payment of U.S.$112.5 million over the ten-year life of the 
leaseback period. Under the terms of the sale, Indosat Ooredoo will lease the towers for a minimum period 
of 10 years at negotiated rates.  In October 2019, Indosat Ooredoo entered into similar agreements with PT 
Professional Telekomunikasi Indonesia and PT Dayamitra Telekomunikasi for the sale and leaseback of

--- Page 155 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
1,000 towers and 2,100 towers, respectively, representing approximately 38 per cent. of Indosat Ooredoo's 
tower assets, for total cash consideration of U.S.$459.2 million. Under the terms of the sale, Indosat 
Ooredoo will lease the towers for a minimum period of 10 years at negotiated rates.  
Indosat Ooredoo's cellular network operates on 2x12.5 MHz bandwidth in 900 MHz spectrum for 2G, 3G 
and 4G services, 2x20 MHz bandwidth in 1800 MHz spectrum for 2G and 4G services, and 2x15 MHz in 
2100 MHz spectrum for 3G and 4G services. All spectrum bands are technology neutral.  
Marketing and Distribution 
Indosat Ooredoo sells its mobile telecommunications services in Indonesia mainly through indirect 
channels (third party distributors) and through a sales force directly to consumers. Indosat Ooredoo also 
sells through online channels, both its own as well as through third-party online channels. 
Indosat Ooredoo maintains a network of independent dealers who have their own distribution networks 
throughout Indonesia and sell prepaid services primarily to individuals. In addition Indosat Ooredoo 
operates integrated walk-in centres under the name "Gerai Indosat" which are operated by Indosat Ooredoo 
and exclusive distributors, including partners. These walk-in centres provide customer service, sales and 
product information. 
As part of Indosat Ooredoo's strategy to exert greater control over its retail distribution channel, it has 
entered into a joint-venture agreement with Erajaya, one of Indonesia's leading mobile phone distributors, 
pursuant to which Erajaya has launched retail outlets that exclusively sell Indosat Ooredoo products. 
Competition 
The Indonesian mobile telecommunications market is highly competitive, with the three largest providers 
of wireless services in Indonesia, PT Telekomunikasi Selular ("Telkomsel"), PT XL Axiata Tbk ("XL 
Axiata") and Indosat Ooredoo generating approximately 84 per cent. of total revenue in Indonesia's 
wireless telecommunications services market as at 31 December 2020 (based on the Group's estimates made 
using available market data). Competition is based principally on network coverage and technical quality, 
price, the availability of data services and special features and quality and responsiveness of customer 
service. 
In addition to increased price competition for mobile telecommunications services, several 
telecommunications operators in Indonesia hold licences to operate a 4G mobile telecommunications 
network. As 5G technology becomes available in Indonesia, it is not currently anticipated that special 5G 
licences will be awarded; operators will deliver services using 5G technology using their existing 
technology neutral spectrum bands. 
Telecommunication infrastructure plays a critical role in maintaining a competitive advantage, including 
spectrum ownership and fiberization (as fiberized sites serve as the backbone for network infrastructure in 
the rollout of 5G). Additional spectrum bands suitable for 5G technology are expected to be released in 
stages between 2022 and 2024. 
Mobile telecommunications consumers are shifting increasingly towards data usage, leading to declining 
revenues for operators from voice and SMS services. This trend has been accelerated by the COVID 
pandemic, which resulted in significant increases in data usage as Indonesian consumers were forced to 
remain home due to social distancing and quarantine measures imposed by health authorities. To address 
consumer demands, operators introduced unlimited data packages to attract new subscribers. As 
competition in this space intensifies, however, the profitability of such packages is expected to diminish 
and network capacity to improve in order to cater to increased demand. 
The Group believes barriers to entry in the Indonesian mobile and fixed line telecommunications services 
industry are currently comparatively high due to limited availability of frequency spectrum, a capital 
intensive operating environment, difficulties in acquiring sites for network expansion and the established 
market presence of the three incumbents. Nevertheless, the Group anticipates continued intense competition 
within the Indonesian telecommunications industry generally. In response to this, the Group intends to 
dedicate future capital expenditure to its mobile telecommunications services in an effort to increase 
network capacity and service quality in an effective way.

--- Page 156 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Regulation 
Through the Ministry of Communication and Informatics ("MOCI"), the government of Indonesia 
regulates telecommunications network operations and the provision of telecommunications services. In 
addition, the MOCI regulates the radio frequency spectrum allocation for all telecommunications operators, 
which are required to be licensed by the Central Government for each service utilising radio frequency 
spectrum. The deregulation of the telecommunications sector is closely linked with Indonesia's national 
economic recovery programme. While the government of Indonesia has historically maintained a monopoly 
over telecommunications services in Indonesia, reforms, the majority of which came into effect in 
September 2000, including, recent development of Law No. 11 of 2020 on Job Creation (the "Job Creation 
Law") have attempted to create a regulatory framework to promote competition and accelerate 
infrastructure investment in telecommunications facilities. 
The reforms of the regulatory environment for the Indonesian telecommunications sector have their 
foundation in Law No. 36 of 1999 ("Law 36/1999") regarding Telecommunications as partially amended 
by the Job Creation Law ("Indonesian Telecommunications Law"). The Law 36/1999 became effective 
on 8 September 2000, and provides key guidelines for industry reforms, including industry liberalisation, 
facilitation of new entrants and enhanced competition. 
In November 2020, the Government passed the Job Creation Law, with implementing regulations enacted 
in February 2021. The law is an effort by the Government to comprehensively amend numerous sectoral 
laws and amend or revoke numerous regulations (including in the telecommunications sector) with the goal 
of creating job opportunities and improving Indonesia's investment ecosystem. Regarding 
telecommunications, the law aims, among other things, to support the acceleration of digitalisation and 
accessibility of broadband services in Indonesia through various means, including: preventing 
inefficiencies through the optimization of the frequency spectrum and limiting passive infrastructure by 
means of certain infrastructure and network sharing obligations, and ensuring a sustainable competitive 
environment through price regulation.  
Under the Indonesian Telecommunications Law, each operator must provide guarantees to consumers in 
relation to certain matters including quality of service, usage and service fees and compensation. The law 
also allows customers who are injured or sustain damages to file claims against negligent providers. The 
government of Indonesia has issued regulations establishing penalties for telecommunication operators 
which, among other requirements, do not meet the requisite quality requirements for their services and 
development commitments.  
Each telecommunications operator is required to pay to the government of Indonesia a telecommunications 
operation fee and a frequency spectrum fee and, in addition, is required to contribute to a fund to finance 
universal service obligations. The telecommunications operation fee for each telecommunications operator 
is 0.5 per cent. of adjusted gross revenues per financial year, consisting of items such as revenues from 
leasing of networks, interconnection charges, activation of new customers, usage charges, roaming charges 
and SIM cards, and excluding revenues from leasing of premises, vehicle rental, consultation services, 
infrastructure construction and installation services, systems integration and development, sale and 
purchase or lease of non-telecommunication equipment, sale and purchase of telecommunication equipment 
and other business activities not related to telecommunications, provided that the services are not bundled 
with telecommunications services. Frequency spectrum fees for bands that won in auction are based on the 
auction price (expressed as an annual fee). For other bands, frequency spectrum fees are calculated pursuant 
to a formula based on bandwidth, inflation, population and index. The frequency spectrum fees may be 
further adjusted in the event of (i) any optimalisation of the utilisation of radio frequency spectrum, and/or 
(ii) any imposition of national interests on the frequency spectrum license holders. 
In addition, each telecommunications operator is required to pay the government of Indonesia a "universal 
service obligations" fee of 1.25 per cent. of adjusted gross revenue per financial year. 
Memorandum of Understanding 
On 28 December 2020, Ooredoo announced that it had entered into an exclusive and non-legally binding 
memorandum of understanding with CK Hutchison Holdings Limited in relation to a potential transaction 
to combine their respective telecommunications businesses in Indonesia, PT Indosat Tbk and PT Hutchison 
3 Indonesia. The exclusivity period for the memorandum of understanding is valid until 30 April 2021. As

--- Page 157 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, no binding agreement in relation to the possible combination has been 
entered into and Ooredoo is in the early stages of assessing the merits of such a potential transaction. 
Iraq 
Overview 
Iraq shares a border with Jordan, Iran, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Syria and Turkey. A small part of its territory 
also borders the Arabian Gulf. According to the United Nations Statistics Division Demographic Yearbook 
2018, Iraq covers an area of approximately 435,052 square kilometres and, according to the World Fact 
Book published by the Central Intelligence Agency, it had an estimated population of 38.9 million 
inhabitants in 2020. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data"), as at the date of the Base Prospectus, mobile 
penetration in Iraq was approximately 93 per cent. 
As the first company to achieve nationwide coverage in Iraq, Asiacell was the second largest cellular 
operator in Iraq by number of customers as at 31 December 2020 based on the Group's internal analysis 
(see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), with Asiacell having an estimated 
38 per cent. market share by subscribers as at the date of the Base Prospectus and having an established 
brand and distribution network covering all 18 governorates of Iraq. For the year ended 31 December 2020, 
the Group's operations in Iraq generated revenues of QR4,019.8 million (U.S.$1,103.9 million), which 
amounted to 13.9 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue. 
As at 31 December 2020, Ooredoo held a 64.1 per cent. effective economic stake in Asiacell. Asiacell 
provided mobile telecommunications services in Iraq to 14.7 million mobile customers as at 31 December 
2020. 
In Iraq, telecommunications services have achieved comparatively low levels of market penetration. While 
Iraq had a relatively low per capita GDP of U.S.$5,955.1 in 2019, according to the World Bank, the Group 
believes that Iraq's attractive demographic profile, stabilized security situation and the significant economic 
growth opportunities available to Iraq, principally through hydrocarbons, forms a strong base for long-term 
demand growth for consumer mobile services. 
Customers and Tariffs 
The following table presents information about Asiacell's total mobile customers as at 31 December 2018, 
2019 and 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Mobile customers (in thousands) (1) ...................... 
14,232.0 
14,162.1 
14,718.9 
 _______________  
(1) "Mobile customers" includes all registered mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Asiacell defines a registered mobile 
customer as one that has any chargeable event in the previous 90 days.  
The ARPU of Asiacell has declined slightly in recent years, reflecting pricing pressures driven by increased 
competition. 
The following table presents information about Asiacell's ARPU for the periods indicated. 
 
For the three months ended 
31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(QR) 
ARPU(1)………………………………………………………….. 
26.8 
29.2 
22.3 
 _______________  
(1) For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
OperationsFactors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of OperationsARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or 
otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
Asiacell offers wireless services in Iraq primarily on a prepaid basis, with several product lines. Asiacell 
offers a variety of branded consumer and business-oriented prepaid services that allow customers in Iraq to

--- Page 158 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
select the plan most suitable to their patterns of usage, with a particular emphasis on offering packages that 
are simpler and more basic than those offered by the Group in its more developed markets. 
Customers accessing Asiacell's prepaid services in Iraq pay an up-front fee for a set amount of services and 
receive a prepaid SIM card that has a fixed credit that can be replenished at physical points of sale, such as 
newsstands, own shops, supermarkets and retail shops. Asiacell offers a variety of branded consumer and 
business-oriented prepaid services that allow customers in Iraq to select the plan most suitable to their 
patterns of usage. 
Asiacell also offers some wireless services on a postpaid basis, but these services are limited in number and 
do not constitute a significant part of Asiacell's business (only 0.5 per cent. of Asiacell's total customer base 
as at 31 December 2020). 
Network Infrastructure 
As at 31 December 2020, Asiacell's mobile telecommunications network in Iraq comprised close to 7,000 
cell sites, 21 media gateways and six mobile switching systems. Asiacell regularly monitors congestion on 
its network to assess whether the network has sufficient capacity to meet the volume of traffic. The service 
network is backed up by a 24-hour service call centre that offers services to customers in three languages 
(Arabic, English and Kurdish). Call centres are located in different regions in Iraq to ensure business 
continuity. 
Marketing and Distribution 
Asiacell sells its mobile telecommunications services in Iraq through indirect channels (third-party 
distributors) and stores managed by Asiacell. Asiacell operates 20 directly-owned branded retail outlets, 
and 79 franchised stores. 
Asiacell has agreements with a large number of regional distributors that together distribute to over 11,000 
sales outlets. 
Competition 
There are three national mobile telecommunications operators in Iraq which hold nationwide licences:  
Asiacell, Zain and Korek Telecom. Additional licences have been granted to operators in the Kurdistan 
region. In general, competition in Iraq is characterised by an emphasis on pricing, tariffs, promotions, 
capacity, coverage and reliability. 
Regulation 
In March 2004, the Coalition Provisional Authority issued Order No. 65, which established the 
Communications and Media Commission (the "CMC") as an independent and non-profit regulator of the 
Iraqi telecommunications sector. The CMC assumed this role from the Iraqi Ministry of Communications. 
The CMC's responsibilities include: (i) licensing and regulating telecommunications, broadcasting, 
information services and other media in Iraq; (ii) assisting with the development of telecommunications 
infrastructure in Iraq; (iii) establishing a framework for full and fair competition among all 
telecommunications providers; and (iv) encouraging the evolution of electronic media and communications 
networks for all Iraqi residents. There is no telecommunication law in Iraq as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, although a draft telecommunications law was under discussion and the CMC has issued 
different regulations from time to time in order to bridge any material gaps until the draft legislation is 
finalised.  Currently the CMC is conducting public consultation and studies on various areas relating to 
fixed wireless access and ICT accessibility. It is expected that, at the end of the process, the CMC will issue 
the relevant regulations to govern substantially all  important areas of the telecommunications sector.  
In August 2007, the CMC granted Asiacell a fifteen-year licence, which may be extended by an additional 
five years, to provide 2G mobile telecommunication services throughout Iraq. In November 2014, the CMC 
granted an amendment to this licence allocating additional frequencies to Asiacell for the provision of 3G 
services, for a licence fee of U.S.$307 million. This licence is the main source of Asiacell's regulatory 
obligations. The licence originally required that Asiacell pay a licence fee of U.S.$1.25 billion to the CMC, 
the final instalment of which was paid in September 2011, making Asiacell the first telecommunications 
company in Iraq to pay the licence fee in full. In addition, the licence requires that Asiacell pays a regulatory 
fee of 18.0 per cent. of its gross revenues, reduced to 15.0 per cent. provided that the level of Iraqi

--- Page 159 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
participation in Asiacell remains at 51.0 per cent. or above. There is an ongoing dispute between the CMC 
and Asiacell as to whether Asiacell has a level of Iraqi participation of at least 51.0 per cent. and therefore 
is able to benefit from the lower fee rate. Although Asiacell has received a favourable ruling on this matter 
from the Kurdistan Court of Cassation in 2016, the CMC continues to dispute the ruling as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  See "Risk FactorsRisks Relating to Countries in which the Group Operates – The 
Group is subject to the risks of political, social and economic instability associated with countries and 
regions in which it operates or may seek to operateRegulatory uncertainties in Iraq". 
 
On 31 January 2021, Asiacell executed an annex to its existing licence with the CMC, renewing Asiacell's 
licence for a period of five years until 30 August 2027 with a possible extension of an additional three years,  
and authorising Asiacell to provide 4G services in Iraq. The renewal was initially delayed by the filing of 
a civil case by certain Iraqi parliamentarians against the Iraqi government, the CMC and the mobile 
telecommunications operators in Iraq. The appeals court confirmed the legality of the CMC's second 
decision to renew the licenses and the Supreme Judicial Council confirmed that the court of appeals' 
decision may be enforced. The court of appeals decision was appealed to the court of cassation.  
 
The CMC announced, in October 2015, its intention to introduce a fourth mobile operator in Iraq. A request 
for expression of interest was issued by the CMC in November 2015. The CMC has stated that this fourth 
mobile licence will be subject to a bidding process, although no date has been set for the bid as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. In connection therewith, in September 2020 the Iraqi parliament passed a resolution 
obliging the government to establish a national telecommunications company and grant it a 
telecommunications license in order to increase competition in the market as well as to increase financial 
revenues for the annual federal budget. The resolution obliges the CMC and the relevant authorities to 
provide all financial, technical, legal and administrative requirements for the establishment of this company, 
although as of the date of this Base Prospectus no actions have yet been taken in respect of this resolution. 
Kuwait 
Overview 
The State of Kuwait is a sovereign Arab emirate on the coast of the Arabian Gulf, bordered by Saudi Arabia 
to the south and Iraq to the north and west. According to the United Nations Statistics Division 
Demographic Yearbook 2018, Kuwait has an area of approximately 17,818 square kilometres and 
according to the World Bank had an estimated population of 4.207 million in 2019. Kuwait has a GDP per 
capita of U.S.$32,032 for 2019 and a negative GDP annual growth rate of 0.4 per cent. in 2019, according 
to the World Bank. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data"), as at the date of the Base Prospectus, mobile 
penetration in Kuwait was estimated at 159 per cent.  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial 
and Other Information—Market Share"), Ooredoo Kuwait's estimated market share by subscribers was at 
36 per cent. with an established brand and distribution network in all major areas. As at 31 December 2020, 
Ooredoo Kuwait provided mobile telecommunications services in Kuwait to 2.5 million mobile customers. 
As at 31 December 2020, Ooredoo owned a 92.1 per cent. stake in Ooredoo Kuwait, which is listed on the 
Kuwait Stock Exchange. In order to increase its revenue in Kuwait, the Group has invested in the expansion 
of its capacity and coverage for both voice and data services, which now covers 97 per cent. of the 
population. In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group's operations in Kuwait generated revenues of 
QR2,491.5 million (U.S.$684.2 million), which amounted to 8.6 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) 
of the Group's consolidated revenue.

--- Page 160 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
Customers and Tariffs 
The following table sets out Ooredoo Kuwait's mobile customer numbers as at 31 December 2018, 2019 
and 2020. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Mobile customers (in thousands) (1) 
 
 
 
Prepaid………………………………………………….. 
1,142.2 
1,368.4 
1,319.4 
Postpaid………………………………………………… 
454.3 
483.3 
450.8 
Wireless broadband…………………………………….. 
714.5 
736.1 
760.8 
Total……………………………………………………. 
2,311.0 
2,587.8 
2,531.0 
 _______________  
(1) "Mobile customers" includes total registered mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Ooredoo Kuwait defines a 
registered customer as: (i) in the case of a postpaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has no outstanding balance 
remaining on the account more than 150 days after the last statement date; or (ii) in the case of a prepaid customer, one that has 
activated its SIM and has not failed to recharge within 90 days of validity expiry. 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Kuwait's ARPU for the periods indicated. 
 
For the three months ended 
31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(QR) 
ARPU(1) 
 
 
 
Postpaid……………………………………………….... 
178.8 
163.7 
162.5 
Prepaid………………………………………………….. 
38.5 
27.0 
29.8 
Blended ARPU…………………………………………. 
68.8 
58.5 
59.3 
 _______________  
(1) For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
OperationsFactors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of OperationsARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or 
otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
There are three mobile operators in Kuwait, and it is one of the most competitive markets in the region, 
which has forced Ooredoo Kuwait to offer handset subsidies and data allowances to customers in order to 
remain competitive in the market. 
In Kuwait, Ooredoo Kuwait offers predominantly postpaid, prepaid and data packages to its customers. 
Ooredoo Kuwait's services are offered through various tariff plans for both prepaid and postpaid customers. 
Customers are able to choose from a variety of packages, including bundle offers of local voice minutes, 
SMS, MMS and internet.  
Ooredoo Kuwait also offers various handset schemes for postpaid and prepaid customers. These handsets 
are sold to the customer via various bundles at different levels of subsidy and contract period. 
Network Infrastructure 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's mobile telecommunications network in Kuwait comprised 2,499 cell 
sites and two switches. Ooredoo Kuwait regularly monitors congestion on its network to assess whether the 
network has sufficient capacity to meet the volume of traffic. 
In June 2019, Ooredoo Kuwait launched 5G services commercially in Kuwait, and has upgraded and 
expanded its network for 5G-compatible devices, with 1,600 5G sites deployed by the end of 2020. 
Marketing and Distribution 
Ooredoo Kuwait sells its mobile telecommunications services in Kuwait through indirect channels (third 
party distributors), Ooredoo Kuwait-owned shops, digital channels and through a sales force focused on 
the corporate sector. 
As at 31 December 2020, Ooredoo Kuwait has agreements with certain distributors that have approximately 
15 sales outlets. This authorised dealer network can provide network connections from points of sale. These 
distributors sell postpaid, prepaid and data services to the middle-to lower-income market. In addition,

--- Page 161 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
Ooredoo Kuwait operates a network of 73 franchise shops and 28 dealer shops, which act as points of 
service and support for its customers. 
Competition 
There are three mobile telecommunications operators in Kuwait:  Zain, Ooredoo Kuwait and stc. In Kuwait, 
operators compete for the business of relatively affluent consumers on the basis of network coverage and 
technical quality, price, the availability of data services and value-added features and quality and 
responsiveness of customer service. The market is dominated by handset offers and high data allowances 
over the 4G/5G network. 
Regulation 
Ooredoo Kuwait is authorised to provide 2G, 3G, 4G and 5G services in Kuwait. The authorisation is of 
unlimited term and validity but subject to compliance with laws and regulations and to regular evaluations 
by the regulator.  
Historically, the Ministry of Communications was responsible for all telecommunications-related 
regulations but in 2014, the State of Kuwait established the Communication Information Technology 
Regulatory Authority ("CITRA"). The general obligations of Ooredoo Kuwait and other mobile operators 
are set out in Law No. 37 of 2014 "regulating the establishment of the Communication and Information 
Technology Regulatory Authority" (as amended by Law No. 98 of 2015), the Council of Ministers Decision 
No. 993 of 2015 issuing the Executive Bylaws to Law No. 37 of 2014, and the various regulations and 
decisions issued pursuant thereto. 
Jurisdiction over the regulation of the communication sector is now divided between CITRA and the 
Ministry of Communications. The Ministry of Communications is responsible for drawing up public policy 
while CITRA is broadly responsible for all the telecommunications-related matters and regulations 
including but not limited to such matters as: the national spectrum plan, the national numbering plan, 
interconnectivity, cyber security, licensing, competition laws and tariff regulations. As a relatively recently 
created regulator, CITRA is currently working on passing many new regulations relating to a number of 
matters, including pricing, licensing rules, regulatory fees, competition and anti-competitive practices, 
network roll-out, consumer protection and privacy, interconnection and access, cyber security and others. 
The Ministry of Communications continues to have a monopoly over the Kuwaiti public switched telephone 
network and has sole responsibility for local circuits and international gateways. The Ministry of 
Communications has announced plans to privatise fixed lines and long-distance services and infrastructure, 
and may establish a new fibre infrastructure company in Kuwait to rollout access fibre with potential 
operator participation, although the timeline for any such plans is not clear. 
Employees of the Group 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had approximately 15,960 full-time equivalent employees. The 
following table sets out the number of the Group's employees as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 in 
each of the principal markets in which it maintains operations: 
 
In general, the Group's employees do not participate in any collective bargaining or similar agreements. 
However some of Indosat Ooredoo's and Ooredoo Tunisia's employees belong to a union and benefit from 
a collective labour agreement, and some of the Group's employees are associated with unions in Algeria, 
Kuwait and Oman. See "Risk FactorsRisks Relating to the Telecommunications IndustryIndustrial 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Qatar ............................................................................................  
1,362 
1,303 
1,217 
Indonesia ......................................................................................  
3,700 
3,708 
3,104 
Kuwait ..........................................................................................  
1,225 
1,132 
1,363 
Iraq ...............................................................................................  
2,832 
3,167 
2,833 
Others ...........................................................................................  
7,350 
7,407 
7,443 
Group Total ................................................................................  
16,469 
16,717 
15,960

--- Page 162 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
action or adverse labour relations could disrupt the Group's business operations and have an adverse effect 
on operating results". 
The Group provides a variety of benefits to their employees that vary based on the country and region in 
which they operate. The Group does not maintain employee pension plans but does contribute to a statutory 
pension plan for Qatari employees. In addition, the local Group company contributes to a social security 
scheme for its employees in Indonesia, Kuwait and Oman. 
Insurance 
The Group's operations are subject to operational and geographic risks, including accidents, natural 
disasters, war, terrorism, fire, weather-related perils and other events beyond the Group's control. The 
Group maintains various types of insurance policies to protect against the financial impact arising from 
unexpected events when the amount of the potential loss would be significant enough to prevent normal 
business operations. The Group cannot, however, give any assurance that this insurance will be adequate 
to protect it from all expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or 
that these levels of insurance will be available in the future at commercially reasonable prices. The Group 
does not fully insure against certain risks to the extent that such risks may not be fully insurable or related 
coverage is unavailable at what it considers to be appropriate price levels. In addition, insurance policies 
for certain types of operational risks that are typically available outside Iraq are not available in Iraq. 
The Group has not historically experienced difficulty renewing its insurance policies and it believes that its 
insurance is reasonable and consistent with industry standards. 
Intellectual Property 
In general, each of the Group's operations has sought to legally protect its trademarks and copyrights for its 
name, logos and services in its own market. However, none has sought such protection outside its own 
market. 
Litigation 
The Group is from time to time a party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of its business. 
Other than the litigation described below, the Group does not believe that the resolution of these legal 
actions will, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or 
results of operations. See Note 38 "Contingent Liabilities" to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Proceedings against PT Indosat Mega Media relating to misuse of radio frequencies 
In early 2012, the Attorney General's Office in Jakarta (the "AGO") initiated corruption proceedings against 
PT Indosat Mega Media ("IM2"), a 99 per cent owned subsidiary of PT Indosat Tbk., a subsidiary of the 
Group, for unlawful use of a radio frequency band allocation that had been granted to Indosat Ooredoo. 
On 8 July 2013, the Indonesia Corruption Court imposed a fine of QR474 million (U.S.$130 million) 
against IM2 in a related case against the former President Director of IM2. Both the former President 
Director of IM2 and the AGO lodged appeals to the Jakarta High Court. A written decision of the Supreme 
Court was received in January 2015 which confirmed that the Supreme Court had upheld the former IM2 
President Director's prison sentence of eight years and that the fine against IM2 had been reinstated. 
On 16 March 2015, the former IM2 President Director's submission of judicial review was officially 
registered at the Corruption Court. Since the criminal case verdict and the administrative case verdict were 
contradictory, on 16 March 2015 BPKP (State Audit Bureau) filed a judicial review on the administrative 
case in order to annul the previous administrative case verdict. Due to the BPKP's Judicial Review, on 13 
October 2015 the Supreme Court has issued a verdict (on the administrative case) which stated that the 
BPKP audit report held by BPKP is valid. 
On the Supreme Court's official website, the Supreme Court on 4 November 2015 issued a verdict (on the 
criminal case) that rejected the judicial review submitted by the former President Director of IM2. To date, 
PT Indosat Tbk. has not yet received the official copy of the verdict.  
On 28 March 2016, the former President Director of IM2 and IM2 filed a tort lawsuit of unlawful act against 
the Ministry of Communication and IT ("MOCIT") and BPKP at the Central Jakarta District Court. On 22

--- Page 163 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
November 2016, the Central Jakarta District Court dismissed the lawsuit. On 15 August 2017, an appeal 
was lodged with the Jakarta High Court on which gave a ruling against MOCIT and BPKP, as stated on its 
official website. Further, MOCIT and BPKP filed an appeal to the Supreme Court against the ruling. On 24 
July 2018, the Supreme Court rejected MOCIT and BPKP's cassation request. 
On 26 June 2019, BPKP submitted a judicial review request against the cassation decision. Indosat's contra 
memorandum of judicial review was submitted on 31 July 2019 and former President Director of IM2 and 
IM2's contra memorandum of judicial review was submitted on 18 September 2019. On 13 May 2020, the 
Supreme Court granted a decision in favour of BPKP. Indosat Ooredoo is currently reviewing its legal 
options in this case with its legal advisors. 
The Group has established what it believes to be an adequate provision against these claims. 
Tax demand notices against Asiacell 
As at 31 December 2020, Asiacell was subject to tax demand notices by the General Commission for Taxes, 
Iraq (the "GCT") for the years 2004 to 2007 for an amount of QR225 million (U.S.$62 million) 2008 for 
an amount of QR118 million (U.S.$32 million), 2009-2010 for an amount of QR205 million (U.S.$56 
million), 2015-2016 amounting to QR152 million (U.S.$42 million), 2017 amounting to QR90 million 
(U.S.$25 million), and 2019 amounting to QR16 million (U.S.$4 million), relating to corporate income tax. 
Asiacell has raised an objection against each of these claims and has paid all the above contested amounts 
under protest to comply with the requirements of tax laws in Iraq and to avoid interest charges. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Asiacell has not received a tax clearance certificate from the GCT in relation 
to the above contested amounts. 
The Group has established what it believes to be adequate provisions against these claims as at 31 December 
2020, and management is of the view that Asiacell has strong grounds to challenge each of these claims. 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee 
On 10 June 2014, the CMC issued a letter notifying Asiacell that due to the shareholding structure of 
Asiacell, it would be required to pay 18 per cent. of its gross revenue as a regulatory fee, as per its license 
agreement. Asiacell is of the opinion that it is only required to pay 15 per cent. of its gross revenues as a 
regulatory fee. Consequently, the CMC requested that Asiacell pay a regulatory fee of 18 per cent. of gross 
revenues, instead of 15 per cent. 
Asiacell appealed the CMC's decision to the Appeal Board and subsequently to the Iraqi courts on the basis 
that Asiacell meets the 51.0 per cent. threshold of Iraqi participation. In January 2016, the Kurdistan Court 
of Cassation issued a final decision in favour of Asiacell by concluding that the CMC is not entitled to 
apply the 18 per cent. licence fee rate to Asiacell, as it is a company with Iraqi shareholders owning more 
than 84 per cent. of its shares. 
In June 2017, the Iraqi Ministry of Finance raised a "third party objection" case at the Kurdistan Court of 
Cassation against its decision. After an appeal, the Court, on 17 October 2017, ruled against the Ministry 
of Finance and confirmed the decision in favor of Asiacell, although the CMC continues to dispute the 
ruling as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The total amount requested by the CMC was QR1,021 million (U.S.$280 million), from the period that the 
CMC is claiming that the Iraqi ownership had changed (in February 2013) through 31 December 2020. In 
connection with the negotiations to extend Asiacell's licence agreement, Asiacell has deposited 100 per 
cent. of the disputed amount into a CMC bank account, on account until a final settlement is reached. 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to universal services fee 
On 7 December 2017, the CMC issued a letter to Asiacell and other mobile telecommunications operators 
in Iraq requesting them to hold 1.5 per cent. of their gross revenues for the year 2017 (excluding local 
interconnection cost) as a universal services fee ("USF"), with further information to be provided by the 
CMC in a USF regulation that will be issued at a later stage. The USF is a license obligation included in 
Asiacell's license. The 2017 to 2019 USF cost, calculated at 1.5 per cent. of Asiacell's revenue, was QR197 
million (U.S.$54 million). As at 31 December 2020, Asiacell had recorded a full provision against this

--- Page 164 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
claim, and in January 2021 had paid this amount to the CMC's bank account in connections with the CMC's 
agreement to extend Asiacell's licence agreement. 
In 2018 and 2019, Asiacell received additional letters from the CMC requesting that it to provision 1.5 per 
cent. of its gross revenues as a USF retroactively from 2009 (the end of the second anniversary of the license 
term) to 2016.  However, as at 31 December 2020 no provision has been recorded for the retroactive USF 
claims as Asiacell believes that the retroactive claims are not in accordance with the requirements of its 
licence agreement, and Asiacell is in discussions with the CMC to resolve the issue, or if no resolution is 
reached, Asiacell expects to challenge these claims. 
Tax demand notices against Indosat Ooredoo 
As at 31 December 2020, Indosat Ooredoo was subject to tax demand assessments by the Indonesia Tax 
Authority for value added tax claims from the years 2009 to 2018 in an amount of QR190 million (U.S.$52 
million), corporate tax claims from years 2007 to 2018 amounting to QR443 million (U.S.$122 million) 
and withholding tax from years 2012 to 2019 amounting to QR545 million (U.S.$150 million). The Group 
has established what it believes to be an adequate provision against these claims as at 31 December 2020, 
and management is of the view that Indosat Ooredoo has strong grounds to challenge each of these claims. 
Preliminary tax notification against Ooredoo Algeria 
In July 2017, the Algerian tax authorities began a tax audit of Ooredoo Algeria covering the period from 
2013 to 2016. On 24 December 2018, a final notification for the year 2013 was received by Ooredoo Algeria 
for QR65 million (U.S.$18 million) and a final tax notification for the years 2014 to 2016 for an amount 
QR45 million (U.S.$12 million). The Group has established what it believes to be an adequate provision 
against these claims as at 31 December 2020, and management is of the view that Ooredoo Algeria has 
strong grounds to challenge each of these claims. 
Tax notification issued to Ooredoo Tunisia 
Ooredoo Tunisia received a preliminary tax notification from the Tunisian Tax Authority covering the 
period from 2013 to 2017 claiming an amount of QR135 million (U.S.$37 million). The Group has 
established what it believes to be an adequate provision against these claims as at 31 December 2020, and 
management is of the view that Ooredoo Tunisia has submitted an objection to the Tax Authority and has 
strong grounds to challenge each of these claims. 
Proceeding against Ooredoo Palestine 
On 23 October 2017, the Palestinian Ministry of Telecommunications and Information Technology 
("MTIT") issued a letter notifying Ooredoo Palestine to pay the second payment of the license acquisition 
fee amounting to QR291 million (U.S.$80 million) due to the fact that Ooredoo Palestine reached 700 
thousand subscribers. The license also requires a third license payment of QR487 million (U.S.$134 
million) when Ooredoo Palestine reaches 1 million subscribers. 
In September 2019, the Minister of Finance and Minister of MTIT issued a letter notifying Ooredoo 
Palestine to pay QR779 million (U.S.$214 million), comprising the remaining unpaid second and third 
payments of the license fee. These second and third payments are subject to the assignment of the 2G and 
3G spectrum and the actual launch of these services in West Bank and Gaza. 
The Group has established what it believes to be an adequate provision against these claims as at 31 
December 2020, and management is of the view that Ooredoo Palestine has strong grounds to challenge 
these claims. 
Proceedings against Ooredoo Algeria relating to bank transfers  
In late 2016 and early 2017, the Algeria Central Bank conducted a review of Ooredoo Algeria's money 
transfers outside Algeria and currency exchange. This review concluded that Ooredoo Algeria committed 
several violations of the relevant money transfer and foreign exchange regulations during 2013 and 2014. 
Accordingly, the Algerian public prosecutors initiated a criminal investigation against Ooredoo Algeria and 
in December 2018, the public prosecutor, with the Ministry of Finance, commenced 14 misdemeanour 
cases against Ooredoo Algeria related to money transfers from Ooredoo Algeria's export bank account and 
roaming repatriation of funds without complying with Algeria Central Bank processes.

--- Page 165 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
In February and March 2019, the criminal court convicted Ooredoo Algeria in 13 of 14 misdemeanour 
cases and sentenced Ooredoo Algeria to pay a total of U.S.$89 million in fines and compensation. Ooredoo 
Algeria has appealed all convictions and as at 31 December 2020 had established what it believes to be an 
adequate provision against these fines.  The final misdemeanour case is still pending. 
Environmental Matters 
 
The Group is subject to a broad range of environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations 
impose increasingly stringent environmental obligations regarding, among other things, radiation 
emissions, zoning, the protection of employee health and safety, noise and historical and artistic 
preservation. The Group could therefore be exposed to costs and liabilities, including liabilities associated 
with past activities. 
The Group's operations are subject to obligations to obtain environmental permits, licences and/or 
authorisations, or to provide prior notification to the appropriate authorities. The Group's objective is to 
comply in all material respects with applicable environmental and health control laws, and all related permit 
requirements. The Group believes that the principal environmental risks arising from its current operations 
relate to the potential for electromagnetic pollution and for damage to cultural and environmental assets. 
The Group deploys various network infrastructure strategies in order to achieve radiation emission ranges 
lower than the minimum levels required by applicable regulations. 
Commercial Property 
The principal property, plant and equipment of the Group consists of its cable and switching stations located 
throughout the jurisdictions in which it operates, including its international exchanges, its mobile switching 
centres, base stations, transmission equipment, cables and other technical, administrative and commercial 
property plant and equipment. 
Ooredoo owns its head office at 100 West Bay, P.O. Box 217, Doha, Qatar. 
The net book value of property, plant and equipment as at 31 December 2020 was QR26.1 billion (U.S.$7.2 
billion). 
Information Technology 
Each operating company of the Group maintains its own information technology ("IT") systems. The 
Group's IT systems are comparable to those typically used by other telecommunications service providers, 
and comprise operational support systems (which support the Group's telecommunications network and 
include processes such as maintaining network inventory, provisioning services, configuring network 
components and managing faults) and business support systems (which support processes related to the 
Group's customers, such as taking orders, processing bills, collecting payments and customer relationship 
management). The Group believes that its existing IT systems are adequate for the purposes of its existing 
business. 
Each operating company of the Group maintains its own disaster recovery systems in order to ensure the 
recovery and continuation of its technology infrastructure following potential disruptive events, such as 
natural disaster or terrorism. Each operating company has procedures in place to either back up critical data 
on-site or automatically copy this backed-up data to off-site storage, or to back-up and replicate critical data 
directly to off-site storage. 
Each operating company of the Group is committed to establish, implement, manage, monitor and 
continuously improve a consistent and reliable information security framework based on leading industry 
standards and best practices to ensure protection of its information assets, products and services.  This 
includes the implementation of multiple layers of security controls to timely detect, prevent and mitigate 
cyber security threats. Each operating company of the Group also establishes and maintains processes to 
continually improve the information security management systems through regular security risk assessment 
and audits, management review, performance and evaluation to ensure information security control 
effectiveness that will achieve the Group's information security objectives, reduce cybersecurity risks and 
maintain compliance with security and privacy laws and regulations.

--- Page 166 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Supervisory Governance of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Board of Directors 
The Board is responsible for the Group's management and has unrestricted management powers, except to 
the extent provided by law, the Articles of Association or a resolution of the shareholders at a General 
Assembly of the shareholders. 
The Board acts as the overall supervisory and monitoring body of the Group, approving all important new 
business proposals presented to it, including the acquisitions of any subsidiaries or affiliates, major capital 
projects and the acquisition or disposal of assets. In addition, the Board reviews the Group's development 
plans, monitors the performance of those development plans and reviews and approves the Group budget. 
The Board is also responsible for the timely and accurate disclosure of information to the Group's 
shareholders and to the Qatar Stock Exchange and the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange. In carrying out its 
activities, the Board represents the interests of the shareholders of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and is accountable to 
the shareholders of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Meetings of the Board must be held at least six times per year. Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s Articles of Association 
require that no more than three months may elapse between meetings. 
The Board currently consists of one executive member, Mr. Aziz Aluthman Fakhroo, and 9 non-executive 
members, five of whom, including the Chairman of the Board, are appointed by, and cannot be removed 
except through, a decision of Qatar Holding, the majority shareholder. Therefore, the State of Qatar, via 
Qatar Holding, may exercise influence in relation to decisions pertaining to the Group. See "Risk Factors—
Risks Relating to the Group—The State of Qatar exerts significant control over Ooredoo and its interests 
may conflict with those of Noteholders and/or Ooredoo itself". The General Assembly elects the remaining 
five members of the Board by way of a secret ballot in which Qatar Holding has no voting rights.  
The General Assembly may, on the application of shareholders holding at least 25.0 per cent. of Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital, remove by a majority vote a member of the Board who has not been 
appointed by Qatar Holding. Qatar Holding is not permitted to vote and its shares are not counted in 
determining such a majority. Qatar Holding may replace or remove any member of the Board appointed by 
it. 
Members of the Board elected by the General Assembly are required (subject to certain limited exceptions) 
to own at least 5,000 shares (the "Collateral Shares"), which are used as a collateral guarantee against the 
relevant board members' liability to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., the other shareholders, debtors and third parties. 
The Collateral Shares are, immediately after the election of a member of the Board, deposited with an 
approved bank until the end of that member's term on the Board.  
Resolutions of the Board are passed by the majority of those present and, in the event of a tie, the 
Chairman's, or Acting Chairman's, vote prevails. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Group—The 
State of Qatar exerts significant control over Ooredoo and its interests may conflict with those of 
Noteholders and/or Ooredoo itself". 
General Assembly 
The General Assembly represents all of the shareholders of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and all of its meetings are to 
be held in Doha, Qatar. Every shareholder has the right to attend the General Assembly, either in person or 
by way of proxy, and has a number of votes equivalent to the number of shares held. The Board is required 
to be represented in the General Assembly by not less than the quorum required for meetings of the Board, 
which must include the Chairman or the Deputy Chairman. 
An Ordinary General Assembly must be convened at least once a year, within the first four months 
following the end of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s financial year. The Board can call a meeting of the General 
Assembly or one can be called upon the request of the auditor of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. or at the request of a 
number of shareholders representing not less than 10.0 per cent. of the issued share capital of Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C. A meeting of the Ordinary General Assembly is not valid unless it is attended by a number of 
shareholders representing at least 50.0 per cent. of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital. If a quorum is 
not achieved, another meeting may be called and is valid, irrespective of the number of attendees.

--- Page 167 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
An Extraordinary General Assembly may be called by the Board or by a written request addressed to the 
Board from a number of shareholders holding not less than 25.0 per cent. of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued 
share capital. A meeting of the Extraordinary General Assembly is not valid unless it is attended by a 
number of shareholders representing at least 75.0 per cent. of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital. If a 
quorum is not achieved, another meeting may be called and is valid if shareholders representing at least 
50.0 per cent. of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital attend. If a quorum is not secured at this second 
meeting, a third meeting may be called which will be valid regardless of the number of attendees. Subject 
to the Entrenched Rights of Qatar, an Extraordinary General Assembly may amend the Articles of 
Association. 
Decisions at meetings of the Extraordinary General Assembly require a vote in favour of the relevant 
resolution by two-thirds of the percentage of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital represented at the 
meeting. As an exception, if a third meeting is called, as mentioned above, resolutions at that meeting can 
be passed by a majority of the votes of those present, but shall not be effective until they have been approved 
by the Minister of Economy and Commerce. 
Members of the Board 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board, their current positions in Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C., age and the years of their appointment are as follows: 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Month of 
Appointment 
H.E. Sheikh Faisal Bin Thani Al Thani 
37 
Chairman 
March 2020 
Dr. Nasser Marafih 
59 
Deputy Chairman 
November 2015 
H.E. Turki Mohammed Al Khater 
62 
Member 
March 2011 
Sheikh Saoud Bin Nasser Al Thani 
56 
Member 
March 2021 
H.E. Mohammed Nasser Al-Hajri 
48 
Member 
March 2021 
Mr. Aziz Aluthman Fakhroo 
43 
Member 
March 2011 
Mr. Nasser Rashid Al-Humaidi 
55 
Member 
March 2011 
Mr. Abdulla Mubarak Al-Khalifa 
47 
Member 
December 2018 
Mr. Essa Bin Hilal Al-Kuwari 
49 
Member 
March 2020 
Mr. Yousef Al-Obaidly 
40 
Member 
March 2020 
 
The business address for each member of the Board of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is 100 West Bay, P.O. Box 217, 
Doha, Qatar. 
Set forth below is a short biography of each of the members of the Board: 
H.E. Sheikh Faisal Bin Thani Al Thani 
H.E. Sheikh Faisal Bin Thani Al Thani is the Chairman of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. His Excellency joined the 
Board as Chairman in March 2020. His Excellency is also currently the Chief of Asia-Pacific & Africa 
Investments at Qatar Investment Authority, and has previously held positions as the Chief Investment 
Officer at Qatar Foundation Endowment, Chairman of Qatar Banking Studies and Business Administration 
Secondary School and the Deputy Chairman of Vodafone Qatar. His Excellency is currently the Chairman 
of Qatar First Bank, and a board member at Qatar Insurance Company, Deputy Chairman of Boyner Retail 
& Textile Investments Inc. in Turkey. His Excellency holds a degree in business administration from 
Marymount University in the United States and an Executive MBA from HEC Paris.  
Dr. Nasser Marafih 
Dr. Marafih is the Deputy Chairman of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. He joined the Board in November 2015, and was 
appointed Deputy Chairman in March 2020. Previously, he served as the CEO of the Ooredoo Group from 
2006 until 2015 and as Ooredoo Qatar CEO from 2002 until 2011. He serves as Chairman of the Board of 
the GSMA Mobile for Development Foundation and as a member of the board of GSMA. He also serves 
as a commissioner to the ITU Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development and he is a member of 
the World Bank Group Advisory Council for Gender and Development. 
H. E. Turki Mohammed Al Khater 
H.E. Turki Mohammed Al Khater is a member of the Board. He joined the Board in March 2011, and is 
also the President of General Retirement and Social Insurance Authority, Chairman of Dlala Holding, 
deputy chairman of Masraf Al Rayan and a board member of Al Ahli United Bank in Bahrain. His

--- Page 168 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
Excellency has previously held the position as the Managing Director and undersecretary of Health Ministry 
of Hamad Medical Corporation. 
Sheikh Saoud Bin Nasser Al Thani 
Sheikh Saoud Bin Nasser Al Thani is a member of the Board, joining in March 2021.  
H.E. Mohammed Nasser Al-Hajri 
H.E. Mohammed Nasser Al-Hajri is a member of the Board, joining in March 2021.  
Aziz Aluthman Fakhroo 
Mr. Aziz Aluthman Fakhroo is a member of the Board and an appointee of the Government of Qatar, joining 
the Board in March 2011. He was also appointed as the Managing Director of Ooredoo Group on 1 
November 2020. He has previously served as Deputy Undersecretary for Financial Affairs of the Qatar 
Ministry of Finance, Assistant Undersecretary for General Budget Affairs of the Ministry of Finance and 
Deputy Director in the Mergers and Acquisitions Department of Qatar Holding LLC, the strategic and direct 
investments arm of the Qatar Investment Authority. He was previously the Chairman of Ooredoo Myanmar, 
the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Idealys, and previously served on the boards of United Arab 
Shipping Company, Canary Wharf Group, Chelsfield LLP and CITIC Capital. He holds a degree in business 
administration from ESLSCA University. 
Nasser Rashid Al-Humaidi 
Mr. Nasser Rashid Al-Humaidi is a member of the Board and an appointee of the Government of Qatar. He 
joined the Board in March 2011, and is also Executive Director – Operations & Support of Qatar 
Development Bank and IT Director of Qatari Diar. Prior to his current positions, he held various 
management and business technologies roles in multi-industry sectors including utilities, 
telecommunications, oil & gas, real estate and banking, and contributed to the national steering committees. 
He has also worked as an advisor in the field of information and communication technology. 
Abdulla Mubarak Al-Khalifa 
Mr. Abdulla Mubarak Al-Khalifa is a member of the Board, joining in 2018. He is currently Group Chief 
Executive Officer of QNB, and prior to his current position, was Executive General Manager – Chief 
Business Officer at Qatar National Bank. He holds a degree in business administration from Eastern 
Washington University in the United States. 
Essa Bin Hilal Al-Kuwari 
Eng. Essa Bin Hilal Al-Kuwari is a member of the Board and an appointee of the Government. He joined 
the Board in March 2020. He is currently the President of Qatar General Electricity & Water Corporation 
"KAHRAMAA", Chairman of the Board of Qatar National Broadband Network and a board member of 
NAKILAT. He also represents Qatar as BoD member of Gulf Cooperation Council for Electricity 
Interconnection Authority (GCCIA), as well as other regional and international committees. He has also 
served as Chair of the Steering Committee of Texas A&M University's Smart Grid Centre – Qatar, Vice 
Chairman of Hamad Bin Khalifa University Board of Trustees and a member of Qatar University's 
Advisory Council for the faculties of Engineering and Economics. 
Yousef Al-Obaidly 
Mr. Yousef Al-Obaidly is a member of the Board and an appointee of the Government. He joined the Board 
in March 2020. He is currently the CEO of beIN MEDIA GROUP and the CEO of Digiturk. He is also a 
member of the board of directors of Paris Saint-Germain Football Club, Paris Saint-Germain Handball,  
Qatar Tennis Federation, Qatar Sports Investments and Qatar Satellite Company Es'hailSat.  
Directors' Interests 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board own, in aggregate, approximately 194,000 
ordinary shares, representing approximately 1.7 per cent. of the issued share capital of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.

--- Page 169 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
There are no interests of the members of the Board in transactions which are or were unusual in their nature 
or conditions or significant to the business of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is not aware of any 
potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed by the members of the Board and their private 
interests or other duties. 
In the five years preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, no member of the Board has been convicted of 
any fraudulent offence, served as a director, partner, founder or senior manager of any organisation at the 
time of any bankruptcy, receivership, any official public incrimination or sanctions by statutory or 
regulatory authorities, including designated professional bodies, or has been disqualified by a court from 
acting as a director of an issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of affairs of any issuer. 
Compensation of the Board 
For their services, members of the Board are entitled to remuneration, which is determined by a meeting of 
the General Assembly. For the year ended 31 December 2020, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. paid or accrued 
compensation (including salary, benefits and bonuses) to the Board of QR14.4 million (U.S.$4.0 million). 
Committees of the Board 
The Board has established three principal committees to review and decide on specific matters (together, 
the "Committees"). The Committees are given responsibility for specific areas of significance to the 
Group's corporate governance and assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities by advising and 
making recommendations to the Board. Each Committee comprises a chairman and is composed of at least 
three members of the Board and operates in accordance with a written charter approved by the members of 
the Board. 
The Board has established the following primary Committees: 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee oversees the decision making process of the Group and ensures that the 
objectives of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. are achieved in accordance with the authorities delegated to the Executive 
Committee by the Board. The Committee is also responsible for reviewing any matters requiring detailed 
review before presentation to the Board for final decision. The Executive Committee also oversees Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C.'s strategy and method deployed for adopting financial and strategic investments. The membership 
of the Executive Committee comprises H.E. Turki Mohammed Al Khater (as Chairman), Mr. Abdulla 
Mubarak Al-Khalifa, Mr. Essa Bin Hilal Al-Kuwari and Mr. Yousef Al-Obaidly. 
Audit & Risk Management Committee 
The Audit & Risk Management Committee oversees Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s relationships with its internal and 
external auditors. The committee has recommended Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s auditors, Deloitte & Touche, Qatar 
Branch, and reviews the quarterly internal and annual audit reports, as well as compliance with legal and 
regulatory requirements, including the performance of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s internal audit function. See "—
Internal Audit". The membership of the Audit Committee comprises Mr. Nasser Rashid Al-Humaidi (as 
Chairman), Sh. Saoud Bin Nasser Al Thani and H.E. Mr. Mohammed Nasser Al-Hajri. 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee assists the Board in executing its responsibilities with 
regard to nominating and appointing Board members to the Board and the boards of its subsidiaries, and 
determining the compensation of the Chairman, members of the Board, members of Executive Management 
and senior employees, and assesses the work of the Board. The membership of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee comprises of H.E. Turki Mohammed Al Khater (as Chairman), Mr. Essa Bin 
Hilal Al-Kuwari and Sh. Saoud Bin Nasser Al Thani. 
Ooredoo Group LLC 
In August 2007, the Board established Qtel Services LLC, which, in March 2008 was renamed as Qtel 
International LLC, in January 2012 was renamed again to Qtel Group LLC and, in March 2013, was again 
renamed to its current name, Ooredoo Group LLC ("Ooredoo Group"). Ooredoo Group is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary which has a separate management team and is responsible for providing the Group with

--- Page 170 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
corporate governance services, strategy and treasury services and a mechanism for communicating strategic 
and operational direction to the Group's subsidiaries and realising synergies between operations. Although 
the Group implements its international strategy on a centralised basis and manages its mobile 
telecommunications businesses through its controlling interests in subsidiaries, it allows local management 
to carry out the day-to-day management of its operations based on the policies Ooredoo Group establishes. 
Ooredoo Group's management team focuses primarily on the Group's international operations, international 
strategy and investment opportunities. 
By virtue of the Group's ownership interests in its consolidated subsidiaries and, in some cases, of 
shareholders agreements, the Group is able to control the appointment of all or a portion of such 
subsidiaries' board of directors such that it has control over these subsidiaries. Ooredoo Group acts as an 
intermediary between these board members and the Group, reviewing and assisting in the preparation of 
the board agendas, budgets and annual plans of each subsidiary and advising the members of the subsidiary 
boards that are appointed by the Group. In addition to its governance role, Ooredoo Group also develops 
the Group's strategy and is responsible for delivering synergies across operations. The Group also has 
management services agreements in place with its operations in Qatar, Algeria, Kuwait (including Tunisia 
support), Oman, Maldives, Myanmar and Palestine. These management services agreements allow such 
subsidiaries to receive certain services from Ooredoo Group as well as allowing the subsidiary to benefit 
from framework agreements negotiated by Ooredoo Group with suppliers and providing marketing 
assistance and expertise, in exchange for which such subsidiaries are required to pay a management fee to 
the Ooredoo Group. 
In addition, Ooredoo Group's business development team is responsible for researching and evaluating 
potential acquisition targets for the Group. Ooredoo Group's acquisition recommendations are then 
considered by the Executive Committee, a sub-committee of the Board. If such recommendations pass the 
Executive Committee, they are voted on by the entire Board. See "—Committees of the Board—Executive 
Committee". 
Executive Governance of Ooredoo Group 
Ooredoo Group is responsible for providing the Group with management and corporate governance 
services, strategy and treasury services and provides a mechanism for communicating strategic and 
operational direction to the Group's subsidiaries and realising synergies between operations.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the current Executive Directors of Ooredoo Group, their current 
positions in Ooredoo Group, age and the years of their appointment are as follows: 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Month of 
Appointment 
Aziz Aluthman Fakhroo 
43 
Managing Director 
November 2020 
Sheikh Mohammed Bin Abdulla Bin 
Mohammed Al Thani 
38 
Group Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
March 2020 
Dr. Hamad Yahya Al Nuaimi 
47 
Group Chief Corporate Affairs Officer 
April 2020 
Abdulla Ahmed Al-Zaman 
51 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
March 2021 
Christian Linhart 
49 
Group Chief Procurement Officer 
February 2016 
Andrew Kvålseth 
41 
Group Chief Commercial Officer 
September 2018 
Vivek Jhamb 
51 
Group Chief Wholesale Officer 
October 2019 
Sheikh Ali Bin Jabor Al Thani 
35 
Group Chief Legal, Regulatory & 
Governance Officer 
March 2020 
René Werner 
48 
Group Chief Strategy Officer 
March 2021(1) 
Nigel Thomas Byrne 
45 
Group Chief Technology Officer 
March 2021 
Fatima Sultan Al-Kuwari 
39 
Group Chief Human Resources Officer 
March 2021 
 ______________  
(1) 
The appointment becomes effective in April 2021. 
 
The business address for each Executive Director of Ooredoo Group is 100 West Bay, P.O. Box 217, Doha, 
Qatar. 
For the biography of Aziz Aluthman Fakhroo, see "—Members of the Board" above. Set forth below is a 
short biography of each of the other Executive Directors of Ooredoo Group:

--- Page 171 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
Sheikh Mohammed Bin Abdulla Bin Mohammed Al Thani 
Sheikh Mohammed Bin Abdulla Bin Mohammed Al Thani serves as both Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
of the Ooredoo Group and Chief Executive Officer of Ooredoo Qatar since March 2020. He has over 16 
years of experience in communications, digital transformation, finance and accounting, and has held various 
management positions within Ooredoo since he joined the company in 2009. Most recently, he was Chief 
Executive Officer of Ooredoo Kuwait and led the company to reach key milestones and increase its share 
in the market. Sheikh Mohammed is currently the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ooredoo Kuwait, 
as well as Indosat Ooredoo's President Commissioner. He holds a master's degree in Finance and 
Accounting from the University of Cardiff, UK and a bachelor's degree in Accounting from Qatar 
University. 
Dr. Hamad Yahya Al Nuaimi 
Dr. Hamad Yahya Al Nuaimi was appointed Group Chief Corporate Affairs Officer at Ooredoo in April 
2020. Prior to his current role, Dr. Hamad was Chief Corporate Affairs Officer at Ooredoo Kuwait. He has 
an extensive and accomplished career of over 25 years in the finance, communications, media and telecoms 
industries and has held senior roles at QNB and Al Jazeera.  
Abdulla Ahmed Al-Zaman 
Mr. Abdulla Ahmed Al-Zaman was appointed as the Group's Chief Financial Officer in March 2021, having 
previously served as Chief Finance Officer of Ooredoo Qatar since January 2018 and holding multiple 
senior roles since joining the Group in 2013. Mr. Al-Zaman has extensive experience in leadership roles 
within finance, both in telecommunications and other industries. He holds a bachelor's degree in Finance 
& Business Administration from California State University, Sacramento in the United States and an 
EMBA from the University of Hull in the United Kingdom. 
Christian Linhart 
Mr. Linhart was appointed Ooredoo Group Chief Procurement Officer in February 2016, after a period as 
Ooredoo's Executive Director of Group Procurement. Mr. Linhart first joined Ooredoo in 2015 and has 
played a key role in the company's ongoing organisational transformation programme, which aims to align 
Ooredoo's local procurement and sourcing strategies more closely with its global capabilities. He has 
experience as a procurement specialist, and in the last 10 years has secured more than 15 major procurement 
projects in the telecommunications space in three continents. Before joining Ooredoo, Mr. Linhart was 
Deputy Group Chief Procurement Officer in MobileTelesystems (MTS). Mr. Linhart has more than 18 
years' experience in the procurement field, and has received a number of significant industry awards, 
including a 2012 Global Procurement Leader Award, and the Russian Procurement Transparency Award, 
in 2011 and 2012. He has a joint Master's degree in Business Administration and Mechanical Engineering 
from the Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany and he has also spent a year at the University of 
Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, US. 
Andrew Kvålseth 
Mr. Kvålseth was appointed Group Chief Commercial Officer at Ooredoo in September 2018. He is also a 
board member in Indosat Ooredoo and Chairman of Ooredoo Maldives. Prior to his current role, Mr. 
Kvålseth was the Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Digital Officer at dtac, a mobile operator in Thailand. 
He was also the founder and CEO of Line Mobile, a digital mobile network service, done in collaboration 
with Line, the dominant social network in Thailand. Mr. Kvålseth has also previously served as Chief 
Strategy Officer and Head of M&A in Telenor Digital, and was on the board of multiple Telenor Group 
companies. He has also worked at Bain & Company. Mr. Kvålseth holds an MBA with distinction from the 
University of Oxford. 
Vivek Jhamb 
Mr. Jhamb was appointed Group Chief Wholesale Officer at Ooredoo in October 2019. Mr. Jhamb has 
more than 25 years of international executive leadership experience in the high technology and global 
communications industry. Prior to his current role, Mr. Jhamb was the Chief Commercial Officer at 
OneWeb, a Softbank company building Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite constellation and was the founding 
CEO of Vodafone Carrier Services. He was also the founding CEO of Carrier & Wholesale Business at 
Vodafone India and co-founded India's first private international carrier at PCCW's JV in India. Mr. Jhamb

--- Page 172 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
holds an M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University and a B.E.(Hons) degree in 
Electrical and Electronics Engineering and M.Sc.(Hons) degree in Physics from Birla Institute of 
Technology & Science (BITS), Pilani. 
Sheikh Ali Bin Jabir Al Thani 
Sheikh Ali Bin Jabir Al Thani was appointed as the Group Chief Legal, Regulatory, and Governance Officer 
in March 2020.  He is also Chairman of Ooredoo Algeria. He joined Ooredoo Group in 2013 in Corporate 
Governance, becoming the Deputy Group Chief Legal & Regulatory Officer in 2017 until 2019, during 
which period he was also Acting Group Chief Corporate Governance Officer. Prior to joining Ooredoo he 
was the Legal Counsel at Msheireb Properties.  He has extensive experience in advising the Board and 
Executive Management on complicated legal and regulatory matters, litigation and risk management, and 
leading the legal, regulatory, and corporate governance function in the Group and overseeing its cascading 
functions in the operating companies.  He holds a Bachelor of Law degree from University of Sharjah. 
René Werner 
Mr. Werner was announced as the Group Chief Strategy Officer in March 2021 (with the appointment 
becoming effective in April 2021).  Prior to his current role, Mr. Werner was Senior Director Global 
Customer Experience at eBay Inc. and has also served as Chief Strategy Officer at the Axiata Group and 
Chief Customer Service & Experience Officer at Celcom, in various strategy roles for Deutsche Telekom 
Group and as a strategy management consultant at Accenture focusing on turnaround and growth strategies 
in the technology sector. Mr. Werner is by training an industrial engineer, holding an MSc from Karlsruhe 
Institute of Technology and an MBA from University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth, and is a certified public 
accountant. 
Nigel Thomas Byrne 
Mr. Byrne was appointed as the Group Chief Technology Officer in March 2021, having served as the 
Acting Group Chief Technology Officer since May 2019.  He joined Ooredoo Group in 2010 as Director, 
Core Networks, becoming Executive Director, Information and Technology in 2019.  Prior to joining 
Ooredoo Group he worked with Vodafone Ireland where he held various positions in Core Networks and 
Technology.  He holds a BSc, Applied Physics from Technological University Dublin, and BSc (Hons), 
Applied Physics from Sheffield Hallam University.  
Fatima Sultan Al-Kuwari 
Ms. Fatima Sultan Al-Kuwari was appointed as Group Chief Human Resources Officer in March 2021, 
having previously served as Chief Consumer Officer of Ooredoo Qatar and the Group's Executive Director–
Marketing, leading the Group's marketing function and driving commercial strategy and digital 
transformation. She holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Qatar University and an MBA specialising in 
Marketing from the University of Liverpool in the United Kingdom. 
Conflicts 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the Executive Directors listed above to 
Ooredoo Group and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 173 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
Executive Level Committees and Forums 
The Group has developed a structure for its executive level committees and sub-committees in order to 
ensure effective collaboration between business units, the delegation of appropriate levels of executive 
authority and the distribution of decision-making power within the Group. This structure is illustrated in 
the following diagram: 
 
Corporate Governance Manual 
In 2008 the Board published a corporate governance manual in order to establish a uniform set of corporate 
governance rules and guidelines for the Group. At the same time, the Office of Corporate Governance was 
created within Ooredoo Group legal department. The Office of Corporate Governance is specifically tasked 
with managing the corporate governance relationships within the Group and providing day-to-day corporate 
governance services, guidance and advice to the Group. Group Chief Legal, Regulatory and Governance 
Officer is responsible for maintaining, among other things, the Group's corporate governance records and 
policies and establishing internal controls for governance and regulatory compliance. 
Accordingly, governance manuals in respect of the Group have been adopted to take into account specific 
local laws and requirements and are broadly consistent with Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s corporate governance 
policies. 
Internal Audit 
Ooredoo's Internal Audit Function ("IAF") is headed by Mr. Mohammed Al Emadi, The Group Chief Audit 
Executive ("GCAE").  The purpose of the IAF is to provide independent, objective assurance and 
consulting services designed to add value and improve the operations of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.  The IAF 
undertakes internal audit activities to determine whether the risk management, control and governance 
processes of the Company are efficient, effective and adequate to ensure that: 
 
Ooredoo's objectives, plans and programs are achieved; 
 
Ooredoo's operations are carried out in accordance with the provisions of law, the Articles of 
Association and all the regulations and decisions of the Board; 
 
Ooredoo's interests and assets are safeguarded and their misuse and waste prevented; 
 
the systems are functioning as planned and that they are monitored and updated, as necessary, to 
meet changes in the operating conditions; 
 
the economic, efficient and effective acquisition and use of Ooredoo's resources is achieved;

--- Page 174 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
 
the significant financial, managerial, and operating information is accurate, reliable, relevant and 
timely; 
 
there is an appropriate process for setting objectives and for the identification and management of 
risk; 
 
communication and information sharing among various governance groups is adequate, and that 
Ooredoo's governance framework adheres to leading practices and standards; and 
 
quality and continuous improvement considerations are included in Ooredoo's processes. 
The IAF also acts as a liaison with the external auditor.  In order to provide for the independence of the 
IAF, its personnel report to the GCAE who reports functionally and administratively to the Audit & Risk 
Management Committee.  In the interest of independence, the IAF will have no direct responsibility or 
authority over any of Ooredoo's activities. 
Each of Ooredoo's subsidiaries have an independent internal audit function that is reporting functionally 
and administratively to their respective audit and risk management committees.  These internal audit 
functions provide independent and objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value and 
improve the operations of their companies. 
Related Party Transactions 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into transactions with related parties. Related parties 
include associated or subsidiary companies, including Government and Government-related entities, 
associates, major shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and companies of 
which they are principal owners. Pricing policies and terms of transactions with related parties are approved 
by the Group's management. The Group also enters into commercial transactions with Government-related 
entities in the ordinary course of business, such as providing telecommunication services, placement of 
deposits and obtaining credit facilities. Summaries of Ooredoo's related party transactions are contained in 
Note 41, "Related party transactions and balances" of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (ICOFR) 
In accordance with the QFMA Law, Ooredoo Group and its subsidiaries are responsible for establishing 
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ("ICOFR"). The Group has implemented 
an ICOFR framework based on the COSO Framework. ICOFR is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Group's consolidated 
financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS). ICOFR includes the Group's disclosure controls and procedures designed to prevent 
misstatements.  
In the first year of full scope implementation in 2019, the Group undertook a formal evaluation of the 
adequacy of the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the system of ICOFR. The 
evaluation included the assessment of the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the control 
environment as well as individual controls that make up the system of ICOFR. This evaluation did not 
report any material weaknesses on design, implementation and operating effectiveness of ICOFR across 
the Group. The Group undertook a similar evaluation in 2020 which reported similar results.

--- Page 175 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF QATAR 
Unless indicated otherwise, information in this section has been derived from Government publications. 
Country Profile 
Qatar is an independent state in the Southern Arabian Gulf. Qatar shares a land border and maritime 
boundaries with Saudi Arabia and maritime boundaries with Bahrain, the UAE and Iran. Qatar covers an 
area of approximately 11,493 square kilometres. Doha is the capital city of Qatar, the seat of government 
and Qatar's cultural, commercial and financial centre. It includes a seaport and international airport and has 
an advanced internal road system and highway linking it to Saudi Arabia. According to the Planning and 
Statistics Authority, as at 30 June 2020 Qatar's total population stood at 2,794,148. The population growth 
rate has begun to slow, as compared to the first decade of 2000, where between 2004 and April 2010, the 
total population of Qatar grew by 128.4 per cent. Since 2012, the population growth rate has decreased. A 
large portion of Qatar's population is comprised of non-Qatari nationals.  
Qatar, which gained independence from the United Kingdom on 3 September 1971, was ruled from 27 June 
1995 until 2013 by the former Emir, His Highness Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani. On 25 June 2013, 
His Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani (former Heir Apparent and the former Emir's 
fourth son) became the Emir of Qatar after his father handed power over to him. During his rule, His 
Highness Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani implemented various initiatives designed to exploit Qatar's 
oil and gas resources in a responsible manner, thereby making rapid economic development and the 
construction of modern infrastructure possible in Qatar. During this period of rapid economic and social 
progress, Qatar has maintained its cultural and traditional values as an Arab and Islamic nation. 
In terms of foreign relations and membership of international organisations, Qatar, together with Bahrain, 
Kuwait, Oman, Saudi Arabia and the UAE form the GCC. Furthermore, Qatar is a member of the Gas 
Exporting Countries Forum (which was established in 2008 and has its headquarters in Doha) and the 
United Nations. It is also a member of numerous international and multilateral organisations, including the 
International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the World Trade 
Organisation, the League of Arab States, The Organisation of the Islamic Conference, the Multinational 
Investment Guarantee Organisation and UNESCO. 
Historically, Qatar has had good relations with other members of the GCC and the wider Middle East and 
North Africa region in general. However, on 5 June 2017, Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the UAE 
(among other countries) (the "Quartet") took steps to cut trade, transport and diplomatic ties with Qatar 
(the "Blockade"). The measures adopted included a sudden and unprecedented closure of sea and air routes 
with Qatar and a closure of the land border between Qatar and Saudi Arabia (Qatar's only land border), 
which created logistical challenges for Qatar. The blockade disrupted historical trade routes that Qatar has 
depended on for the import of key consumer goods, food staples and industrial materials. As part of the 
Blockade, Qatari officials and diplomats were also expelled from the Quartet countries. However, on 5 
January 2021, Qatar and the Quartet signed the Al-Ula Declaration in Saudi Arabia in an agreement to 
restore full diplomatic relations. Although the specific content and details of the Al-Ula Declaration have 
not been, and are not expected to be, published, it is understood that measures previously adopted by the 
Quartet against Qatar will be revoked. It is uncertain how long it will take for trade, transport and diplomatic 
ties to fully return to their pre-blockade status. 
Legal System 
Over the last decade, Qatar's legal system has been significantly reformed by the enactment of various 
pieces of legislation intended to bring Qatari laws in line with international laws, standards and practices. 
Qatar's civil law sets forth civil law principles, including with respect to conflict of laws, contracts, rights 
and obligations, security, ownership and torts. Qatar's commercial law addresses commercial affairs and 
entities, competition, commercial obligations and contracts, and commercial paper. The commercial law 
also provides comprehensive provisions addressing bankruptcy matters, permitting creditors to file claims 
against any corporate entity, except for certain professional companies and other companies that are at least 
majority owned by the Government. Finally, the Commercial Companies Law, which came into effect on 
7 July 2015, addresses matters with respect to the ownership of shares, limited liability, capital 
contributions, payment of dividends, shareholder rights and obligations and general principles of corporate 
governance, and also includes the concept of a limited liability company owned by a single shareholder,

--- Page 176 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
which was introduced by the previous commercial companies law, and is not dissimilar to the companies 
laws of more mature legal systems. 
The Government has passed other significant legislation in the past two decades, including the Foreign 
Investment Law, the Central Bank Law, the Money Laundering Law, the Qatar Stock Exchange Law and 
the Qatar Financial Centre Law (the "QFC Law"), as well as competition, intellectual property, labour, 
property and environmental laws. Following the establishment of the QFC in 2005, the QFC Law 
established a legal and regulatory regime to govern the QFC that is generally parallel to and separate from 
Qatari laws and the Qatari legal system, except for Qatari criminal law. The QFC has established its own 
rules and regulations applicable to, among others, financial services companies, and which cover such 
topics as employment, companies, anti-money laundering, contracts and insolvency. 
Qatar has recently adopted a new Law No. 1 of 2019 regulating the Investment of Non-Qatari Capital in 
the Economic Activity which repealed Law No. 13 of 2000. The new law states that foreign investors can 
hold up to 100 per cent. of the shares in a company without having a local partner. This excludes the 
following sectors: banks and insurance companies unless exempted by a Council of Ministers decision, 
commercial agency activities and any other sectors as indicated by the Council of Ministers decision. 
However, despite executive regulations having been issued in June 2020, the list of approved economic 
activities is yet to be published and therefore the changes made by the law remain unclear. 
National Vision 
Recognising that Qatar's considerable wealth creates a host of opportunities as well as challenges, in 
October 2008, the State's former General Secretariat for Development Planning (which was merged with 
the Qatar Statistics Authority in 2013 to form the Ministry of Development Planning and Statistics) 
launched the Qatar National Vision 2030 (the "National Vision"). This defines broad future trends and 
long-term objectives for Qatar, providing the framework within which national strategies and 
implementation plans can be developed. Besides establishing the foundation for developing Qatar's future 
strategies and policies, the National Vision has also helped to strengthen the coordination among 
governmental agencies and integrate planning efforts for the Government, the private sector and civic 
organisations. The four cornerstones of the National Vision are human, social, economic and environmental 
development, in the context of which the State aims to balance modernisation and the preservation of 
traditions; the needs of the current generation and the needs of future generations; managed growth and 
uncontrolled expansion; the size and quality of the expatriate labour force; and economic growth and social 
development, and environment management. 
In March 2011, Qatar published the National Development Strategy 2011-2016 ("NDS") which translated 
the goals identified in the National Vision into actionable targets. The NDS seeks to address the State's 
expected decline in the growth of the oil and gas sector by strengthening the structure and performance of 
the non-hydrocarbon sectors of the economy. The NDS discusses the need for concerted institutional and 
organisational capacity building, efficient and transparent delivery of public services, fruitful public private 
cooperation and partnerships, a vibrant business climate and a larger space for civil society. It further notes 
that the State's investment in foreign currency assets and planned investments in physical and social 
infrastructure beyond the needs of the 2022 FIFA World Cup is part of the State's broader strategy to 
diversify its income base. The State also aims to maximise the value of the income it receives from the 
exploitation of its mineral assets. The structures governing hydrocarbon linked investments, upstream and 
downstream, will be expected to provide adequate flexibility to deal with project specifics, changing costs 
or market conditions and equitable risk sharing arrangements. In addition, the State intends to ensure that 
the hydrocarbon rents it shares with private investors are compensated by other benefits that flow to the 
country such as the acquisition of technology, infrastructure or knowledge and skills. Qatar also intends to 
leverage its cheap domestic feedstock and energy to contribute to the expansion of its production base and 
to long-term economic diversification. A follow-up plan, the Second National Development Strategy 2018-
2022, is being implemented.  
The Second National Development Strategy 2018-2022 provides a strategic framework for 
implementing the 2030 vision, and includes Government developed policies which are designed to attract 
private sector investment to Qatar through a broad range of investment incentives. It also aims to 
focus attention and resources towards key national priorities alongside a policy of the rationalisation 
of government spending. For example all annual implementation plans, development programs and 
projects provided in the strategy will include detailed costs and budgets. The National Development 
Strategy 2018-2022 also aims to align all future implementation plans with the Ministry of Finance to

--- Page 177 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
ensure adequate funding and overall efficiency of government spending. The Government also aims to 
strengthen its economic diversification efforts by enhancing private sector contribution to the Qatari 
economy where continued additions to capital stock will enhance the growth of the non-oil and gas 
sector and support real GDP growth.  
Economic Overview 
Qatar is one of the most prosperous countries in the world, with a nominal GDP per capita of QR248,827 
(U.S.$68,359) in 2019, according to the Planning and Statistics Authority. As at 31 December 2018, Qatar's 
proven reserves of crude oil and natural gas (including condensate) amounted to approximately 172.0 
billion barrels of oil equivalent. These hydrocarbons consist of proven reserves of approximately 843.4 
trillion standard cubic feet of natural gas and 2.5 billion barrels of crude oil. According to the U.S. Energy 
Information Administration, Qatar had the third largest natural gas deposits after Iran and Russia and owned 
14 per cent. of the total gas reserves in the world in 2015. Virtually all of Qatar's proven reserves of natural 
gas and condensate are located in the North Field, which is estimated by the U.S. Energy Information 
Administration to be part of the largest non-associated gas field in the world as at January 2015.  
For most of the past two decades, Qatar's was one of the fastest growing economies of the world. Such 
growth was driven by the development of its important natural gas reserves. Following the completion of 
all planned liquefied natural gas ("LNG") export facilities in 2011, growth slowed, and this has been 
compounded more recently by lower revenues from hydrocarbon exports due to lower hydrocarbon 
production and prices.  As a result, the contribution of the oil and gas sector to nominal GDP has declined 
from 52.5 per cent. in 2014 to 36.9 per cent. in 2018. However, in 2017 Qatar lifted the self imposed 
moratorium on the further development of the North Field and is targeting a significant increase in LNG 
capacity expansion. Moreover, the non-oil and gas sector is becoming stronger with the contribution of the 
non-oil and gas sector to total nominal GDP increasing from 47.5 per cent. in 2014 to 63.1 per cent. in 
2018. In 2019, the oil and gas sector accounted for 34.1 per cent. of total nominal GDP, while the non-oil 
and gas sector accounted for 65.9 per cent. In 2016, 2017 and 2018, Qatar's real GDP grew by 2.1 per cent., 
1.6 per cent. and 1.5 per cent. respectively. In 2019, real GDP contracted by 0.2 per cent. (year-on-year).  
Qatar continues to develop its natural gas resources beyond the LNG industry by implementing a 
downstream strategy driven by opportunities to generate additional revenue from its existing oil and gas 
production. Qatar Petroleum ("QP") has developed pipeline gas projects both for regional export markets 
and for domestic petrochemicals, power generation plants and industrial consumption. In addition, QP is 
the majority shareholder in a number of industrial companies located primarily at Ras Laffan Industrial 
City and Mesaieed Industrial City, which use natural gas as feedstock and/or fuel to produce various value-
added products, such as refined products, petrochemicals, fertiliser, steel and aluminium, both for domestic 
consumption and for export. Qatar has also invested in exploiting various gas-to-liquid ("GTL") 
technologies and has two joint venture projects currently in operation to generate GTL products, such as 
distillates and lubricants.  
Although Qatar is focused on ensuring optimal and sustainable development and commercialisation of the 
oil and gas sector, which continues to be the backbone of the economy, one of the cornerstones of Qatar's 
current economic policy, in particular in light of the recent decrease in hydrocarbon production and prices, 
is a commitment to diversify the overall economy so that Government revenues from the oil and gas sector 
are supplemented by increased revenues from non-oil and gas-related activities. As set forth in the National 
Vision, Qatar's long-term economic objectives include developing its infrastructure and strengthening its 
private sector. 
Throughout a period characterised by rapid growth and development, Qatar has aimed to demonstrate fiscal 
responsibility by managing its budget and public finances prudently. Qatar has historically had low levels 
of indebtedness but there was an increase in indebtedness from 2009 onwards mainly due to the support 
given by Qatar to the commercial banking sector during the global financial crisis in 2009 and the issuance 
of bonds and treasury bills by the Qatar Central Bank to absorb excess liquidity among domestic 
commercial banks and to develop a yield curve for riyal-denominated domestic bonds. Most of Qatar's 
significant energy projects are funded on a stand-alone, limited recourse basis. 
In recent years, Qatar has focused on diversifying its economy through increased spending on infrastructure, 
social programmes, healthcare and education, which have modernised Qatar's economy. In addition, 
significant investments have been made to increase economic returns from, in particular, financial services, 
infrastructure development and tourism. Qatar's economic growth has also enabled it to diversify its

--- Page 178 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
economy through domestic and international investment into different classes of assets. This diversification 
will be important to Qatar's future as the growth rate of Qatar's revenue from the oil and gas sector is 
expected to stabilise, given the completion of several of Qatar's long-term hydrocarbon investment 
programmes. 
In 2005, Qatar established the Qatar Investment Authority ("QIA") to propose and implement investments 
for Qatar's growing financial reserves, both domestically and abroad. Through the QIA, Qatar has invested 
in private equity, the banking sector, real estate, publicly traded securities and alternative assets. With its 
growing portfolio of international and domestic long-term strategic investments, the QIA has contributed 
to Qatar's financial stability and diversified its sources of fiscal revenue for the future (although currently 
the QIA reinvests all income from its assets). In December 2010, Qatar was awarded the right to host the 
Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) 2022 World Cup, which will provide 
opportunities for Qatar to invest in further developing its infrastructure and diversifying its economy. 
The following table illustrates certain key macro-economic data for Qatar: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019(1) 
 
(QR m, unless otherwise stated) 
Nominal GDP.............................................................................  
552,305 
607,620 
696,557 
666,799 
Growth rate (%) .......................................................................  
(6.2) 
10.0 
14.6 
(4.3) 
Oil and gas sector 
163,984 
195,981 
256,986 
227,195 
Growth rate (%) .......................................................................  
(25.8) 
19.5 
31.1 
(11.6) 
Share in nominal GDP (%) ......................................................  
29.7 
32.3 
36.9 
34.1 
Non-oil and gas sector 
388,321 
411,639 
439,571 
440,622 
Growth rate (%) .......................................................................  
5.6 
6.0 
6.8 
0.0 
Share in nominal GDP (%) ......................................................  
70.3 
67.7 
63.1 
65.9 
GDP per Capita (QR thousands) .............................................  
211.0 
223.0 
252.0 
238.2 
Inflation (%) ...............................................................................  
2.7 
0.4 
0.3 
(0.8) 
Total revenues ...........................................................................  
170,856 
163,272 
207,916 
214,749 
Total expenditures .....................................................................  
221,685 
203,265 
192,835 
208,418 
Deficit or Surplus ......................................................................  
(50,829) 
(-39,993) 
15,081 
6,331 
Deficit or Surplus / GDP (%) ....................................................  
(9.2) 
(-6.6) 
2.2 
0.9 
 _______________  
Source: Qatar Central Bank, 30 June 2020 Quarterly Statistical Bulletin 
Notes: 
(1) Preliminary data. 
Gross Domestic Product 
Qatar's GDP growth was strong between 2016 and 2019, increasing from QR552,305 million 
(U.S.$151,732 million) in 2016 to QR696,557 million (U.S.$191,309 million) in 2018. However, 
preliminary data for 2019 indicate a decrease in nominal GDP growth, with GDP amounting to QR667,817 
million (U.S.$183,466 million) representing a 4.1 per cent. decrease compared with 2018.  
Qatar's credit ratings 
Qatar's long-term credit rating by S&P improved from BBB as of February 1996 to AA as of July 2010 
which was affirmed on 4 March 2016 with a stable outlook. Similarly, Qatar's long-term credit rating by 
Moody's have improved from Baa2 as of December 1999 to Aa2 as of July 2007, with such credit rating 
being affirmed on 31 January 2017 with a negative outlook. Qatar was also assigned a long-term credit 
rating of AA by Fitch in its inaugural rating on 6 March 2015, with such credit rating being affirmed on 31 
March 2016 with a stable outlook.  
However, on 26 May 2017, Moody's downgraded Qatar's rating to Aa3 and changed the outlook to stable, 
later affirming the Aa3 rating and changing the outlook back to negative on 4 July 2017. On 13 July 2018, 
Moody's revised the outlook back to stable. On 1 August 2019 and 24 January 2020 Moody's affirmed 
Qatar's rating at Aa3 and the outlook at stable. Similarly, S&P downgraded Qatar's long-term credit rating 
to AA- on 7 June 2017 and put the rating on CreditWatch with negative implications. S&P later changed 
the outlook to negative on 25 August 2017. On 7 December 2018, S&P affirmed the AA- rating and revised 
the outlook to stable. On 28 March 2020, S&P affirmed Qatar's rating at AA- and outlook at stable. On 12 
June 2017, Fitch placed Qatar's ratings on Rating Watch Negative, and on 28 August 2017, Fitch 
downgraded Qatar's rating to AA- with a negative outlook. On 5 June 2018, Fitch revised the outlook back 
to stable and affirmed the AA- rating, which was affirmed again on 16 October 2018. On 13 February 2020

--- Page 179 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
Fitch affirmed Qatar's rating at AA- and outlook at stable. Each rating agency cited Qatar's economic and 
financial risks and the ongoing events affecting regional relations as the primary reason for its rating 
downgrade. 
COVID-19 
 
Qatar has implemented restrictions to combat the spread of COVID-19. These measures have included 
restricting travel into Qatar from certain countries, imposing quarantine on travellers into Qatar, suspending 
non-essential businesses, banning public gatherings and closing down schools and universities. Qatar has 
also implemented measures to protect the economy from the adverse impact of COVID-19. Specifically, 
His Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, Emir of the State of Qatar, has directed the government 
to implement the following measures: (1) to postpone QR30 billion (U.S.$8.24 billion) in unawarded 
contracts on capital expenditure projects, (2) to allocate QR3 billion (U.S.$0.82 billion) in guarantees to 
local banks to provide support to the economy as a result of COVID-19, (3) to support and provide financial 
and economic incentives of QR75 billion (U.S.$20.6 billion) to the private sector, (4) Qatar Central Bank 
to implement measures to encourage banks to postpone loan installments and obligations of the private 
sector for six months, (5) Qatar Development Bank to postpone installments of all borrowers for six months; 
and (6) to direct government funds to increase their investments in the stock exchange by QR10 billion 
(U.S.$2.7 billion).

--- Page 180 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Issuer, Ooredoo nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of 
the New York Banking Law, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC 
holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the 
settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited 
securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the 
holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated 
subsidiaries. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, 
banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, 
either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together with Direct Participants, 
"Participants"). More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf 
it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described 
below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are 
on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with 
which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly 
are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their 
respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements 
described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able 
to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect 
Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, 
but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as 
well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant's or Indirect Participant through 
which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes 
are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except 
in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the 
actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial

--- Page 181 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The 
Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus 
Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as 
may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' 
accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant 
agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant 
payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and 
will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is 
the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility 
of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will 
be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling 
Restrictions – United States". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. 
The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory 
purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct 
Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant 
agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a 
successor depository is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depository). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC 
as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account

--- Page 182 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are worldwide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Book-Entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, 
DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant 
Dealer(s). Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective 
depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered 
Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only 
through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and 
the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. Dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of 
DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all 
or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global 
Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be 
converted into U.S. Dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant 
and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrars or the Issuer. Payment of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons 
take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes 
represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in 
the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest 
in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or 
entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may 
depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes 
through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Transfer Restrictions", cross market 
transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or

--- Page 183 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
Euroclear accountholders, on the other hand, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance 
with its rules and through action taken by the Registrars, the Paying Agents and any custodian 
("Custodian") with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross market transfers between accountholders in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. As there is no 
direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrars, the 
Paying Agents and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the 
transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account 
for the transferee. In the case of cross market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The 
securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuer, Ooredoo, the Agents or any Dealer(s) will be responsible for any 
performance by DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments 
made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 184 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following summary of certain tax consequences of ownership of Notes is based upon laws, regulations, 
decrees, rulings, income tax conventions, administrative practice and judicial decisions in effect at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. Legislative, judicial or administrative changes or interpretations may, however, 
be forthcoming that could alter or modify the statements and conclusions set forth herein. Any such changes 
or interpretations may be retroactive and could affect the tax consequences to holders of the Notes. This 
summary does not purport to be a legal opinion or to address all tax aspects that may be relevant to a 
holder of Notes. Each prospective holder is urged to consult its own tax adviser as to the particular tax 
consequences to such holder of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the 
applicability and effect of any other tax laws or tax treaties, and of pending or proposed changes in 
applicable tax laws as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and of any actual changes in applicable tax laws 
after such date. 
Bermuda 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Currently, there is no Bermuda withholding or other tax payable on principal or interest paid to Noteholders. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
Under current Bermuda law, there is no income, corporate or profits tax or withholding tax, capital gains 
tax or capital transfer tax payable by the Issuer.  The Issuer has obtained from the Minister of Finance under 
The Exempted Undertaking Tax Protection Act 1966, as amended, an assurance that, in the event that 
Bermuda enacts legislation imposing tax computed on profits, income, any capital asset, gain or 
appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance, then the imposition of any such tax shall 
not be applicable to the Issuer or to any of its operations or its shares, debentures or other obligations, until 
March 31, 2035.  The Issuer could be subject to taxes in Bermuda after that date. This assurance is subject 
to the proviso that it is not to be construed so as to prevent the application of any tax or duty to such persons 
as are ordinarily resident in Bermuda or to prevent the application of any tax payable in accordance with 
the provisions of the Land Tax Act 1967 or otherwise payable in relation to any property leased to the 
Issuer.  The Issuer pays annual Bermuda government fees. In addition, all entities employing individuals in 
Bermuda are required to pay a payroll tax and there are other sundry taxes payable, directly or indirectly, 
to the Bermuda government. 
The Issuer is required to pay an annual government fee (the "AGF"), which is determined on a sliding scale 
by reference to a company's authorised share capital and share premium account, with the minimum fee for 
exempted companies being $2,095.00 in Bermuda dollars and the maximum being $32,676.00 in Bermuda 
dollars (the Bermuda dollar is treated at par with the U.S. Dollar). The AGF is payable each year on or 
before the end of January in the year to which the AGF is applicable and is based on the authorised share 
capital and share premium account as they stood at 31 August in the preceding year. 
In Bermuda, stamp duty is not chargeable in respect of the incorporation, registration, licensing of an 
exempted company or, subject to certain minor exceptions, on their transactions. Accordingly no stamp 
duty will be payable on the issue of any Notes by the Issuer. 
Bermuda has currently signed tax information exchange agreements with 41 different countries and 
territories including Argentina, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, South 
Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States. The agreements provide that the competent authorities 
of the participating countries shall provide assistance through the exchange of information that is relevant 
to the administration or enforcement of the domestic laws of the participating countries concerning taxes 
covered by the agreements. Such information shall include information that is relevant to the determination, 
assessment and collection of such taxes, the recovery and enforcement of tax claims or the investigation or 
prosecution of tax matters. Information shall be exchanged in accordance with the provisions of the 
agreements and shall be treated as confidential in the manner provided therein. Bermuda may agree to sign 
similar tax information exchange agreements with other countries in the future. 
Qatar 
The following is a summary of the principal Qatari tax consequences of ownership of the Notes by 
beneficial owners who or which are not incorporated in or residents  of Qatar for Qatari tax purposes and

--- Page 185 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
do not conduct business activities in Qatar ("Non-Qatari Holders"). The summary below of the taxation 
in Qatar is based upon: (a) the Income Tax Law No. 24 of 2018 ("Income Tax Law"); (b) the Executive 
Regulations to the Income Tax Law issued by Cabinet decision No. 39 of 2019  in December 2019 
("Executive Regulations"); and (c) the practice that has been adopted and is applied by the General Tax 
Authority, each as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. This general description is subject to any 
subsequent change in the Income Tax Law, Executive Regulations and practice that may come into effect 
after such date. 
Under the Income Tax Law, tax is levied on a tax payer's income arising from activities within Qatar, 
including tax on profits realised on any contract implemented in Qatar. In particular, Article 9(2) of the 
Income Tax Law states: 
"Taking in consideration the provisions of Tax conventions, the Royalties, interests, commissions and fees 
of the services rendered in whole or in part in the State and paid to non-Residents for Activities not related 
to a Permanent Establishment in the State, shall be withheld at source at the rate of (5%) five percent of 
the total amount thereof, according to the Regulation." (Unofficial translation.) 
The Income Tax Law and the Executive Regulations  provide that any payment of interest and fees made 
in relation to bonds issued by a Qatari corporate entity will be subject to withholding tax. However, the 
Executive Regulations provide for certain exemptions to such application of withholding tax. In particular, 
Paragraph 2 of Article 21.4 of the Executive Regulations provides that interest on bills and bonds issued 
by the State of Qatar and public authorities, establishments and corporations owned wholly or partly by the 
State shall not be subject to withholding tax. As the Issuer is partly and indirectly owned by the State of 
Qatar, any payment by the Issuer of interest payable under any Notes or guaranteed by Ooredoo would fall 
within the exemption. 
If the Issuer and/or Ooredoo cease to be partly owned by Qatar, the exemption at Paragraph 2 of Article 
21(4) of the Executive Regulations will cease to apply and interest payments by the Issuer will be subject 
to withholding tax. Ooredoo, would benefit from an exemption under Paragraph 3 of Article 21(4) of the 
Executive Regulations which provides that interest on transactions, facilities and loans with banks and 
financial institutions shall not be subject to withholding tax. However, in respect of the Issuer, as the Issuer 
is not a bank or financial institution for the purposes of the Executive Regulations, the obligation to pay 
interest under the Notes would be subject to withholding tax in Qatar. 
The Issuer and Ooredoo have agreed that all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes payable in Qatar and the Issuer and Ooredoo will be required 
to pay additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction imposed by or on behalf of Qatar 
in any circumstances, including where an exemption is no longer available. 
No Qatari stamp duty will be imposed on Non-Qatari Holders of the Notes either upon the issuance of the 
Notes or upon a subsequent transfer of the Notes. 
Capital gains of the Non-Qatari Holders will not be subject to tax in Qatar. Capital gains of Qatari individual 
Noteholders, including Qatari residents, will be exempt from taxation in Qatar.  
United States 
U.S. Federal Income Taxation 
The following summary discusses the certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. Except as specifically noted below, this discussion applies only to: 
 
Notes held as capital assets; and 
 
U.S. Holders (as defined below). 
This discussion assumes that the Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Prospective investors should note, however, that the classification of an instrument as debt or equity is 
highly factual, and it is possible that Notes might be issued that might be classified as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. No rulings have been or will be sought from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the 
"IRS") with respect to the classification of the Notes in general or with respect to any particular Notes.

--- Page 186 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors with respect to the proper classification of the Notes 
and the consequences of investing in any Notes that are not classified as debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, including whether any such Notes might be considered to be interests in a passive foreign 
investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could have materially adverse 
consequences for U.S. taxable investors. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant in light of a Noteholder's 
particular circumstances or to Noteholders subject to special rules, such as: 
 
financial institutions; 
 
insurance companies; 
 
dealers in securities or foreign currencies; 
 
traders in securities or foreign currencies electing to mark their positions to market; 
 
regulated investment companies; 
 
real estate investment trusts; 
 
grantor trusts; 
 
tax-exempt organizations; 
 
persons subject to the alternative minimum tax; 
 
persons holding Notes as part of a hedging transaction, "straddle," conversion transaction or other 
integrated transaction; 
 
U.S. expatriates and former long-term residents of the United States; 
 
U.S. Holders who hold their Notes through non-U.S. intermediaries; 
 
persons required to include certain items of revenue in income no later than when such item is 
taken into account in their financial statements; 
 
U.S. Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar; or 
 
partnerships or other pass-through entities and investors in such entities. 
This summary is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary 
and proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this Base 
Prospectus may affect the tax consequences described below. This summary does not address any U.S. 
federal tax consequences other than U.S. federal income tax consequences, such as the estate tax, gift tax, 
U.S. state or local tax or non-U.S. tax. This summary also does not address alternative minimum tax 
consequences, or the medicare tax on net investment income. Moreover, this summary deals only with 
Notes with a term of 30 years or less. Persons considering the purchase of a particular Tranche of Notes 
should consult the relevant supplemental base prospectus issued in connection with that Tranche of Notes 
for any discussion regarding U.S. federal income taxation and should consult their tax advisors with regard 
to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations, as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction. 
The tax treatment of certain Notes such as Floating Rate Notes and Notes that are not principal protected 
will be specified in the relevant supplemental base prospectus issued in connection with those Notes. This 
summary does not discuss Bearer Notes. In general, U.S. federal income tax law imposes significant 
limitations on U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Code.  Prospective investors who are U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding 
the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Bearer 
Notes.

--- Page 187 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes: 
 
a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
 
a corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or of any political 
subdivision thereof; 
 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 
a trust (i) if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) if such trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury 
regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 
If an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds Notes, the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and upon the 
activities of the partnership. Partners of partnerships holding Notes should consult with their tax advisors 
regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. 
Payments of Stated Interest 
Interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or 
is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
provided that the interest is "qualified stated interest" (as defined below). "Qualified stated interest" is stated 
interest that is unconditionally payable, or constructively received under Section 451 of the Code, in cash 
or property (other than in debt instruments of the issuer) at least annually during the entire term of the Note 
and equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Note multiplied by a single fixed rate of interest. In 
addition, interest on a Floating Rate Note that is unconditionally payable, or will be constructively received 
under Section 451 of the Code, in cash or property (other than debt instruments issued by the Issuer) at least 
annually will constitute "qualified stated interest" if the Note is a "variable rate debt instrument" ("VRDI") 
under the rules described below and the interest is payable at a single "qualified floating rate" or single 
"objective rate" (each as defined below). If the Note is a VRDI but the interest is payable other than at a 
single qualified floating rate or at a single objective rate, special rules apply to determine the portion of 
such interest that constitutes "qualified stated interest." See "Original Issue Discount – Floating Rate Notes 
that are VRDIs," below. Interest income earned by a U.S. Holder with respect to a Note will generally 
constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may be relevant in calculating 
the U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. The rules regarding foreign tax credits are complex and 
prospective investors should consult their tax advisors about the application of such rules to them in their 
particular circumstances. Special rules governing the treatment of interest paid with respect to short-term 
Notes, original issue discount Notes, contingent payment debt instruments and foreign currency Notes are 
described under "Short-Term Notes", "Original Issue Discount", "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" 
and "Foreign Currency Notes". 
Definition of Variable Rate Debt Instrument. A Note is a VRDI if all of the four following conditions are 
met. First, the "issue price" of the Note (as described below) must not exceed the total noncontingent 
principal payments by more than an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 0.015 multiplied by the product of the 
total noncontingent principal payments and the number of complete years to maturity from the issue date 
(or, in the case of a Note that provides for payment of any amount other than qualified stated interest before 
maturity, its weighted average maturity) and (ii) 15 per cent. of the total noncontingent principal payments. 
Second, the Note must generally provide for stated interest (or its equivalent) (compounded or paid at least 
annually) at (a) one or more qualified floating rates, (b) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating 
rates, (c) a single objective rate or (d) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a "qualified 
inverse floating rate" (as defined below). Third, the Note must provide that a qualified floating rate or 
objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the Note is set at the value of the rate on any day that 
is no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one 
year following that first day. Fourth, the Note may not provide for any principal payments that are 
contingent except as provided in the first requirement set forth above. 
Subject to certain exceptions, a variable rate of interest on a Note is a "qualified floating rate" if variations 
in the value of the rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous fluctuations in the cost of

--- Page 188 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. A variable rate will be considered 
a qualified floating rate if the variable rate equals (i) the product of an otherwise qualified floating rate and 
a fixed multiple (i.e., a spread multiplier) that is greater than 0.65, but not more than 1.35 or (ii) an otherwise 
qualified floating rate (or the product described in clause (i)) plus or minus a fixed rate (i.e., a spread). If 
the variable rate equals the product of an otherwise qualified floating rate and a single spread multiplier 
greater than 1.35 or less than or equal to 0.65, however, such rate will generally constitute an objective rate, 
described more fully below. A variable rate will not be considered a qualified floating rate if the variable 
rate is subject to a cap, floor, governor (i.e., a restriction on the amount of increase or decrease in the stated 
interest rate) or similar restriction that is reasonably expected as of the issue date to cause the yield on the 
Note to be significantly more or less than the expected yield determined without the restriction (other than 
a cap, floor or governor that is fixed throughout the term of the Note). 
Subject to certain exceptions, an "objective rate" is a rate (other than a qualified floating rate) that is 
determined using a single fixed formula and that is based on objective financial or economic information 
that is neither within the Issuer's control (or the control of a related party) nor unique to the Issuer's 
circumstances (or the circumstances of a related party). Notwithstanding the first sentence of this paragraph, 
a rate on a Note is not an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during 
the first half of the Note's term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the average 
value of the rate during the final half of the Note's term. An objective rate is a "qualified inverse floating 
rate" if (a) the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate and (b) the variations in the rate 
can reasonably be expected to reflect inversely contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed 
funds (disregarding any caps, floors, governors or similar restrictions that would not, as described above, 
cause a rate to fail to be a qualified floating rate). 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant supplemental base prospectus issued in connection with a 
particular Tranche of Notes, it is expected, and this discussion assumes, that a Floating Rate Note will 
qualify as a VRDI. If a Floating Rate Note does not qualify as a VRDI, then the Floating Rate Note will 
generally be treated as a contingent payment debt instrument, as discussed below under "Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments." 
Original Issue Discount 
Except in the case of a short-term Note, a Note that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated 
redemption price at maturity" will be considered to have been issued at an original issue discount ("OID") 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be referred to as an "original issue discount Note") unless 
the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as described below). The "issue price" of a Note generally will 
be the first price at which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold to the public (which does not include 
sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, 
placement agents or wholesalers). The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Note generally will equal 
the sum of all payments required to be made under the Note other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount, i.e., 1/4 of 1 per cent. of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number 
of complete years to maturity (or, in the case of a Note that provides for payment of any amount other than 
qualified stated interest prior to maturity, the weighted average maturity of the Note), the Note will not be 
considered to have OID. U.S. Holders of Notes with a de minimis amount of OID will include this OID in 
income, as capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal payments are made on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder of original issue discount Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest 
payments in income in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note 
(including qualified stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and 
unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium or acquisition premium) in accordance with 
a constant yield method based on the compounding of interest, and may revoke such election only with the 
permission of the IRS (a "constant yield election"). 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or U.S. Holders may have an unconditional option 
to require the Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable regulations, if the 
Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will be

--- Page 189 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any date on which the Note may be redeemed as the maturity date 
and the amount payable on that date in accordance with the terms of the Note as the stated redemption price 
at maturity, the yield on the Note would be lower than its yield to maturity. If the U.S. Holders have an 
unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will 
be presumed to be exercised if making the same assumptions as those set forth in the previous sentence, the 
yield on the Note would be higher than its yield to maturity. If this option is not in fact exercised, the Note 
would be treated, solely for purposes of calculating OID, as if it were redeemed, and a new Note were 
issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note's adjusted issue price on that date. 
The adjusted issue price of an original issue discount Note is defined as the sum of the issue price of the 
Note and the aggregate amount of previously accrued OID, less any prior payments other than payments of 
qualified stated interest. 
Fixed Rate Notes. In the case of a Fixed Rate Note that is an original issue discount Note, U.S. Holders of 
such Note will be required to include OID in income for U.S. federal tax purposes as it accrues in 
accordance with a constant yield method based on a compounding of interest, regardless of whether cash 
attributable to this income is received. 
Floating Rate Notes that are VRDIs. In the case of a Floating Rate Note that is a VRDI and that provides 
for interest at a single variable rate, the amount of qualified stated interest and the amount of OID, if any, 
includible in income during a taxable year are determined under the rules applicable to Fixed Rate Notes 
(described above) by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a qualified 
floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating rate 
or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse 
floating rate), the rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Note. Qualified stated interest 
allocable to an accrual period is increased (or decreased) if the interest actually paid or accrued during an 
accrual period exceeds (or is less than) the interest assumed to be paid or accrued during the accrual period. 
If a Note that is a VRDI does not provide for interest at a single variable rate as described above, the amount 
of interest and OID accruals are determined by constructing an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument, as 
follows: 
 
First, in the case of an instrument that provides for stated interest at one or more qualified floating 
rates or at a qualified inverse floating rate and, in addition, at a fixed rate (other than a fixed rate 
that is treated as, together with a variable rate, a single qualified floating rate or objective rate), 
replace the fixed rate with a qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate) such that the 
fair market value of the instrument, so modified, as of the issue date would be approximately the 
same as the fair market value of the unmodified instrument. 
 
Second, determine the fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided by the Note. The fixed 
rate substitute for each qualified floating rate provided by the Note is the value of that qualified 
floating rate on the issue date. If the Note provides for two or more qualified floating rates with 
different intervals between interest adjustment dates (for example, the 30-day commercial paper 
rate and quarterly LIBOR), the fixed rate substitutes are based on intervals that are equal in length 
(for example, the 90-day commercial paper rate and quarterly LIBOR, or the 30-day commercial 
paper rate and monthly LIBOR). The fixed rate substitute for an objective rate that is a qualified 
inverse floating rate is the value of the qualified inverse floating rate on the issue date. The fixed 
rate substitute for an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) is a fixed rate that 
reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Note. 
 
Third, construct an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument that has terms that are identical to those 
provided under the Note, except that the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument provides for the 
fixed rate substitutes determined in the second step, in lieu of the qualified floating rates or 
objective rate provided by the Note. 
 
Fourth, determine the amount of qualified stated interest and OID for the equivalent fixed rate 
debt instrument under the rules (described above) for Fixed Rate Notes. These amounts are taken 
into account as if the U.S. Holder held the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument. See "Payments 
of Stated Interest" and "Original Issue Discount – Fixed Rate Notes," above. 
 
Fifth, make appropriate adjustments for the actual values of the variable rates. In this step, 
qualified stated interest or, in certain circumstances, OID allocable to an accrual period is

--- Page 190 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
increased (or decreased) if the interest actually accrued or paid during the accrual period exceeds 
(or is less than) the interest assumed to be accrued or paid during the accrual period under the 
equivalent fixed rate debt instrument. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note (other than a short-term Note) for an amount that is less than its stated 
redemption price at maturity or, in the case of an original issue discount Note, its adjusted issue price, the 
amount of the difference will be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless 
this difference is less than a specified de minimis amount. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to treat any principal payment (or, in the case of an original issue discount 
Note, any payment that does not constitute qualified stated interest) on, or any gain on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, including disposition in certain non-recognition transactions, as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount accrued on the Note at the time of the payment or 
disposition unless this market discount has been previously included in income by the U.S. Holder pursuant 
to an election by the Noteholder to include market discount in income as it accrues, or pursuant to a constant 
yield election (as described under "Original Issue Discount") by the Noteholder. In addition, the U.S. 
Holder may be required to defer, until the maturity of the Note or its earlier disposition (including certain 
non-taxable transactions), the deduction of all or a portion of the interest expense on any indebtedness 
incurred or maintained to purchase or carry such Note. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election for a Note with market discount, such election will result 
in a deemed election for all market discount bonds acquired by the Noteholder on or after the first day of 
the first taxable year to which such election applies. This election may only be revoked with the consent of 
the IRS. 
Acquisition Premium and Amortisable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder who purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the Note's adjusted issue price, but 
less than or equal to the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments 
of qualified stated interest will be considered to have purchased the Note at an acquisition premium. Under 
the acquisition premium rules, the amount of OID that the U.S. Holder must include in its gross income 
with respect to the Note for any taxable year will be reduced by the portion of acquisition premium properly 
allocable to that year. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount in excess of the sum of the remaining amounts payable on 
the Note (other than qualified stated interest), the Noteholder will be considered to have purchased the Note 
with amortisable bond premium equal in amount to such excess and generally will not be required to include 
any OID in gross income. Generally, a U.S. Holder may elect to amortise this premium as an offset to 
qualified stated interest, using a constant yield method, over the remaining term of the Note. Special rules 
may apply in the case of a Note that is subject to optional redemption. A U.S. Holder who elects to amortise 
bond premium must reduce its tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium amortised in any year. 
An election to amortise bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations then owned and thereafter 
acquired by the U.S. Holder and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "Original Issue Discount") for a Note 
with amortisable bond premium, such election will result in a deemed election to amortise bond premium 
for all of the U.S. Holder's debt instruments with amortisable bond premium. This election may only be 
revoked with the consent of the IRS. 
Sale, Exchange, Retirement or the Taxable Disposition of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder will generally 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition and the Noteholder's adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's 
adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the acquisition cost of the Note increased by the amount 
of OID and market discount included in the Holder's gross income and decreased by any payment received 
from the Issuer other than a payment of qualified stated interest and any amortisable bond premium taken 
into account. Gain or loss, if any, will generally be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a U.S. 
Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. For these purposes, the amount realised does not include any amount

--- Page 191 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
attributable to accrued interest on the Note. Amounts attributable to accrued interest (including OID) are 
treated as interest as described under "Payments of Stated Interest" and "Original Issue Discount". 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable 
disposition of a Note will generally be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at 
the time of sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition the U.S. Holder has held the Note for 
more than one year. Exceptions to this general rule apply to the extent of any accrued market discount or, 
in the case of a short-term Note, to the extent of any accrued discount not previously included in the 
Noteholder's taxable income. See "Original Issue Discount" and "Market Discount". In addition, other 
exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of short-term Notes, foreign currency Notes, and contingent 
payment debt instruments. See "Short-Term Notes", "Foreign Currency Notes" and "Contingent Payment 
Debt Instruments". The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Short-Term Notes 
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Note") will be treated as 
being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated interest. 
In general, a cash method U.S. Holder of a short-term Note is not required to accrue the discount for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so, with the consequence that the reporting of such income 
is deferred until it is received. U.S. Holders who so elect and certain other U.S. Holders, including those 
who report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are required 
to include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless another election is made to 
accrue the discount according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding. In the case of a U.S. 
Holder who is not required and who does not elect to include the discount in income currently, any gain 
realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of 
the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant yield method based on 
daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or retirement. In addition, those U.S. Holders will 
be required to defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry short-
term Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued discount (which includes interest that is payable but 
that has not been included in gross income) with respect to such short-term Note until the accrued discount 
is included in income. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a short-term Note is increased by the amount included 
in such holder's income on such a Note. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments 
(including certain Floating Rate Notes that do not qualify as VRDIs) they will be "contingent payment debt 
instruments" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the rules that govern the treatment of contingent 
payment debt instruments, no payment on such Notes qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a U.S. 
Holder must accrue interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" and account 
for differences between actual payments on the Note and the Note's "projected payment schedule" as 
described below. The comparable yield is determined, pursuant to U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 
1.1275-4(b)(4)(i)(A), by the Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes and, in general, equals the annual 
yield an issuer would pay, as of the issue date, on a fixed-rate, nonconvertible debt instrument with no 
contingent payments, but with terms and conditions otherwise comparable to the contingent payment debt 
instrument. The comparable yield may be greater than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect 
to the Notes. Solely for the purpose of determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. Holder will 
be required to accrue on a contingent payment debt instrument, the Issuer will be required to construct a 
"projected payment schedule" that represents a series of payments the amount and timing of which would 
produce a yield to maturity on the contingent payment debt instrument equal to the comparable yield. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the 
Issuer regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and the 
projected payment schedule established by the Issuer in determining interest accruals and adjustments in 
respect of a contingent payment debt instrument, unless the U.S. Holder timely discloses and justifies the 
use of a different comparable yield and projected payment schedule to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of its method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will be required 
to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, adjusted upward

--- Page 192 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount of any contingent 
payments on the contingent payment debt instrument (as set forth below). As such, a U.S. Holder may be 
required to include interest in income each year in excess of any stated interest payments actually received 
in that year, if any. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment 
debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over 
actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a 
Noteholder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; 
 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to the extent of the U.S. Holder's 
interest income on the contingent debt obligation during prior taxable years, reduced to the extent 
such interest was offset by prior net negative adjustments; and 
 
to the extent of any excess after the application of the previous two bullet points, will be carried 
forward as a negative adjustment to offset future interest income with respect to the contingent 
debt obligation or to reduce the amount realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent 
debt obligation. 
A net negative adjustment is not treated as a miscellaneous itemized deduction (for which deductions would 
be unavailable or, beginning in 2026, available only to a limited extent). Where a U.S. Holder purchases a 
contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the difference between 
the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily portions of interest 
or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining term and 
treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to which it is 
allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a contingent payment debt instrument, a 
U.S. Holder generally will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount 
realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the contingent payment 
debt instrument. A U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument 
generally will be the acquisition cost of the Note, increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. 
Holder on the Note under these rules, disregarding any net positive and net negative adjustments, and 
decreased by the amount of any non-contingent payments and the projected amount of any contingent 
payments previously made on the Note. A U.S. Holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, and 
any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the total net 
negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital loss. The 
deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. In addition, if a U.S. Holder recognises loss above 
certain thresholds, the U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS (as described 
under "Other Reporting Requirements"). 
Special rules will apply if one or more contingent payments on a contingent debt obligation become fixed. 
For purposes of the preceding sentence, a payment (including an amount payable at maturity) will be treated 
as fixed if (and when) all remaining contingencies with respect to it are remote or incidental within the 
meaning of the contingent debt regulations. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in the contingent debt obligation and 
the character of any gain or loss on the sale of the contingent debt obligation would also be affected. U.S. 
Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers concerning the application of these special rules. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The following discussion summarises the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder 
of the ownership and disposition of Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than the U.S. 
Dollar or the payments of interest or principal on which are payable in a currency other than the U.S. Dollar 
("foreign currency Notes"). However, the U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder of the 
ownership and disposition of currency-linked Notes and non-functional currency contingent payment debt 
instruments are not discussed herein and will be discussed in any supplemental base prospectus issued in 
connection with the issuance of such Notes and instruments.

--- Page 193 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, exchange 
or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency Note to be recharacterised as ordinary income or loss. 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes are complex and may depend on the Noteholder's particular 
U.S. federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these rules, and 
whether a U.S. Holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. 
federal income tax situation. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of foreign currency Notes. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a foreign currency with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to include in income 
the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined based on the spot rate on the date the 
payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. Dollars at the time, and 
this U.S. Dollar value will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. A cash method U.S. Holder 
who receives a payment of qualified stated interest in U.S. Dollars pursuant to an option available under 
such Note will be required to include the amount of this payment in income upon receipt. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. Dollar value of the amount 
of interest income (including OID or market discount, but reduced by acquisition premium and amortisable 
bond premium, to the extent applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be taken into account 
with respect to a foreign currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. Dollar value of the accrued 
income generally will be determined by translating the income at the average rate of exchange for the 
accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the 
partial period within the taxable year. The U.S. Holder will recognise ordinary income or loss with respect 
to accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received. The amount of ordinary income or 
loss recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency payment 
received (determined based on a spot rate on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual 
period (or, where a U.S. Holder receives U.S. Dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual 
period) and the U.S. Dollar value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as 
determined above). Rules similar to these rules apply in the case of a cash method taxpayer required to 
currently accrue OID or market discount. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including OID) into U.S. Dollars at 
the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial accrual period, the spot 
rate on the last day of the taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within five business days of the last day 
of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. Holder that makes this election 
must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot change the election without 
the consent of the IRS. 
OID, market discount, acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium on a foreign currency Note are 
to be determined in the relevant foreign currency. Where the taxpayer elects to include market discount in 
income currently, the amount of market discount will be determined for any accrual period in the relevant 
foreign currency and then translated into U.S. Dollars on the basis of the average rate in effect during the 
accrual period. Exchange gain or loss realised with respect to such accrued market discount shall be 
determined in accordance with the rules relating to accrued interest described above. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium taken into account on a current 
basis shall reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency. Exchange gain or loss is realised 
on amortised bond premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium amortised in the 
period in the same manner as on the sale, exchange, retirement, or other taxable disposition of the foreign 
currency Note. Any exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as described below. If the election 
is not made, any loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note with 
amortisable bond premium by a U.S. Holder who has not elected to amortise the premium will be a capital 
loss to the extent of the bond premium. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a foreign currency Note, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment to the 
Noteholder's tax basis, will be the U.S. Dollar value amount of the foreign currency amount paid for such 
foreign currency Note, or of the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined on the date of the 
purchase or adjustment. A U.S. Holder who purchases a foreign currency Note with previously owned 
foreign currency will recognise ordinary income or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between 
such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency and the U.S. Dollar fair market value of the foreign 
currency Note on the date of purchase.

--- Page 194 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency 
Note that is attributable to fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which 
will not be treated as interest income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates 
will equal the difference between (i) the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount of the 
Note, determined on the date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of, and (ii) the U.S. Dollar 
value of the foreign currency principal amount of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired 
the Note (adjusted, in each case, for any amortised bond premium that has been taken into account prior to 
the date of the sale, exchange, or retirement). Payments received attributable to accrued interest will be 
treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments of interest on foreign currency Notes described 
above. The foreign currency gain or loss will be recognised only to the extent of the total gain or loss 
realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of the foreign 
currency Note. The source of the foreign currency gain or loss will be determined by reference to the 
residence of the U.S. Holder or the "qualified business unit" of the U.S. Holder on whose books the Note 
is properly reflected. Any gain or loss realised by these U.S. Holders in excess of the foreign currency gain 
or loss will be capital gain or loss except that any gain will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of 
any accrued market discount or, in the case of short term Note, to the extent of any discount not previously 
included in the U.S. Holder's income. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax 
consequences of receiving payments in a currency different from the currency in which payments with 
respect to such Note accrue. 
Generally, a U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency Note equal to the U.S. Dollar value of the 
foreign currency, determined at the time of sale, exchange or retirement. In the case of a Note that is 
considered to be traded on an established securities market, a cash method taxpayer, and, if it so elects, an 
accrual method taxpayer, will determine the U.S. Dollar value of the amount realised by translating such 
amount at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale. Accordingly, no exchange gain or 
loss will result from currency fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement date of the purchase or 
sale. The special election available to accrual basis U.S. Holders in regard to the purchase and disposition 
of Notes traded on an established securities market must be applied consistently to all debt instruments held 
by the U.S. Holder and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Any gain or loss realised by a 
U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition of foreign currency (including its exchange for U.S. Dollars or 
its use to purchase foreign currency Notes) will be ordinary income or loss. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes (including any 
accrued OID) and the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. Holder may be subject 
to U.S. backup withholding on these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number to the 
paying agent and comply with certain certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption from 
backup withholding. Backup withholding is not a tax and the amount of any backup withholding from a 
payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against the Noteholder's U.S. federal income tax 
liability and may entitle such U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely 
furnished to the IRS. 
Other Reporting Requirements 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose its participation 
to the IRS by attaching Form 8886 to its tax return and retaining a copy of all documents and records 
relating to the transaction. The scope and application of these rules is not entirely clear and whether an 
investment in a Note constitutes a "reportable transaction" for any holder depends on the holder's particular 
circumstances. For example, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from 
the Notes as a reportable transaction if the loss exceeds certain thresholds. In the event the acquisition, 
ownership or disposition of Notes constitutes participation in a "reportable transaction" for purposes of 
these rules, a U.S. Holder will be required to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to the 
acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, as codified in Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official

--- Page 195 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (collectively, 
"FATCA"), and subject to the proposed regulations discussed below, a "foreign financial institution" (as 
defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be classified as a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Bermuda) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements  with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
proposed regulations (upon which taxpayers may rely until the issuance of final regulations) have been 
issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register, 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date 
on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of issuer substitution). However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 16 (Further 
Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously-issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as 
a result of the withholding. 
The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and 
may not be applicable depending upon a Noteholder's particular situation. Noteholders should 
consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences to them of the ownership and 
disposition of the Notes, including the tax consequences under state, local, foreign and other tax laws 
and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws. 
The proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including: (i) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State; or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 196 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
requirements on "employee benefit plans"(as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title I of ERISA, 
including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying assets 
include the assets of such plans (collectively, "ERISA Plans") and on those persons who are fiduciaries 
with respect to ERISA Plans.  Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary 
requirements, including, but not limited to, the requirement of investment prudence and diversification and 
the requirement that an ERISA Plan's investment's be made in accordance with the documents governing 
the plan. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan (Section 4975 of the Code 
also imposes prohibitions for certain plans that are not subject to Title I of ERISA but which are subject to 
Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts (together with ERISA Plans, "Plans")) 
and certain persons (referred to as "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under the 
Code) having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a statutory, administrative, or individual exemption 
is applicable to the transaction. In addition, the U.S. Department of Labor has issued a final regulation 
concerning the definition of what constitutes plan assets. This regulation provides that, as a general rule, 
the underlying assets and properties of corporations, partnerships, trusts and certain other entities in which 
a Plan makes an equity investment will be deemed for purposes of ERISA to be assets of the investing Plan 
if "benefit plan investors" (that is, generally, Plans) own 25 per cent. or more of any class of equity interests 
of the Issuer, subject to certain exceptions that are not expected to be applicable. Prohibited transactions 
within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may arise in connection with the 
purchase and holding of Notes (or any interest therein), particularly if any Notes are acquired by a Plan 
with respect to which any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates are a party in interest or a disqualified person. Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction 
provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, depending 
in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire Notes and the circumstances under 
which such decision is made. There can be no assurance that any exemption will be available with respect 
to any particular transaction involving the Notes, or that, if an exemption is available, it will cover all 
aspects of any particular transaction. No assurance is given regarding whether the purchase or holding of 
any Notes would be considered to involve an extension of credit to the Issuer for purposes of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code. A party in interest or disqualified person who engages in a prohibited transaction 
may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and Section 4975 of the 
Code. In addition no assurance is given regarding whether the Notes may be deemed to be equity interests 
in the Issuer for ERISA purposes or whether benefit plan investors may own 25 per cent or more of the 
Notes. Accordingly, unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, by its purchase of any Notes each original 
or subsequent purchaser or transferee of a Note will be deemed to have represented and agreed either that 
(i) it is not and for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest therein) will not be a Plan, an entity whose 
underlying assets include the assets of any such Plan, or a governmental or other employee benefit plan 
which is subject to any U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law, that is substantially similar to the 
provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or (ii) its purchase, holding, and 
disposition of a Note will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of such a governmental or other employee benefit plan, a 
violation of any such substantially similar U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law) for which an exemption 
is not available. 
ERISA also imposes certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries of ERISA Plans. Under ERISA, any 
person who exercises any discretionary authority or control over the administration of an ERISA Plan or 
the management or disposition of the assets of such an ERISA Plan, or who renders investment advice for 
a fee or other compensation (direct or indirect) to such an ERISA Plan, is generally considered to be a 
fiduciary of the ERISA Plan. In considering an investment of a portion of the assets of any ERISA Plan in 
the Notes, a fiduciary should determine, among other things, whether the acquisition and holding of the 
Notes is in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the ERISA Plan and the applicable 
provisions of ERISA, the Code or any substantially similar law relating to the fiduciary's duties to the 
ERISA Plan including but not limited to, the prudence, diversification, delegation of control and prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA, the Code and any other applicable substantially similar laws.  
Governmental plans and certain church and other U.S. or non-U.S. plans, while not subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA or the provisions of Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be

--- Page 197 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
subject to state, other federal or non-U.S. laws that are substantially similar to ERISA and the Code. 
Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing any Notes regarding the 
relevant considerations under such laws, including to determine the need for, and the availability, if 
necessary, of any exemptive relief under any such law or regulations. 
THE PRECEDING DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN 
ERISA 
IMPLICATIONS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE 
COMPLETE. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN LEGAL, 
TAX, FINANCIAL AND OTHER ADVISORS PRIOR TO INVESTING IN THE NOTES TO 
REVIEW THESE IMPLICATIONS IN LIGHT OF SUCH INVESTOR'S PARTICULAR 
CIRCUMSTANCES. 
THE SALE OF NOTES TO A PLAN IS IN NO RESPECT A REPRESENTATION BY THE 
ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR, THE ARRANGER OR THE DEALERS THAT SUCH AN 
INVESTMENT 
MEETS 
ALL 
RELEVANT 
REQUIREMENTS 
WITH 
RESPECT 
TO 
INVESTMENTS BY PLANS GENERALLY OR ANY PARTICULAR PLAN, OR THAT SUCH AN 
INVESTMENT IS APPROPRIATE FOR PLANS GENERALLY OR ANY PARTICULAR PLAN.

--- Page 198 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 10 March 2021, 
agreed with the Issuer and Ooredoo a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree 
to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
In accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, the Issuer (failing which, Ooredoo) has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update and any future update 
of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and the Issuer and Ooredoo have agreed to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have, in the past, performed investment banking and 
advisory services for, and provided credit facilities to, Ooredoo for which they have received customary 
fees and expenses. Each of the Dealers and their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in 
further transactions with, and perform services for, Ooredoo in the ordinary course of their respective 
businesses. Ooredoo may apply all or part of the proceeds of any Notes issued pursuant to the Programme 
in repayment of all or part of any such credit facilities. See "Use of Proceeds". 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering 
of the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of 
the relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such persons may over-allot 
or create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to 
them by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in 
the open market. In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for 
or purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions 
allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are 
reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation 
transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price 
of the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a 
penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No 
representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Under United Kingdom laws and regulations, 
stabilising activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation Manager named in the relevant subscription 
agreement (or persons acting on its behalf) and only for a limited period following the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. 
To the extent the Dealers intend to make any offers or sales of the Notes in the United States, or to nationals 
or residents of the United States, they will do so only through one or more registered broker-dealers in 
compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, as well as with applicable laws of the various 
states. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer 
an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will 
be required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined 
in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; or 
(b) it is an Institutional Accredited Investor which has delivered an IAI Investment Letter; or (c) it 
is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that the Notes and the Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public 
offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities

--- Page 199 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside 
the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is 
one year after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series (or the date on which full consideration 
has been paid for Partly Paid Notes) and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only: (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof; (b) inside the 
United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or, if 
the applicable Final Terms so permit, to an Institutional Accredited Investor that has delivered a 
duly executed IAI Investment Letter in a private transaction exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act; (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 under the Securities Act; (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by 
Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available); or (e) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State 
securities laws; 
(iv) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above, if then applicable; 
(v) 
unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, either (A) it is not and for so long as it holds a 
Note (or any interest therein) will not be (i) an "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) 
of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" as defined in and subject to Section 4975 
of the Code (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of any such employee benefit 
plan subject to Title I of ERISA or other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (iv) a 
governmental or other benefit plan which is subject to any U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. 
law, that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code, or (B) its purchase, holding and disposition of a Note will not constitute or result in a 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of 
such a governmental or other employee benefit plan, a violation of any such substantially similar 
U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law) for which an exemption is not available; 
(vi) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 
144A Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form of 
Definitive IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(vii) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT [(1)] IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS [OR (2) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL 
"ACCREDITED INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) OR 
(13) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN "INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR")]; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER 
THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, 
PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE 
DATE FOR THE SERIES (OR THE DATE ON WHICH FULL CONSIDERATION HAS BEEN 
PAID FOR PARTLY PAID NOTES) AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR 
AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN 
(1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO 
A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED

--- Page 200 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OR, IF THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS SO PERMIT, 
TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT HAS DELIVERED A DULY 
EXECUTED IAI INVESTMENT LETTER IN A PRIVATE TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) OUTSIDE THE 
UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS 
OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) 
IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS 
TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE 
DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY 
SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE 
AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS 
SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON); 
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, BY ITS PURCHASE 
AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THE PURCHASER 
OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED EITHER THAT 
(A) IT IS NOT AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN) WILL NOT BE (I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED ("ERISA") THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS 
DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (IV) A 
GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER BENEFIT PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, OR NON-U.S. LAW, THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO 
THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (B) 
ITS PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY WILL NOT 
CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR, IN THE CASE OF SUCH A 
GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SUCH SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR U.S. FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL LAW) FOR 
WHICH AN EXEMPTION IS NOT AVAILABLE."; 
(viii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance 
of the Notes), it will do so only: (a)(i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 
904 under the Securities Act; or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A; and (b) in accordance 
with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global 
Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer:

--- Page 201 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 
40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE 
CLOSING DATE WITH RESPECT TO ORIGINAL ISSUANCE OF THIS SECURITY, THIS 
SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND ALL APPLICABLE LAWS OF ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION."; 
(ix) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations 
or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is 
acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account; and 
(x) 
the Notes, when registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, will bear a legend to the following 
effect unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer; 
"UNLESS 
THIS 
GLOBAL 
NOTE 
IS 
PRESENTED 
BY 
AN 
AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK 
CORPORATION, ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN 
THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & 
CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR 
VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE 
& CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE 
DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED 
CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THIS LEGEND." 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the 
United States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) or Regulation D 
of the Securities Act are required to execute and deliver to the relevant Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. 
Upon execution and delivery of an IAI Investment Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, Notes 
will be issued in definitive registered form. See "Form of the Notes". 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision; 
(ii) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is 
subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus and the Notes 
(including those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or

--- Page 202 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the 
Securities Act; 
(iii) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or 
purchases securities similar to the Notes; 
(iv) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an Institutional Accredited Investor within the meaning 
of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and 
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating 
the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting 
are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite 
period of time; 
(v) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account 
or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of 
which it exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, 
subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be 
and remain within its control; and 
(vi) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes 
having a minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in 
another Specified Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will 
be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Where the D Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes, each Dealer will be required to represent, undertake and agree that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
substantially identical successor United States Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "D Rules") that it has not offered or sold and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, a United States person and it has not 
delivered and that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer 
Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect, procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware

--- Page 203 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or 
any substantially identical successor United States Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010); 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes from it for the purpose of offering or selling such 
Notes during the restricted period, it either: (a) repeats and confirms the representations and 
agreements contained in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's behalf; or (b) 
agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph; and 
(v) 
it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and agreements 
contained in subparagraphs (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) of this paragraph from any person other than 
its affiliate with whom it enters into a written contract, (a "distributor" as defined in U.S. Treasury 
Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii) (or any substantially identical successor United States 
Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, substantially identical successor 
regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010)), for the 
offer or sale during the restricted period of the Notes. 
Where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, the Notes must, in accordance with their original issuance, be issued and delivered 
outside the United States and its possessions and, accordingly, each Dealer will be required to represent, 
warrant and undertake that, in connection with the original issuance of the Notes: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes within the United States or its possessions; and 
(ii) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if it or such prospective purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will 
not otherwise involve its United States office in the offer and sale of Notes. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
("Regulation S Notes"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation 
S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons: (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until forty days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
of the Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part and the completion of the 
distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part. Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send 
to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further 
represented and agreed that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have not engaged and 
will not engage in any "directed selling efforts" (as defined in Rule 902(c) under the Securities Act) with 
respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Until forty days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 204 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of 
Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which 
may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof 
in any other currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of 
Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective 
purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 
144A(d)(4). 
Dealers may also arrange for the sale of Notes to Institutional Accredited Investors in private transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Institutional Accredited Investor will 
be required to deliver a duly executed IAI Investment Letter. The minimum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which may be purchased by an Institutional Accredited Investor is U.S.$500,000. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 205 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Hong Kong 
The Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have not been approved by or registered with the 
Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (i) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of 
which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Notes which are or are 
intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation

--- Page 206 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
for subscription or purchase and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivative contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, Ooredoo International Finance Limited has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice of the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Qatar 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except (a) in 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and (b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or engage 
in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in Qatar. This Base Prospectus has not 
been filed with, reviewed or approved by the QCB, the QFMA, the QFCRA or any other relevant Qatar 
governmental body or securities exchange. 
Bermuda 
Securities may be offered or sold in Bermuda only in compliance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, the Investment Business Act 2003, the Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations of Bermuda 
which regulate the sale of securities in Bermuda. In addition, specific permission is required from the BMA, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations, for all issuances and 
transfers of securities of Bermuda companies, other than in cases where the BMA has granted a general 
permission. The BMA, in its policy dated 1 June 2005, provides that, in respect of a Bermuda company, 
which does not have any equity securities (an equity security is defined as a share issued by a Bermuda

--- Page 207 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
company which entitles the holder to vote for or appoint one or more directors or a security which by its 
terms is convertible into a share which entitles the holder to vote for or appoint one or more directors) listed 
on an appointed stock exchange (which the Issuer does not), general permission is given for the issue and 
subsequent transfer of any securities, other than equity securities, from and/or to a non-resident of Bermuda. 
The general permission does not apply to securities held in bearer form. The BMA has granted specific 
permission to the Issuer for: (i) the issue of the Notes to "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (as defined in Rule 
144A promulgated under the Securities Act in compliance with Rule 144A) and "Accredited Investors" as 
defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities Act in the United States; 
and outside the United States pursuant to and in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and in 
accordance with local securities laws and regulations, in all cases with a minimum Note denomination of 
€100,000; and (ii) the free transferability of Notes so long as the Notes are admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or any other Appointed Stock Exchange (as defined in the Companies Act); and the free 
transferability of the Notes if not so listed in accordance with local securities laws and regulations, in all 
cases with a minimum Note denomination of €100,000. 
The BMA consent referred to above covers the issue and free transferability of the Notes being offered by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Base Prospectus but not any supplement thereto. The Issuer has also obtained a 
direction from the Minister of Finance of Bermuda that Part III and Section 35 of Part IV of the Companies 
Act relating to the offering of the Notes shall not apply to the offering of the Notes under the Programme, 
provided that they are only offered, up to the maximum aggregate nominal amount, to "Qualified 
Institutional Buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act in compliance with 
Rule 144A) and "Accredited Investors" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under 
the Securities Act in the United States; and outside the United States pursuant to and in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and in accordance with local securities laws and regulations, in all 
cases with a minimum Note denomination of €100,000. The BMA, the Minister of Finance of Bermuda 
and the Registrar of Companies accept no responsibility for the financial soundness of any proposal or for 
the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions expressed in this Base Prospectus or in any 
prospectus supplement. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not invited and will not invite members of the public in Bermuda 
to subscribe for or purchase the Notes, that it has not and will not offer the Notes for subscription, sale or 
transfer in Bermuda or to, or for the account of, persons resident in Bermuda and that it has complied, and 
will comply, with all applicable provisions of, the Companies Act, the Investment Business Act 2003 of 
Bermuda and any other relevant legislation of Bermuda with respect to anything done by it in relation to 
the Notes in, from or otherwise involving Bermuda. 
Although incorporated and registered in Bermuda, the Issuer has been classified as non-resident in Bermuda 
for Bermuda exchange control purposes by the BMA. Accordingly, the Issuer may convert currency (other 
than Bermuda Dollars) held for its account to any other currency and transfer such currency from Bermuda 
without legal restriction. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly 
promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any laws applicable 
in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.

--- Page 208 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Market Rules (MKT Module) of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under Article 9 or Article 10 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as 
issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 
2017, as amended by the Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 1-104-2019 dated 30 
September 2019 (the "KSA Regulations"), made through a person authorised by the Capital Market 
Authority ("CMA") to carry on the securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the CMA 
under the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to "sophisticated investors" under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations ("Sophisticated Investors") or 
by way of a limited offer under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer represents and agrees, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer 
of Notes by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Articles 9 or 10 and Article 11 of the 
KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
Article 15 of the KSA Regulations., including as follows: 
(a) 
a Saudi Investor (referred to as a "transferor") who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private 
placement under Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell Notes to any 
person (referred to as a "transferee") unless the offer or sale is made through an authorised person 
appropriately licenced by the CMA where one of the following requirements is met: 
(i) 
the price to be paid for the Notes in any one transaction is equal to or exceeds Saudi Riyals 
one million or an equivalent amount; 
(ii) 
the Notes are offered or sold to a Sophisticated Investor; or 
(iii) 
the Notes are being offered or sold in such other circumstances as the CMA may prescribe 
for these purposes; 
(b) 
if the requirement of paragraph (a)(i) above cannot be fulfilled because the price of the Notes being 
offered or sold to the transferee has declined since the date of the original private placement, the 
transferor may offer or sell the Notes to the transferee if their purchase price during the period of 
the original private placement was equal to or exceeded Saudi Riyals 1 million or an equivalent 
amount; 
(c) 
if the requirement in paragraph (b) above cannot be fulfilled, the transferor may offer or sell Notes 
if he/she sells his entire holding of Notes to one transferee; and 
(d) 
the provisions of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above shall apply to all subsequent transferees of the 
Notes.

--- Page 209 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes except 
on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more, excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Relevant State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information

--- Page 210 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Relevant State by any measure implementing the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State.  
This selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above.  
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws, regulations 
and directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, 
Ooredoo nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, Ooredoo or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
subscription agreement.

--- Page 211 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes by the Issuer was duly authorised by resolutions of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 February 2021. The establishment of the Programme and the 
giving of the Guarantee was duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of Ooredoo dated 27 
November 2012 and the update of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of Ooredoo dated 12 February 2021. Each of the Issuer and Ooredoo has obtained or will obtain 
from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes and the giving of the Guarantee. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the 
issue of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The approval of the 
Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or around 10 March 2021. Unlisted Notes may 
be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection in hard copy from the registered office of the Issuer and 
from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London or at 
https://www.ise.ie/Market-Data-Announcements/Debt/Individual-Debt-Instrument-Data/Dept-Security-
Documents/?progID=574&FIELDSORT=docId: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer and Ooredoo; 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018, together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Ooredoo as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019, together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and Ooredoo, together 
with any audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(v) 
the most recently published unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Ooredoo, 
together with any review reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(vi) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(viii) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms (save that the applicable Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered 
in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as the 
case may be) will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes

--- Page 212 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement prospectus and the Final Terms for notes listed on Euronext Dublin 
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor Ooredoo or any of its subsidiaries has entered into any material contracts outside the 
ordinary course of business which could result in its being under an obligation or entitlement which is, or 
may be, material to the ability of the Issuer or Ooredoo to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche 
of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for 
trading in book entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered 
Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and (if applicable) Common Code, will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy L-1885 Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, 
United States of America. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer, Ooredoo 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance, or material adverse 
change in the prospects, of the Issuer since 31 December 2019. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance, or material adverse 
change in the prospects of Ooredoo or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus on pages 143 to 146 (inclusive), neither the Issuer nor Ooredoo 
nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or 
Ooredoo is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in 
such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, Ooredoo or the 
Group. 
Websites 
The website of the Group is www.ooredoo.com. The websites and/or web links referred to in this Base 
Prospectus have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and are included for 
information purposes only. The content of such websites or web links is not incorporated into, and does not 
form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
Independent Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019 included in this Base Prospectus have been audited by Deloitte & Touche, Qatar Branch, 
independent auditors, as stated in their audit reports appearing herein.

--- Page 213 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
The financial statements of Ooredoo International Finance Limited as at for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 2018 included in this Base Prospectus have been audited by Deloitte & Touche, Qatar Branch, 
independent auditors, as stated in their audit report appearing herein. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, Ooredoo and the 
Group in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees. In particular, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, Ooredoo and 
their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer, 
Ooredoo and their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer, Ooredoo and their affiliates 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 214 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Audited Financial Statements of Ooredoo International Finance Limited as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2019, together with the audit report of the independent auditors ............  
F-1 
Audited Financial Statements of Ooredoo International Finance Limited as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2018, together with the audit report of the independent auditors ............  
F-29 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020, together with the audit report of the independent auditors ............................  
F-58 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019, together with the audit report of the independent auditors ............................  
F-165

--- Page 215 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
BERMUDA 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND  
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED  
31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
F-1

--- Page 216 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT  
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
INDEX 
Page 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
- 
 
 
 
 
Statement of financial position 
1 
 
 
Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
2 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
3 
 
 
Statement of cash flows 
4 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
5 - 24 
F-2

--- Page 217 ---
QR. 99-8 
 
RN: 1415/SM/FY2020 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
 
To the shareholder 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Bermuda 
 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of Ooredoo International Finance Limited (“the Company”), which 
comprise of the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019, and the statement of profit or loss 
and other comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year 
then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. 
 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as at 31 December 2019, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the 
year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs). 
 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International 
Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA Code) 
together with the other ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Company’s financial 
statements, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities. We believe that the audit evidence we 
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements   
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance 
with IFRS and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. 
 
 
 
Deloitte and Touche - Qatar 
Al Ahli Bank Building 
Sheikh Suhaim Bin Hamad Street 
Doha, P.O. Box 431  
The State of Qatar 
Tel: +974 443-41112 
Fax:+974 4442 2131 
www.deloitte.com 
F-3

--- Page 218 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED) 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
  
As part of an audit in accordance with ISA’s, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional 
scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risk, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omission, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness 
of the internal control. 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by management. 
 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions 
that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, 
future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
 
 
Doha – Qatar 
For Deloitte & Touche 
27 September 2020 
Qatar Branch 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Midhat Salha 
 
Partner 
 
License No. 257 
 
 
 
 
F-4

--- Page 219 ---
F-5

--- Page 220 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 2  
 
 
Note 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
     
 
 
 
 
Finance income 
4(a) 
205,531 
 
232,379 
 
 
 
 
 
Finance cost 
8 
(205,531) 
(232,379) 
 
 
 
 
General administrative expenses  
9 
(16) 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Net loss for the year 
 
(16)  
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive loss for the year 
 
(16) 
 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-6

--- Page 221 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 3  
 
Share  
capital 
 
Shareholder’s 
Contribution 
 
Accumulated 
losses 
 
Total 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 2018* 
-  
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income 
for the year 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Balance at 31 December 2018* 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 2019* 
-  
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Net movement in shareholder's 
contribution 
-  
14 
 
- 
 
14 
Total comprehensive loss for the 
year 
- 
 
- 
 
(16) 
 
(16) 
Balance at 31 December 2019* 
- 
 
14 
 
(16) 
 
      (2) 
         
 
*The capital amounted to USD 100 which has not moved since the incorporation of the Company.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-7

--- Page 222 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 4  
 
 
Note 
 
 
2019 
 
 
2018 
 
 
 
USD’000 
 USD’000 
OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Net loss before working capital changes 
 
 
 (16) 
- 
 
Adjustments for: 
Finance income 
 
 
4(a) 
(205,531) 
(232,379) 
Finance cost 
8 
   205,531 
 
   232,379 
 
 
- 
- 
Working capital changes 
Change in amounts due from Parent Company 
 
 
       2,625 
              - 
Changes in accrued expenses 
 
 
2 
- 
Change in interest payable 
 
 
    (2,625) 
            - 
Net cash from operating activities 
 
(14) 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Finance income received 
4(a) 
199,125 
 
225,375 
Net movement in interest bearing loan to Parent Company 
 
 
600,000 
 
- 
Net cash from investing activities 
 
 
799,125 
 
225,375 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Net movement in shareholder's contribution 
 
 
14 
 
 
Finance cost paid 
 
 
(199,125) 
 
(225,375) 
Net movement in interest bearing borrowings 
 
 
(600,000) 
 
- 
Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 
(799,111) 
 
(225,375) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 
 
- 
 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 
 
 
- 
 
- 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 
DECEMBER 
 
 
-  
- 
 
Refer to Notes 5 and 7 for details of non-cash transactions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-8

--- Page 223 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 5 - 
 
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited (the “Company”) was registered as an exempt company with 
limited liability on 8 May 2009. The Company was incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies Act 
1981. The Company’s registration number is 43194 and its registered office is at Canon’s Court, 22 
Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 12. 
 
The Company is a fully owned subsidiary of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (“the Parent Company”), a Qatari Public 
Shareholding Company listed on the Qatar Exchange. The Parent company’s registered office is at P.O. 
Box 217, Ooredoo building, 100 West Bay Tower, Doha, Qatar. 
 
The purpose of Ooredoo International Finance Limited is to raise notes and capital for the Parent 
Company’s financing requirements.  The Company is only operating in one segment. 
 
The financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2019 were authorised for issue 
in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company on 27 September 2020. 
 
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION  
 
a) Statement of compliance 
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). 
 
b) Basis of measurement 
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis. 
 
c) Functional and presentation currency 
The financial statements are presented in United States Dollars, which is the Company’s functional and 
presentation currency. All the financial information presented in these financial statements has been 
rounded to the nearest thousands (USD’000). 
 
d) Use of estimates and judgments 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make 
judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.  
  
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods 
affected. 
 
In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments in 
applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the 
financial statements is included in Notes 11 and 13. 
 
 
F-9

--- Page 224 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 6 - 
 
3.  
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
3.1 APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all the periods presented in these 
financial statements, and have been applied consistently by the Company. 
 
3.1.1    New and amended IFRS Standards that are effective for the current year 
 
The following new and revised IFRSs, which became effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2019, have been adopted in these financial statements. 
 
The Company adopted IFRS 16, Leases, which replaces the existing guidance on leases, including IAS 
17, Leases, IFRIC 4, Determining whether an arrangement contains a lease, SIC 15, Operating leases – 
Incentives and SIC 27, Evaluating the substance of transactions in the legal for of a lease.  
 
IFRS 16 Leases – Impact of Adoption 
The Company has applied IFRS 16, which replaces IAS 17 Leases and the related interpretations, with a 
date of initial application of 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 was issued in January 2016 and is effective for 
annual periods commencing on or after 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 stipulates that all leases and the 
associated contractual rights and obligations should generally be recognized in the Company’s statement 
of financial position, unless the term is 12 months or less or the lease relates to low value asset. Thus, the 
classification required under IAS 17 “Leases” into operating or finance leases is eliminated for Lessees. 
For each lease, the lessee recognizes a liability for the lease obligations incurred in the future. 
Correspondingly, a right to use the leased asset is capitalized, which is generally equivalent to the present 
value of the future lease payments plus directly attributable costs, including asset retirement obligations, 
and which is amortized over the useful life. 
 
The Company has performed assessment of the impact of IFRS 16 as at 1 January 2019, which did not 
result in any material impact on the financial statements. 
 
 
 
F-10

--- Page 225 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 7 - 
 
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1.2 New and revised IFRSs applied with no material effect on the financial statements  
 
The following new and revised IFRSs, which became effective for annual periods beginning on or after         
1 January 2019, have been adopted in these financial statements. The application of these revised IFRSs has 
not had any material impact on the amounts reported for the current and prior years but may affect the 
accounting for future transactions or arrangements. 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
Amendments to IFRS 9 Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation 
and Modification of financial liabilities  
1 January 2019 
The amendments to IFRS 9 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a 
prepayment feature meets the SPPI condition, the party exercising the option 
may pay or receive reasonable compensation for the prepayment irrespective of 
the reason for prepayment. In other words, prepayment features with negative 
compensation do not automatically fail SPPI. 
 
The amendment applies to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2019, with earlier application permitted. There are specific transition 
provisions depending on when the amendments are first applied, relative to the 
initial application of IFRS 9. 
 
Amendments to IAS 28 Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures: Relating 
to long-term interests in associates and joint ventures. 
1 January 2019 
These amendments clarify that an entity applies IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 
to long-term interests in an associate or joint venture that form part of the net 
investment in the associate or joint venture but to which the equity method is 
not applied. 
 
Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle Amendments to IFRS 3 
Business Combinations, IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, IAS 12 Income Taxes 
and IAS 23 Borrowing Costs. 
1 January 2019 
The Annual Improvements include amendments to four Standards. 
1 January 2019 
IAS 12 Income Taxes 
1 January 2019 
The amendments clarify that an entity should recognise the income tax 
consequences of dividends in profit or loss, other comprehensive income or 
equity according to where the entity originally recognised the transactions that 
generated the distributable profits. This is the case irrespective of whether 
different tax rates apply to distributed and undistributed profits. 
 
F-11

--- Page 226 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 8 - 
 
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1.2 New and revised IFRSs applied with no material effect on the financial statements (continued) 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
IAS 23 Borrowing costs 
1 January 2019 
The amendments clarify that if any specific borrowing remains outstanding after 
the related asset is ready for its intended use or sale, that borrowing becomes part 
of the funds that an entity borrows generally when calculating the capitalisation rate 
on general borrowings. 
 
IFRS 3 Business Combinations 
1 January 2019 
The amendments to IFRS 3 clarify that when an entity obtains control of a business 
that is a joint operation, the entity applies the requirements for a business 
combination achieved in stages, including re-measuring its previously held interest 
(PHI) in the joint operation at fair value. The PHI to be re-measured includes any 
unrecognised assets, liabilities and goodwill relating to the joint operation. 
 
IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements 
1 January 2019 
The amendments to IFRS 11 clarify that when a party that participates in, but does 
not have joint control of, a joint operation that is a business obtains joint control of 
such a joint operation, the entity does not re-measure its PHI in the joint operation. 
 
Amendments to IAS 19 Employee Benefits Plan Amendment, Curtailment or 
Settlement 
1 January 2019 
The amendments to IAS 19 Employee Benefits clarify the accounting for defined 
benefit plan amendments, curtailments and settlements. 
 
IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments 
1 January 2019 
The interpretation addresses the determination of taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, 
unused tax losses, unused tax credits and tax rates, when there is uncertainty over 
income tax treatments under IAS 12. It specifically considers: 
 
 
Whether tax treatments should be considered collectively; 
 
Assumptions for taxation authorities' examinations; 
 
The determination of taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses, 
unused tax credits and tax rates; and 
 
The effect of changes in facts and circumstances. 
 
 
 
F-12

--- Page 227 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 9 - 
 
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1.3 New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted 
The Company has not applied the following new and revised IFRSs that have been issued but are not yet 
effective: 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
Definition of Material - Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial 
Statements and IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates 
and Errors 
1 January 2020 
The new definition states that, ‘Information is material if omitting, misstating 
or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the 
primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of 
those financial statements, which provide financial information about a specific 
reporting entity.’ 
 
Definition of a Business – Amendments to IFRS 3 Business Combinations 
1 January 2020 
The amendments clarify that to be considered a business, an integrated set of 
activities and assets must include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive 
process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create output. 
IASB also clarify that a business can exist without including all of the inputs 
and processes needed to create outputs. That is, the inputs and processes 
applied to those inputs must have ‘the ability to contribute to the creation of 
outputs’ rather than ‘the ability to create outputs’. 
 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards 
related IFRS 2, IFRS 3, IFRS 6, IFRS 14, IAS 1, IAS 8, IAS 34, IAS 37, IAS 
38, IFRIC 12, IFRIC 19, IFRIC 20, IFRIC 22, and SIC-32 to update those 
pronouncements with regard to references to and quotes from the framework or 
to indicate where they refer to a different version of the Conceptual 
Framework. 
1 January 2020 
IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures and IFRS 9 — Financial 
Instruments 
Amendments regarding pre-replacement issues in the context of the IBOR 
reform 
1 January 2020 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
1 January 2023 
IFRS 17 requires insurance liabilities to be measured at a current fulfilment 
value and provides a more uniform measurement and presentation approach for 
all insurance contracts. These requirements are designed to achieve the goal of 
a consistent, principle-based accounting for insurance contracts. IFRS 17 
supersedes IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts as at 1 January 2023. 
 
Amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and IAS 28 
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures (2011) relating to the treatment of 
the sale or contribution of assets from and investor to its associate or joint 
venture. 
Effective date 
deferred indefinitely. 
Adoption is still 
permitted. 
 
 
F-13

--- Page 228 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 10 - 
 
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1.3 New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted (continued) 
Management anticipates that these new standards, interpretations and amendments will be adopted in the 
Company’s financial statements as and when they are applicable and adoption of these new standards, 
interpretations and amendments, may have no material impact on the financial statements of the Company 
in the period of initial application. 
 
3.2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these 
financial statements and have been applied consistently by the company. 
 
Revenue recognition  
 
Finance income  
Finance income is accrued on a time basis with reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective 
interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the 
expected life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition. 
 
Expenses 
 
Finance cost 
The Company bears finance cost on the interest bearing borrowings that it has obtained. These settlements 
of finance cost takes the form of an outflow or depletion of assets such as cash and cash equivalents and are 
recognized in the statement of profit or loss in the period they are incurred. 
 
Financial instruments 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Company’s statement of financial position 
when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets 
and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of 
the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly 
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. 
(i) Financial assets 
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.  
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair 
value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.  
 
 
F-14

--- Page 229 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 11 - 
 
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Classification of financial assets  
 
Impairment of financial assets 
The Company recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on due from related parties. The 
amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since 
initial recognition of the respective financial instrument. 
 
The Company always recognises lifetime ECL for due from related parties. The expected credit losses on 
these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Company’s historical credit loss 
experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an 
assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including 
time value of money where appropriate. 
 
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the 
expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL 
that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months 
after the reporting date. 
 
(i) Significant increase in credit risk 
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition, the Company compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the 
reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial 
recognition. In making this assessment, the Company considers both quantitative and qualitative 
information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking 
information that is available without undue cost or effort.  
 
The Company regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of 
identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due. 
 
(ii) Definition of default 
The Company employs statistical models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of PD of 
exposures with the passage of time. This analysis includes the identification for any changes in default 
rates and changes in key macro-economic factors across various geographies.  
 
 
F-15

--- Page 230 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 12 - 
 
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
(iii) Credit-impaired financial assets 
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the 
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
impaired includes observable data about the following events: 
 
(a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; 
(b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above); 
(c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial 
difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise 
consider; 
(d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or 
(e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties. 
 
(iv) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses 
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default  
and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based 
on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. As for the exposure at default, for financial 
assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date. 
 
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash 
flows that are due to the Company in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Company 
expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. 
 
(v) Write-off policy 
The Company writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in 
severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.  
 
Derecognition of financial assets 
The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the 
risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company recognises 
its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company 
retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company 
continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds 
received. 
 
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s 
carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.  
 
 
F-16

--- Page 231 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 13 - 
 
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
(ii) Financial liabilities 
All financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost   
Financial liabilities, that are not designated as at FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method.  
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of 
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part 
of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life 
of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial 
liability. 
 
Derecognition of financial liabilities 
The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Company’s obligations are 
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial 
liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
Interest bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of the consideration received, less 
directly attributable transaction costs.  Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing borrowings are 
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.  Instalments due within one year at 
amortised cost are shown as a current liability. Gains or losses are recognised in the statement of profit 
or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the amortisation process. Finance costs 
are recognised as an expense when incurred except those which qualify for capitalisation. 
 
Interest payable 
Interest payable is recognised for amounts to be paid in the future for interest accrued on the interest 
bearing borrowings obtained by the Company.   
 
Share capital 
The shares issued by the Company at the time of registration consist only of ordinary shares and have 
been classified as share capital under equity. 
 
Foreign currencies 
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at 
the reporting date. All differences are taken to the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income. 
 
Events after the reporting date 
The financial statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the reporting date and the 
date when the financial statements are authorised for issue, provided they give evidence of conditions 
that existed at the reporting date. 
 
 
F-17

--- Page 232 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 14 - 
 
 
4.     RELATED PARTIES 
 
Related parties represent the Parent Company and key management personnel of the Company, and 
entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by such parties. Pricing policies and terms 
of these transactions are approved by the Company’s management. 
 
Transactions 
Transactions with the Parent Company included in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income are as follows: 
 
    2019 
    2018 
USD’000
 
USD’000
 
a) Finance income 
 
 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
205,531 
232,379 
 
The Parent Company 
 All expenses were paid by the Parent Company and subsequently recharged to the Company. 
 
    2019 
2018 
USD’000
 
USD’000 
b) Amounts due from Parent Company 
 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.  
54,587 
57,212 
 
Amounts due from Parent Company is unsecured. No guarantees have been given or received and no 
expense has been recognized in the current or prior years for bad or doubtful debts in respect of the 
amounts due from Parent Company. 
 
The Company has an interest bearing loan to Parent Company disclosed in Note 5. 
 
5.     INTEREST BEARING LOAN TO PARENT COMPANY 
  
 
 2019 
2018 
 
USD’000
 
USD’000 
  
 
 
Face value of loan 
4,250,000 
4,850,000 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(35,250) 
(41,656) 
 
4,214,750 
4,808,344 
 
Presented in the financial statements: 
 
 
 
 
Non-current portion 
4,214,750 
4,209,086 
Current portion 
- 
599,258 
 
4,214,750 
 
4,808,344 
 
 
 
 
F-18

--- Page 233 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 15 - 
 
 
5.     INTEREST BEARING LOAN TO PARENT COMPANY (CONTINUED) 
 
(i)    The details of the interest bearing borrowings as at 31 December are as follows: 
 
Sr. 
no. 
Facility outstanding amount (USD’000) as 
at 
Maturity 
 
Interest rate 
2019 
2018 
 
1 
- 
600,000 
June 2019 
7.88% 
2 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
February 2021 
4.75% 
3 
750,000 
750,000 
October 2025 
5.00% 
4 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
February 2023 
3.25% 
5 
500,000 
500,000 
January 2028 
3.88% 
6 
500,000 
500,000 
January 2043 
4.50% 
7 
500,000 
500,000 
June 2026 
3.75% 
Non-cash transactions 
a. 
The upstream of interest bearing loan amounting to USD 600,000 thousand (2018: USD Nil) to the 
Parent Company constitutes a non-cash transaction (Note 7). 
 
6.     SHARE CAPITAL 
 
The share capital of the Company consists of 100 ordinary shares of USD 1 each, all of which have been 
authorised, issued and fully paid up. The share capital of the Company amounts to USD 100 (2018: USD 
100) and has not moved since the incorporation of the Company. 
 
7.     INTEREST BEARING BORROWINGS 
 
 
 2019 
2018 
 
USD’000
 
USD’000 
  
 
 
Global Medium Term Note Programme (i) 
4,250,000 
 4,850,000 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(35,250) 
(41,656) 
 
4,214,750 
4,808,344 
 
Presented in the financial statements: 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current 
4,214,750 
4,209,086 
Current 
- 
599,258 
 
4,214,750 
 
4,808,344 
   
 
 
 
 
 
F-19

--- Page 234 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 16 - 
 
 
7.     INTEREST BEARING BORROWINGS (CONTINUED) 
 
(i)    The details of the interest bearing borrowings under Global Medium Term Note Programme as at 
31 December is as follows: 
 
Seria
l no. 
Facility outstanding 
amount (USD’000) as 
at 
Maturity 
Intere
st rate 
Facility details 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
1 
- 
600,000 
June 2019 
7.88% 
USD 5.0 billion Global Medium Term Note 
Programme (“Notes”) listed on London Stock 
Exchange.  
First tranche covering Loan 1 amounting to 
USD 1,500 million issued in June 2009. 
Subsequently, USD 900 million was repaid 
upon its maturity in June 2014. 
2 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 February 2021 
4.75% The second tranche covering Loans 2, 3 and 4 
amounting to USD 2.75 billion was issued on 
October 2010.  During 2016, USD 1 billion 
was repaid upon reaching maturity. 
3 
750,000 
750,000 
October 2025 
5.00% 
4 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 February 2023 
3.25% 
USD 3.0 billion Global Medium Term Note 
Programme (“Notes”) listed on Irish Stock 
Exchange.  
First tranche under this programme Loan 5 
amounting to USD 1.0 billion was issued in 
December 2012. 
5 
500,000 
500,000 
January 2028 
3.88% A further dual tranche issuance was made in 
January 2013 covering Loan 6 and 7 of USD 
500 million each.  
6 
500,000 
500,000 
January 2043 
4.50% 
7 
500,000 
500,000 
June 2026 
3.75% A third tranche covering Loan 8 amounting to 
USD 500 million was issued in June 2016. 
Non-cash transactions 
a. 
The upstream of interest bearing loan amounting to USD 600,000 thousand (2018: USD Nil) to the 
Parent Company constitutes a non-cash transaction (Note 5). 
 
8.     FINANCE COSTS 
 
 
 2019 
2018 
 
USD’000
 
USD’000 
  
 
 
Interest expenses 
199,125 
225,375 
Amortised finance costs 
6,406 
7,004 
 
205,531 
232,379 
 
 
 
 
F-20

--- Page 235 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 17 - 
 
 
9. 
GENERAL ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
 
 
Legal and professional fees 
14 
- 
Other general and administrative expenses 
2 
- 
 
16 
- 
10.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
Objective and policies 
The Company’s principal financial liability comprises of interest bearing borrowings. The main purpose of 
this financial liability is to raise financing support for the Company’s operations. The Company has financial 
assets relating to amounts due from Parent Company and interest bearing loan to Parent Company, which 
arise directly from its operations.  
The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are market risk, credit risk and liquidity 
risk. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks which are 
summarized below. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange 
rates will affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective 
of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk exposure within acceptable parameters, 
while optimizing return. 
Interest rate risk  
The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s 
financial assets and liabilities with floating interest rates. Interest rate risk is the risk that the future cash flow 
of a variable interest rate bearing financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates. 
The interest bearing borrowings obtained by the Company are subject to only fixed interest rate, therefore 
the exposure is minimal. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause 
the other party to incur a financial loss. The Company’s exposure to credit risk is as indicated by the carrying 
amount of its assets which consist of amounts due from Parent Company and interest bearing loans to Parent 
Company. 
The Company’s maximum exposure with regard to the amounts due from Parent Company and interest 
bearing loans to Parent Company at the reporting date was USD  4,304,587 thousand (2018: USD 4,907,212 
thousand). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-21

--- Page 236 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 18 - 
 
 
10. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Credit risk (continued) 
 
The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the Company’s financial assets at 31 December: 
 
 
 
Less than 1 year 
 More than 1 year 
 
Total 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts due from Parent Company 
54,587 
 
- 
 
54,587 
Interest bearing loans to Parent Company 
- 
 
4,250,000 
 
4,250,000 
 
54,587 
 
4,250,000 
 
4,304,587 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts due from Parent Company 
57,212 
 
- 
 
57,212 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company 
600,000 
 
4,250,000 
 
4,850,000 
 
657,212 
 
4,250,000 
 
4,907,212 
Credit risk grades  
 
Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of 
default. These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. Exposures 
are subject to on-going monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit risk 
grade.  
 
The table below detail the credit quality of the Company’s financial assets, as well as the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades: 
 
31 December 2019 
Note 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month or lifetime 
ECL? 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net 
carrying 
amount  
 
 
 
 
 
USD ‘000 
USD ‘000 USD ‘000 
Amounts due from 
Parent Company 
(i) 
N/A 
(i) 
Lifetime ECL (simplified 
approach) 
54,587 
- 
54,587 
Interest bearing 
loans to Parent 
Company 
(i) 
N/A 
(i) 
Lifetime ECL (simplified 
approach) 
4,250,000 
- 4,250,000 
 
31 December 2018 
Note 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month or lifetime 
ECL? 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net 
carrying 
amount  
 
 
 
 
 
USD ‘000 
USD ‘000 USD ‘000 
Amounts due from 
Parent Company 
(i) 
N/A 
(i) 
Lifetime ECL (simplified 
approach) 
57,212 
- 
57,212 
Interest bearing 
loans to Parent 
Company 
(i) 
N/A 
(i) 
Lifetime ECL (simplified 
approach) 
4,850,000 
- 4,850,000 
 
 
 
F-22

--- Page 237 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 19 - 
 
 
10. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Credit risk (continued) 
 
(i) 
For amounts due from Parent Company and Interest bearing loans to Parent Company, the Company 
has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The 
Company determines the expected credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, 
estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past due status of the debtors, 
adjusted as appropriate to reflect current conditions and estimates of future economic conditions. 
Accordingly, the credit risk profile of these assets is presented based on their past due status in 
terms of the provision matrix. 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. The 
Company’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have 
sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without 
incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation. 
 
The Company limits its liquidity risk by ensuring shareholder funding is available.  
 
 
The following tables detail the Company's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial 
liabilities with agreed repayment periods. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual 
undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of 
discounting is not significant. 
 
At 31 
December 
2019 
Weighted 
average 
effective 
interest rate 
 
Less than 
1 year 
 
Between 
1 and 5 years 
 
Over 5 years 
 
Total 
 
% 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
Interest 
bearing 
borrowings 
4.65 
- 
 
2,000,000 
 
2,250,000 
 
4,250,000 
Interest 
payable 
 
178,125 
 
497,500 
 
549,688 
 
1,225,313 
 
 
178,125 
 
2,497,500 
 
2,799,688 
 
5,475,313 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 
December 
2018 
Weighted 
average 
effective 
interest rate 
 
Less than 
1 year 
 
Between 
1 and 5 years 
 
Over 5 years 
 
Total 
 
% 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
Interest 
bearing 
borrowings 
4.65 
600,000 
 
2,000,000 
 
2,250,000 
 
4,850,000 
Interest 
payable 
 
201,750 
 
577,500 
 
647,813 
 
1,427,063 
 
 
801,750 
 
2,577,500 
 
2,897,813 
 
6,277,063 
 
 
F-23

--- Page 238 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 20 - 
 
 
11. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The accounting convention under which 
the financial statements have been prepared is disclosed in Note 2, i.e. historical cost convention. The 
carrying value of the Company’s financial instruments as recorded could therefore be different from the fair 
value. 
 
Financial instruments comprise of financial assets and financial liabilities. Financial assets consist of 
amounts due from Parent Company and interest bearing loan to Parent Company. Financial liabilities 
consist of interest bearing borrowings and interest payable. 
 
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values. 
 
•   
Amounts due from Parent Company and interest payable approximate their carrying amounts largely 
due to their short-term maturity. 
 
•   
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company is evaluated by the Company based on parameters such as 
interest rates, specific country risk factors, and individual creditworthiness of the Parent Company 
and the risk characteristics of the financing made. 
 
• 
The fair value of interest bearing loan to Parent Company and interest bearing borrowings is 
estimated by discounting future cash flows using rates applicable for similar risks and maturity 
profiles. 
The Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial 
instruments by valuation technique. 
 
Level 1: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group 
can access at the measurement date 
Level 2: 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets of 
liability, either directly or indirectly 
Level 3: 
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability 
The following table shows an analysis of financial instruments recorded at fair value by level of the fair 
value hierarchy: 
Financial assets 
 
2019 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company 
4,537,500  
4,537,500  
- 
 
- 
 
 
2018 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company 
4,831,830  
4,831,830  
- 
 
- 
 
 
 
F-24

--- Page 239 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 21 - 
 
 
11. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Fair value hierarchy (continued) 
 
Financial liabilities  
 
2019 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
4,537,500 
 
4,537,500 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 
2018 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
4,831,830  
4,831,830  
- 
 
- 
 
There are no transfers among level 1, 2, and 3 as at 31 December 2018. 
 
12. CRITICAL JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY 
 
The preparation of the financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and 
disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause the 
assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are 
reflected in the financial statements as they become reasonably determinable. 
 
Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other 
factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
 
Judgements 
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management has made the following 
judgments, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts 
recognized in the financial statements: 
 
Business model assessment  
 
Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI and the business 
model test. The Company determines the business model at a level that reflects how Company’s financial 
assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective. This assessment includes 
judgement reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the assets is evaluated and 
their performance measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and how these are managed 
and how the managers of the assets are compensated. The Company monitors financial assets measured 
at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income that are derecognised prior to their 
maturity to understand the reason for their disposal and whether the reasons are consistent with the 
objective of the business for which the asset was held. Monitoring is part of the Company’s continuous 
assessment of whether the business model for which the remaining financial assets are held continues to 
be appropriate and if it is not appropriate whether there has been a change in business model and so a 
prospective change to the classification of those assets. 
 
 
F-25

--- Page 240 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 22 - 
 
 
12. CRITICAL JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY 
(CONTINUED) 
 
Derecognition of financial assets 
 
The Company’s management applies judgment to derecognise a financial asset when situations may arise 
where an asset is considered unlikely to result in an inflow of economic resources. This is determined 
when the right to receive cash flows from the asset specified in the contract or otherwise is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. 
 
Going concern 
The Company’s management has made an assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern and is satisfied that the Company has the resources to continue in business for the foreseeable 
future. Furthermore, the management is not aware of any material uncertainties that may cast significant 
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the financial statements are 
prepared on a going concern basis. 
 
Estimates 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting 
date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below. 
 
Significant increase in credit risk  
As explained in note 3, ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets, or 
lifetime ECL assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has 
increased significantly since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant 
increase in credit risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the 
Company takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking 
information. 
 
Calculation of loss allowance  
Probability of default constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. Probability of default is an estimate of 
the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, 
assumptions and expectations of future conditions.  
When measuring ECL the Company uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which 
is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will 
affect each other.  
Loss given default is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the 
contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash 
flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. 
 
Fair value measurement  
Some of the Company’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. 
In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses market-observable data to the 
extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Company engages qualified external 
valuers to perform the valuation. The management/valuation committee if any works closely with the 
qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. 
Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets 
and liabilities are disclosed in respective notes. 
 
 
F-26

--- Page 241 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 23 - 
 
 
12. CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY 
(CONTINUED) 
 
Estimates (continued) 
 
Impairment of amounts due from Parent Company and interest bearing loan to Parent Company  
 
An estimate of the collectible amounts due from Parent Company and interest bearing loan to Parent 
Company is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. For individually significant 
amounts, this estimation is performed on an individual basis. Amounts which are not individually 
significant, but which are past due, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the length 
of time past due, based on historical recovery rates. 
 
Provision and contingent liabilities 
 
The Company’s management determines provisions based on the best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle a present obligation arising from a past event at the reporting date.  
 
The Company’s management measures contingent liabilities as a possible obligation depending on 
whether some uncertain future event occurs or a present obligation for which payment is not probable or 
the amount cannot be measured reliably. 
 
13. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
The table below details changes in the Company’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both 
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are for which cash flows were, or future 
cash flows will be, classified in the Company’s statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities. 
 
 
1 January 2019 
 
Financing 
cash flows (i) 
 
Non-cash 
changes (ii) 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholder’s contribution 
- 
 
14 
 
- 
 
14 
Interest bearing 
borrowings (Note 7) 
4,808,344 
 
(799,125) 
 
205,531 
 
4,214,750 
 
 
1 January 2018 
 
Financing 
cash flows (i) 
 
Non-cash 
changes (ii) 
 
31 December 
2018 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing 
borrowings (Note 7) 
4,801,340 
 
(225,375) 
 
232,379 
 
4,808,344 
 
(i) The cash flows from financing activities, in the statement of cash flows, pertain to the finance cost paid 
and repayments made during the year; 
 
(ii) The non-cash changes pertain to the accrual of finance cost during the year.  
 
 
F-27

--- Page 242 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
- 24 - 
 
 
14. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING DATE 
 
The existence of Novel Coronavirus (Covid-19) was confirmed in January 2020 in mainland China and 
has subsequently spread to many other countries around the world, with a consequential negative impact 
on economic activity. The outcome and impact of this non-adjusting event on the Company cannot be 
reasonably quantified at the date of issuance of these financial statements. The impact of this outbreak on 
the Company’s operations and financial statements will be evaluated further in 2020. 
 
F-28

--- Page 243 ---
F-29

--- Page 244 ---
F-30

--- Page 245 ---
F-31

--- Page 246 ---
F-32

--- Page 247 ---
F-33

--- Page 248 ---
F-34

--- Page 249 ---
F-35

--- Page 250 ---
F-36

--- Page 251 ---
F-37

--- Page 252 ---
F-38

--- Page 253 ---
F-39

--- Page 254 ---
F-40

--- Page 255 ---
F-41

--- Page 256 ---
F-42

--- Page 257 ---
F-43

--- Page 258 ---
F-44

--- Page 259 ---
F-45

--- Page 260 ---
F-46

--- Page 261 ---
F-47

--- Page 262 ---
F-48

--- Page 263 ---
F-49

--- Page 264 ---
F-50

--- Page 265 ---
F-51

--- Page 266 ---
F-52

--- Page 267 ---
F-53

--- Page 268 ---
F-54

--- Page 269 ---
F-55

--- Page 270 ---
F-56

--- Page 271 ---
F-57

--- Page 272 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
DOHA - QATAR 
  
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT  
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
31 DECEMBER 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-58

--- Page 273 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page (s) 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                 -  
 
Consolidated financial statements  
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss  
   1 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
     2 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
           3 - 4 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
5 - 6 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
7 - 8 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
9 - 99
F-59

--- Page 274 ---
F-60

--- Page 275 ---
F-61

--- Page 276 ---
F-62

--- Page 277 ---
F-63

--- Page 278 ---
F-64

--- Page 279 ---
F-65

--- Page 280 ---
F-66

--- Page 281 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
The accompanying notes 1 to 48 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
2 
 
 
Note 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
 
 
1,421,930    
2,224,012 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income  
 
 
 
 
 
Items that may be reclassified  subsequently to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges 
26 
 
 (5,584)  
(4,446) 
Share of other comprehensive loss of associates and joint 
ventures 
26 
 
 
 (15,757)  
(27,211) 
Foreign currency translation differences  
26 
 
 (863,769)  
572,849 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or 
loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Net changes in fair value on investments in equity instruments 
designated as at FVTOCI 
26 
 
 
 (67,953)  
(12,616) 
Net changes in fair value of employees’ benefits reserve 
26 
 
  (29,956)  
(3,658) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income – net of tax 
 
 
(983,019)  
524,918 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
 
438,911    
2,748,930 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent 
 
 
   464,681    
2,169,270 
Non-controlling interests 
 
 
  (25,770)  
579,660 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
438,911    
2,748,930 
 
 
 
F-67

--- Page 282 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
The accompanying notes 1 to 48 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
 
3
 
Note 
 
 
2020 
 
 
2019 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
12 
 
  26,120,103  
 
 27,045,039  
Intangible assets and goodwill 
13 
 
   26,454,938   
 
 26,319,887  
Right-of-use assets 
14 
 
  6,710,353   
 
 6,033,848  
Investment property 
15 
 
 46,581  
 
 58,007  
Investment in associates and joint ventures 
16 
 
 1,695,507  
 
 1,971,912  
Financial assets – equity instruments 
17 
 
 789,007  
 
 904,440  
Other non-current assets 
18 
 
740,343  
 
 732,243  
Deferred tax assets 
19 
 
643,104  
 
 658,851  
Contract costs and assets 
20 
 
188,830  
 
 194,971  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total non-current assets 
 
 
63,388,766  
 
 63,919,198  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Inventories 
21 
 
 397,802  
 
557,305 
Contract costs and assets 
20 
 
  367,209   
 
345,919 
Trade and other receivables 
22 
 
   7,612,862   
 
8,360,840 
Bank balances and cash 
23 
 
 15,678,488  
 
14,716,148 
 
 
 
   24,056,361   
 
23,980,212 
Assets held for sale 
 
 
 291,934  
 
82,212 
Total current assets 
 
 
24,348,295   
 
24,062,424 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 
87,737,061   
 
87,981,622 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
24 
 
 3,203,200  
 
 3,203,200  
Legal reserve 
25 (a) 
 
 12,434,282  
 
 12,434,282  
Fair value reserve 
25 (b) 
 
 410,925  
 
 550,809  
Employees’ benefits reserve 
25 (c) 
 
(11,273) 
 
 5,975  
Translation reserve 
25 (d) 
 
 (7,869,693) 
(7,314,294) 
Other statutory reserves 
25 (e) 
 
  1,304,333  
 
 1,299,489  
Retained earnings 
 
 
   13,277,770   
 
 12,947,508  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
 
   22,749,544  
 
23,126,969 
Non-controlling interests 
 
 
  5,451,279  
 
5,978,017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL EQUITY  
 
 
28,200,823 
 
29,104,986 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-68

--- Page 283 ---
F-69

--- Page 284 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
The accompanying notes 1 to 48 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
5 
 
 
 
           
 Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
 
 
 
Share 
capital 
 
 
Legal 
reserve 
 
Fair value 
reserve 
 
Employees’
- benefits 
reserve 
 
 
Translation 
reserve 
 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
 
 
Retained 
earnings 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
 
 
Total 
equity 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 QR.’000  
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2020 
 
3,203,200  12,434,282  550,809   
5,975   (7,314,294)  1,299,489  12,947,508  23,126,969  
5,978,017   29,104,986 
Profit for the year 
 
 -  
 -  
 -   
 -  
 
 -  
 -    1,126,475   
1,126,475  
 295,455     1,421,930  
Other comprehensive loss 
 
 -  
 -   (89,147) 
 
(17,248) 
 
(555,399)  
 -  
 -  
(661,794)  
(321,225) 
 
(983,019) 
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year 
 
 -   
 -    (89,147)  
(17,248)  
(555,399)  
 -   
1,126,475   
464,681  
(25,770)  
438,911  
Realized gain on FVTOCI investment recycled 
to retained earnings 
 
 -   
 -    (50,737)  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 50,737   
 -   
 -   
 -  
Transactions with  shareholders of the parent, 
recognised directly in equity 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Dividend for 2019 (Note 34) 
  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (800,800)  
 (800,800)  
 -   
 (800,800) 
Transfer to other statutory reserves 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
4,844  
(4,844)  
-  
-  
- 
Transactions with non-controlling interest, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Change in associate’s non-controlling interest of 
its subsidiary 
 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 639   
 639   
-  
 639  
Dividend for 2019 
 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-  
 -   
 -   
 (500,667)  
 (500,667) 
Transactions with non-owners of the 
Group, recognised directly in equity 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Transfer to employee association fund  
 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (1,587)  
 (1,587)  
 (301)  
 (1,888) 
Transfer to social and sports fund 
 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
  (40,358)   
(40,358)  
 -   
(40,358)  
As at 31 December 2020 
3,203,200   12,434,282   
 410,925   
(11,273)   (7,869,693)   1,304,333   13,277,770   22,749,544   
5,451,279   28,200,823 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-70

--- Page 285 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
The accompanying notes 1 to 48 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
                                                                                                                     6 
 
 
 
         Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
 
 
 
Share 
capital 
 
 
Legal 
reserve 
 
Fair value 
reserve 
 
Employees’ 
benefits 
reserve 
 
 
Translation 
reserve 
 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
 
 
Retained 
earnings 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
 
 
Total 
equity 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 QR.’000  
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019  
 
3,203,200  12,434,282  
606,299 
 
22,031 
 (7,805,451)  1,252,304  12,496,038  22,208,703  
5,968,984 
 28,177,687 
Effect of change in accounting policy for: 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Initial application of IFRS 16  
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(416,503)  
(416,503)  
(10,827) 
 
(427,330) 
Adjusted balance as at 1 January 2019 
 
3,203,200  12,434,282  
606,299  
22,031  
(7,805,451)  1,252,304  
12,079,535  
21,792,200  
5,958,157  
27,750,357
Profit for the year 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
1,724,826  
1,724,826  
499,186   
2,224,012 
Other comprehensive income (loss)  
 
-  
-  
(43,634) 
 
(3,079) 
 
491,157  
-  
-  
444,444  
80,474 
 
524,918 
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year 
 
-  
-  
(43,634)   
(3,079) 
 
491,157  
-  
1,724,826  
2,169,270  
579,660   
2,748,930 
Realized gain on FVTOCI investment recycled 
to retained earnings 
 
-  
-  
(11,856) 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
11,856  
-  
- 
 
- 
Employee benefits reserve recycled to retained 
earnings  
 
-  
-  
 
 
(12,977) 
 
-  
-  
12,977  
-  
- 
 
- 
Transactions with shareholders of the parent, 
recognised directly in equity 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Dividend for 2018 (Note 34) 
  
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(800,800)  
(800,800)  
- 
 
(800,800) 
Transfer to other statutory reserves 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
47,185  
(47,185)  
-  
- 
 
- 
Transactions with non-controlling interest, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Change in subsidiary’s non-controlling interest 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(317)  
(317)  
(491) 
 
(808) 
Change in associate’s non-controlling interest of 
its subsidiary 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
8,831  
8,831  
- 
 
8,831 
Dividend for 2018 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
(559,022) 
 
(559,022) 
Transactions with non-owners of the 
Group, recognised directly in equity 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Transfer to employee association fund 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(1,515)  
(1,515)  
(287) 
 
(1,802) 
Transfer to social and sports fund 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(40,700)  
(40,700)  
- 
 
(40,700) 
As at 31 December 2019 
3,203,200  12,434,282  
550,809   
5,975  (7,314,294)  1,299,489  12,947,508  23,126,969  
5,978,017   29,104,986 
F-71

--- Page 286 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
The accompanying notes 1 to 48 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
                                                                          
 
7
 
 
Note 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax 
  
1,625,029  
 
2,646,103 
Adjustments for: 
  
 
 
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
        7 
 
8,245,460 
 
8,587,649 
Dividend income 
   9 
 
(68,501)  
 
(8,003) 
Impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets and  
other assets  
12, 13, 16, 
 23 
 
448,535  
 
345,767 
Gain on disposal of investments at FVTPL 
 
 
26 
 
109 
Changes in fair value of investments at FVTPL  
 
 
(10,733)  
18,640 
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
 
 
(142,789)  
(89,880) 
Gain on disposal of an investment in associate 
 
 
(21,407)  
- 
Net finance costs 
8 
 
1,895,576 
 
2,087,666 
Provision for employees’ benefits 
29 
 
135,380 
 
151,363 
Allowance for impairment of trade receivables 
      6    
 
308,354 
 
231,337 
Share of results in associates and joint ventures – net of tax          16 
 
(35,276) 
 
(57,072) 
 
Operating profit before working capital changes 
 
 
12,379,654 
 
13,913,679 
 
 
 
 
 
Working capital changes: 
 
 
 
 
 
Changes in inventories 
 
 
159,503 
 
85,756 
Changes in trade and other receivables 
 
 
440,087  
 
 (217,209)  
Changes in contract costs and assets 
 
 
(15,149) 
 
 (77,014) 
Changes in trade and other payables 
 
 
901,939 
 
887,622 
Changes in contract liabilities 
 
 
71,454 
 
 (30,004) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash from operations 
 
 
13,937,488  
 
14,562,830 
Finance costs paid 
 
 
(1,961,274) 
 
(2,126,334) 
Employees’ benefits paid 
29 
 
(161,355) 
 
(170,382) 
Income tax paid 
 
 
(704,088) 
 
(506,014) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities 
 
 
11,110,771 
 
11,760,100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-72

--- Page 287 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
The accompanying notes 1 to 48 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
8 
 
Note 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
INVESTING ACTIVITIES  
 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
12 
 
(5,626,943) 
 
(5,657,301) 
Acquisition of intangible assets 
13 
 
(562,173)  
 
(478,536) 
Additional investments in associates 
 
 
(2,686) 
 
(16,272) 
Additional investment in financial assets – equity instruments 
 
 
(8,011) 
 
(6,555) 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 
 
 
343,939 
 
167,898 
Proceeds from disposal of investments at FVTPL 
 
 
65,817 
 
21,344 
Proceeds from disposal of an investment in associate 
 
 
79,872 
 
- 
Movement in restricted deposits 
 
 
(75,666) 
 
(68,777) 
Movement in short-term deposits 
 
 
76,511 
 
(110,330) 
Movement in other non-current assets 
 
 
(14,452) 
 
(174,152) 
Dividend received  
 
 
132,687 
 
119,387 
Interest received 
 
 
253,360 
 
316,427 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 
(5,337,745)  
 
(5,886,867) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCING ACTIVITIES (i) 
 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition of non-controlling interest 
 
 
- 
 
(808) 
Proceeds from loans and borrowings 
 
          8,244,131   
10,141,788 
Repayments of loans and borrowings 
 
       (9,205,411) 
 
(16,664,562) 
Principal element of lease payments  
32 
 
(1,280,481) 
 
(1,265,585) 
Additions to deferred financing costs 
28 
 
(3,614) 
 
(30,028) 
Dividend paid to shareholders of the parent 
34 
 
(800,800) 
 
(800,800) 
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests 
 
 
(500,667) 
 
(559,022) 
Movement in other non-current liabilities 
 
 
(344,326)   
364,467 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash used in financing activities  
 
 
(3,891,168)  
(8,814,550) 
 
 
  
 
 
NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
 
1,881,858  
 
(2,941,317) 
 
 
  
 
 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations  
 
 
(626,256) 
 
(237,944) 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 
 
 
13,353,881 
 
16,533,142 
 
 
  
 
 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 
23 
 
14,609,483 
 
13,353,881 
(i) Refer to Note 23 for details of non-cash transactions. 
(ii) Refer to note 47 for the reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities.
F-73

--- Page 288 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
9 
 
1     REPORTING ENTITY  
 
Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation (the “Corporation”) was formed on 29 June 1987 domiciled in the 
State of Qatar by Law No. 13 of 1987 to provide domestic and international telecommunication services within the 
State of Qatar. The Company’s registered office is located at 100 Westbay Tower, Doha, State of Qatar. 
 
The Corporation was transformed into a Qatari Shareholding Company under the name of Qatar Telecom (Qtel) 
Q.S.C. (the “Company”) on 25 November 1998, pursuant to Law No. 21 of 1998.   
 
In June 2013, the legal name of the Company was changed to Ooredoo Q.S.C. This change had been duly approved 
by the shareholders at the Company’s extraordinary general assembly meeting held on 31 March 2013.  
 
The Company changed its legal name from Ooredoo Q.S.C. to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to comply with the provisions of 
the new Qatar Commercial Companies Law issued on 7 July 2015. 
 
The Company is a telecommunications service provider licensed by the Communications Regulatory Authority 
(“CRA”) (formerly known as Supreme Council of Information and Communication Technology (ictQATAR)) to 
provide both fixed and mobile telecommunications services in the state of Qatar.  As a licensed service provider, 
the conduct and activities of the Company are regulated by CRA pursuant to Law No. 34 of 2006 
(Telecommunications Law) and the Applicable Regulatory Framework.  
 
The Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) provide domestic and international 
telecommunication services in Qatar and elsewhere in the Asia and Middle East and North African (MENA) region. 
Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the immediate and ultimate Parent Company of the Group. 
 
In line with an amendment issued by Qatar Financial Markets Authority (“QFMA”), effective from May 2018, 
listed entities are required to comply with the Qatar Financial Markets Authority’s law and relevant legislations 
including Governance Code for Companies & Legal Entities Listed on the Main Market (the “Governance Code”). 
The Group has taken appropriate steps to comply with the requirements of the Governance Code.  
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 were authorised for issue 
in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Group on 14 February 2021. 
 
2    BASIS OF PREPARATION 
 
a) Statement of compliance 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRSs”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), applicable provisions 
of Qatar Commercial Companies Law and the Company’s Articles of Association.  
 
b) Basis of measurement 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for the following: 
• 
Equity instruments, classified as Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (“FVTOCI”) and Fair 
Value Through Profit and Loss (“FVPTL”), are measured at fair value; 
• 
Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value;  
• 
Liabilities for long term incentive points-based payments arrangements are measured at FVTPL; and 
• 
Asset held for sale are measured at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.  
 
Historical cost is based on the fair value of the consideration, which is given in exchange for goods and services. 
The methods used to measure fair values are discussed further in note 40. 
 
c) Functional and presentation currency 
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Qatari Riyals, which is the Company’s functional 
currency. All the financial information presented in these consolidated financial statements has been rounded off 
to the nearest thousand (QR.’000) except where otherwise indicated. 
 
 
 
F-74

--- Page 289 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
10 
 
 
2    BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED) 
 
d) Use of estimates and judgments 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make 
judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts 
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.  
 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. 
 
In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments in applying 
accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial 
statements is included in note 42. 
 
3    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and its subsidiaries. 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all the periods presented (except as 
mentioned otherwise) in these consolidated financial statements, and have been applied consistently by the Group 
entities, where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of the subsidiaries to bring their 
accounting policies in line with those used by the Group.  
 
3.1  GOING CONCERN 
 
The directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the 
Group have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus, they continue 
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements. 
 
3.2  BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION 
 
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled 
by the Company (including structured entities) and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company: 
- 
has power over the investee; 
- 
is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and 
- 
has the ability to use its power to affect returns. 
 
The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are 
changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. 
 
When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when 
the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee 
unilaterally. The Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the 
Company’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including: 
- 
the size of the Company’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other 
vote holders; 
- 
potential voting rights held by the company, other vote holders or other parties 
- 
rights arising from contractual arrangements; and 
- 
any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the company has or does not have the current ability 
to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous 
shareholders’ meetings. 
 
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the 
Company loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed 
of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income 
from the date the Company gains control until the date when the Company ceases to control the subsidiary. 
 
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and 
to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributable to the owners of the 
Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit 
balance. 
F-75

--- Page 290 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
11 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2    BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies 
into line with the Group’s accounting policies. 
All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between 
members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation. 
a) Business combinations and goodwill 
The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the 
Group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets 
acquired, and any amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually 
for impairment. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss 
immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities. 
The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such 
amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss. 
Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent 
consideration is classified as equity, then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. 
Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within scope of IFRS 9 
Financial instruments, is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated statement 
of profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of IFRS 9 
is measured at FV at each reporting date with changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss. 
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the 
amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any previous interest held, over the net identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration 
transferred, the Group reassess whether we correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities 
assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognized at the acquisition date. If the 
reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration 
transferred, then the gain is recognized in profit or loss. 
If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the 
combination occurs, the Group report in the consolidated financial statements provisional amounts for the items for 
which the accounting is incomplete. During the measurement period, which is no longer than one year from the 
acquisition date, the provisional amounts recognized at acquisition date are retrospectively adjusted to reflect new 
information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and, if known, would 
have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. During the measurement period, the 
Group also recognize additional assets or liabilities if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances 
that existed as of the acquisition date and, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of those assets and 
liabilities as of that date. 
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of 
impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of 
our cash-generating units, or CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other 
assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units. 
 
Where goodwill acquired in a business combination has yet to be allocated to identifiable CGUs because the initial 
accounting is incomplete, such provisional goodwill is not tested for impairment unless indicators of impairment 
exist and we can reliably allocate the carrying amount of goodwill to a CGU or group of CGUs that are expected 
to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU and part 
of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included 
in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill 
disposed of in this circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the disposed operation and the portion 
of the CGU retained. 
F-76

--- Page 291 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
12 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2    BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
b) Non-controlling interests (“NCI”) 
NCI are measured at their proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets at the acquisition date. 
Changes in the Group's interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity 
transactions. 
 
c) Subsidiaries 
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights 
to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its 
power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial 
statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases. 
d) Loss of control 
When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and 
any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control 
is lost. 
e)  Interests in associates and joint ventures 
Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control. 
Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but 
is not control or joint control over those policies. 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights 
to the net assets of the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, 
which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing 
control. 
 
Interests in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are recognised initially 
at cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements 
include the Group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures 
less any impairment in the value of individual investments. Losses of the associates and joint ventures in excess 
of the Group’s interest are not recognised unless the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations on their 
behalf. The carrying values of investments in associates and joint ventures are reviewed on a regular basis and if 
an impairment in the value has occurred, it is written off in the period in which those circumstances are identified. 
 
Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the fair values of the identifiable net assets of the 
associates and joint ventures at the date of acquisition is recognised as goodwill and included as part of the cost 
of investment. Any deficiency of the cost of acquisition below the Group’s share of the fair values of the 
identifiable net assets of the associates and joint ventures at the date of acquisition is credited to the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss in the year of acquisition. 
 
The Group’s share of associates’ and joint ventures’ results is based on the most recent financial statements or 
interim financial statements drawn up to the Group’s reporting date. For one of the Group’s joint ventures, the 
Group accounts for its share in the results, assets and liabilities of its joint venture, which is an investment entity 
and applies fair value measurement to its subsidiaries, using equity method of accounting.   
 
Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group (including its 
consolidated subsidiaries) and its associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements only to the extent of unrelated group’s interests in the associates or joint ventures. 
 
 
F-77

--- Page 292 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
13 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2    BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
f) Transactions eliminated on consolidation 
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group 
transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with associates and joint ventures are 
eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Group's interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are 
eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.  
 
The subsidiaries of the Group, incorporated in the consolidated financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. are as 
follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective shareholding 
percentage 
2020 
2019 
Ooredoo Investment Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo International Investments 
L.L.C 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Group L.L.C.  
Management service company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo South East Asia Holding S.P.C  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
West Bay Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Asian Investments Pte. Ltd.  
Investment company 
Singapore 
100% 
100% 
Al Dafna Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain  
100% 
100% 
Al Khor Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
IP Holdings Limited  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Tower Holding Co.  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
wi-tribe Asia Limited 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Asia Pte. Ltd.  
Investment company 
Singapore 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited  
Investment company 
Bermuda 
100% 
100% 
MENA Investcom S.P.C.   
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Omani Qatari Telecommunications 
Company S.A.O.G. (“Ooredoo Oman”) 
Telecommunication company 
Oman 
55.0% 
55.0% 
Starlink W.L.L. 
Telecommunication company 
Qatar 
72.5% 
72.5% 
National Mobile Telecommunications 
Company K.S.C.P (“Ooredoo Kuwait”)  
Telecommunication company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Wataniya International FZ – L.L.C. 
Investment company 
United Arab 
Emirates 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Al-Bahar United Company W.L.L. 
("Phono")    
Telecommunication company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Al Wataniya Gulf Telecommunications 
Holding Company S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Maldives PLC  
Telecommunication company 
Maldives 
83.3% 
83.3% 
WARF Telecom International Pvt. Ltd.  
Telecommunication company 
Maldives 
59.9% 
59.9% 
Wataniya Telecom Algerie S.P.A. 
(”Ooredoo Algeria”) 
Telecommunication company 
Algeria 
74.4% 
74.4% 
Ooredoo Consortium Ltd.  
Investment company 
Malta 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Duqm Data Centre SAOC (i) 
 
Telecommunication company 
 
Oman 
39.0% 
39.0% 
F-78

--- Page 293 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
14 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
f) Transactions eliminated on consolidation (continued)  
 
 
 
 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective shareholding 
percentage 
2020 
2019 
Ooredoo Tunisia Holdings Ltd. 
Investment company 
Malta 
92.1% 
 
92.1% 
 
Ooredoo Malta Holdings Ltd. 
Investment company 
Malta 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Tunisie S.A. 
Telecommunication company 
Tunisia 
84.1% 
84.1% 
Wataniya Palestine Mobile 
Telecommunications Public Shareholding 
Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”) (ii) 
Telecommunication company 
Palestine 
45.4% 
45.4% 
Raywood Inc. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Newood Inc. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Midya Telecom Company Limited 
(“Fanoos”) (iii) 
Telecommunication company 
Iraq 
49.0% 
49.0% 
Al-Rowad General Services Limited 
Investment company 
Iraq 
100% 
100% 
Asiacell Communications PJSC 
Telecommunication company 
Iraq 
64.1% 
64.1% 
wi-tribe Limited 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
86.1% 
86.1% 
Barzan Holding S.P.C. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Laffan Holding S.P.C. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Zekreet Holding S.P.C. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. 
Telecommunication company 
Myanmar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wokaer Holding S.P.C. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Al Wakrah Holding S.P.C. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Tamweel Ltd. 
Investment company 
Cayman 
Islands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo IP L.L.C. 
Management service company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Global Services L.L.C 
Management service company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Seyoula International Investments W.L.L 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Fast Telecommunications Company 
W.L.L. 
Telecommunication company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Fintech Limited 
Telecommunication company 
Myanmar 
100% 
100% 
OIH Investment L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wokaer East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Barzan East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Financial Services L.L.C 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wakra East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
OSEA Investment L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
PT. Indosat Tbk (“Indosat Ooredoo”) 
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
65.0% 
65.0% 
Indosat Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
Management service company 
Singapore 
65.0% 
65.0% 
PT Indosat  Mega Media 
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
64.9% 
64.9% 
PT Starone Mitra Telekomunikasi 
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
65.0% 
65.0% 
PT Aplikanusa  Lintasarta (iv) 
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
47.0% 
47.0% 
PT Lintas Media Danawa  (iv) 
Investment company 
Indonesia 
32.9% 
32.9% 
PT Interactive Vision Media 
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
64.9% 
64.9% 
PT Portal Bursa Digital (iv) 
Investment company 
Indonesia 
40.3% 
40.3% 
F-79

--- Page 294 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
15 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2    BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
(i) The Group has the power, indirectly through Omani Qatari Telecommunications Company S.A.O.G. 
(“Ooredoo Oman”) by virtue of Ooredoo Oman having more than 51% of the voting interest or control in 
this company, to which exposes the Group to variable return from its investment and gives ability to affect 
those returns through its power over them, hence, this company has been considered as a subsidiary of the 
Group. 
 
(ii) The Group holds 45.4% (2019: 45.4%) of Ooredoo Palestine and has established control over the entity as it 
can demonstrate power through its indirect ownership of National Mobile Telecommunications Company 
K.S.C.P. (“NMTC”) by virtue of NMTC having more than 51% of the voting interests in Wataniya Palestine 
Mobile Telecommunications Public Shareholding Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”). This exposes and 
establishes rights of the Group to variable returns and gives ability to affect those returns through its power 
over Ooredoo Palestine. Wataniya Palestine was rebranded to Ooredoo Palestine in 2018 (although the legal 
name remains Wataniya Palestine). 
 
(iii) The Group incorporated Raywood Inc (“Raywood”), a special purpose entity registered in Cayman Islands 
with 100% (2019: 100%) voting interest held by the Group to carry out investment activities in Iraq. Raywood 
acquired 49% voting interest of Midya Telecom Company Limited (“Fanoos”) in Iraq.  Although the Group 
holds less than a majority of the voting rights of Fanoos, the Group can still demonstrate its power by virtue of 
shareholders’ agreement entered into between Raywood and Fanoos, Iraq. This arrangement exposes the 
Group to variable returns and gives the ability to affect those returns over Fanoos.  
 
(iv) The Group has the power, indirectly through PT Indosat Tbk (“Indosat Ooredoo”) by virtue of Indosat Ooredoo 
having control over these companies. This exposes the Group to variable returns from their investment and 
gives ability to affect those returns through its power over them. Hence, these companies have been considered 
as subsidiaries of the Group. 
 
3.3   APPLICATION 
OF 
NEW 
AND 
REVISED 
INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) 
 
3.3.1 
New and amended IFRSs that are effective for the current year 
 
The following new and revised IFRSs, which became effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2020, have been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. 
Impact of the initial application of Interest Rate Benchmark Reform amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7. 
In September 2019, the IASB issued Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and 
IFRS 7). 
 
These amendments modify specific hedge accounting requirements to allow hedge accounting to continue for 
affected hedges during the period of uncertainty before the hedged items or hedging instruments affected by the 
current interest rate benchmarks are amended as a result of the on-going interest rate benchmark reforms. 
 
The amendments are relevant to the Group given that it applies hedge accounting to its benchmark interest rate 
exposures.  
 
The Group has floating rate debt, linked to USD LIBOR (bank loans), which it has partially cash flow hedged 
using floating to fixed interest rate swaps. The amendments permit continuation of hedge accounting even 
though there is uncertainty about the timing and amount of the hedged cash flows due to the interest rate 
benchmark reforms. The adoption has not had any material impact on the disclosures or on the amounts reported 
in these consolidated financial statements. 
 
The amendments also introduce new disclosure requirements to IFRS 7 for hedging relationships that are subject 
to the exceptions introduced by the amendments to IFRS 9. The new disclosure requirements are presented in 
note 39. 
 
The Group will continue to apply the amendments of IFRS 9 until the uncertainty on timing and impact to the 
underlying cash flows arising from the interest rate benchmark reforms ended.  
 
F-80

--- Page 295 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
16 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3.1 
New and amended IFRSs that are effective for the current year (continued) 
Impact of the initial application of Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions Amendment to IFRS 16 
In May 2020, the IASB issued Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendment to IFRS 16) that provides 
practical relief to lessees in accounting for rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of COVID-19, by 
introducing a practical expedient to IFRS 16. The practical expedient permits a lessee to elect not to assess 
whether a COVID- 19-related rent concession is a lease modification. A lessee that makes this election shall 
account for any change in lease payments resulting from the COVID-19-related rent concession the same way 
it would account for the change applying IFRS 16 if the change were not a lease modification. 
 
The practical expedient applies only to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of COVID-19 and 
only if all of the following conditions are met: 
a) The change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, 
or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change; 
b) Any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021 (a rent 
concession meets this condition if it results in reduced lease payments on or before 30 June 2021 and 
increased lease payments that extend beyond 30 June 2021); and 
c) There is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease. 
 
In the current financial year, the Group has applied the amendment to IFRS 16 (as issued by the IASB in May 
2020).  
 
Their adoption has not had any material impact on the disclosures or on the amounts reported in these 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
F-81

--- Page 296 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
17 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3 APPLICATION 
OF 
NEW 
AND 
REVISED 
INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3.2 
New and revised IFRSs applied with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements  
 
The following new and revised IFRSs, which became effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2020, have been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. The application of these revised IFRSs has not 
had any material impact on the amounts reported for the current and prior years but may affect the accounting for 
future transactions or arrangements. 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards 
1 January 2020 
The Group has adopted the amendments included in Amendments to References 
to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards for the first time in the current 
year. The amendments include consequential amendments to affected Standards 
so that they refer to the new Framework. Not all amendments, however, update 
those pronouncements with regard to references to and quotes from the Framework 
so that they refer to the revised Conceptual Framework. Some pronouncements are 
only updated to indicate which version of the Framework they are referencing to 
(the IASC Framework adopted by the IASB in 2001, the IASB Framework of 
2010, or the new revised Framework of 2018) or to indicate that definitions in the 
Standard have not been updated with the new definitions developed in the revised 
Conceptual Framework. 
 
The Standards which are amended are IFRS 2, IFRS 3, IFRS 6, IFRS 14, IAS 1, 
IAS 8, IAS 34, IAS 37, IAS 38, IFRIC 12, IFRIC 19, IFRIC 20, IFRIC 22, and 
SIC-32. 
 
Amendments to IFRS 3 Definition of a business 
 
1 January 2020 
The Group has adopted the amendments to IFRS 3 for the first time in the current 
year. The amendments clarify that while businesses usually have outputs, outputs 
are not required for an integrated set of activities and assets to qualify as a business. 
To be considered a business an acquired set of activities and assets must include, 
at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly 
contribute to the ability to create outputs. 
 
The amendments remove the assessment of whether market participants are 
capable of replacing any missing inputs or processes and continuing to produce 
outputs. The amendments also introduce additional guidance that helps to 
determine whether a substantive process has been acquired. 
 
The amendments introduce an optional concentration test that permits a simplified 
assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. 
Under the optional concentration test, the acquired set of activities and assets is 
not a business if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is 
concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar assets. The 
amendments are applied prospectively to all business combinations and asset 
acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2020. There is 
no business acquisition for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
 
 
F-82

--- Page 297 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
18 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3 APPLICATION 
OF 
NEW 
AND 
REVISED 
INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3.2 
New and revised IFRSs applied with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements 
(continued) 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 Definition of material 
1 January 2020 
The Group has adopted the amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 for the first time in the 
current year. The amendments make the definition of material in IAS 1 easier to 
understand and are not intended to alter the underlying concept of materiality in IFRS 
Standards. The concept of 'obscuring' material information with immaterial 
information has been included as part of the new definition. 
 
The threshold for materiality influencing users has been changed from 'could 
influence' to 'could reasonably be expected to influence'. The definition of material in 
IAS 8 has been replaced by a reference to the definition of material in IAS 1. In 
addition, the IASB amended other Standards and the Conceptual Framework that 
contain a definition of 'material' or refer to the term ‘material’ to ensure consistency. 
 
 
3.3.3 
New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
Amendments to IFRS 3 – Reference to the Conceptual Framework 
 
1 January 2022 
The amendments update IFRS 3 so that it refers to the 2018 Conceptual Framework 
instead of the 1989 Framework. They also add to IFRS 3 a requirement that, for 
obligations within the scope of IAS 37, an acquirer applies IAS 37 to determine 
whether at the acquisition date a present obligation exists as a result of past events. For 
a levy that would be within the scope of IFRIC 21 Levies, the acquirer applies IFRIC 
21 to determine whether the obligating event that gives rise to a liability to pay the 
levy has occurred by the acquisition date. 
 
Finally, the amendments add an explicit statement that an acquirer does not recognise 
contingent assets acquired in a business combination. 
 
The amendments are effective for business combinations for which the date of 
acquisition is on or after the beginning of the first annual period beginning on or 
after 1 January 2022. Early application is permitted if an entity also applies all other 
updated references (published together with the updated Conceptual Framework) 
at the same time or earlier. 
 
 
 
 
F-83

--- Page 298 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
19 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  APPLICATION 
OF 
NEW 
AND 
REVISED 
INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3.3  New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted (continued) 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
 
 
Amendments to IAS 16 – Property, Plant and Equipment—Proceeds before Intended 
Use 
 
1 January 2022 
The amendments prohibit deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and 
equipment any proceeds from selling items produced before that asset is available for 
use, i.e. proceeds while bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for 
it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Consequently, 
an entity recognises such sales proceeds and related costs in profit or loss. The entity 
measures the cost of those items in accordance with IAS 2 Inventories. 
 
The amendments also clarify the meaning of ‘testing whether an asset is functioning 
properly’. IAS 16 now specifies this as assessing whether the technical and physical 
performance of the asset is such that it is capable of being used in the production or 
supply of goods or services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes. 
 
If not presented separately in the statement of comprehensive income, the financial 
statements shall disclose the amounts of proceeds and cost included in profit or loss 
that relate to items produced that are not an output of the entity’s ordinary activities, 
and which line item(s) in the statement of comprehensive income include(s) such 
proceeds and cost. 
 
The amendments are applied retrospectively, but only to items of property, plant and 
equipment that are brought to the location and condition necessary for them to be 
capable of operating in the manner intended by management on or after the beginning 
of the earliest period presented in the financial statements in which the entity first 
applies the amendments. 
 
The entity shall recognise the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments 
as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings (or other component of 
equity, as appropriate) at the beginning of that earliest period presented. 
 
The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022, 
with early application permitted. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-84

--- Page 299 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
20 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  APPLICATION 
OF 
NEW 
AND 
REVISED 
INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3.3 
New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted (continued) 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020 Cycle Amendments to IFRS 1 
First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards, IFRS 9 
Financial Instruments, and IFRS 16 Leases  
 
The Annual Improvements include amendments to four Standards. 
 
1 January 2022 
IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
The amendment provides additional relief to a subsidiary which becomes a first-time 
adopter later than its parent in respect of accounting for cumulative translation 
differences. As a result of the amendment, a subsidiary that uses the exemption in 
IFRS 1:D16(a) can now also elect to measure cumulative translation differences for 
all foreign operations at the carrying amount that would be included in the parent’s 
consolidated financial statements, based on the parent’s date of transition to IFRS 
Standards, if no adjustments were made for consolidation procedures and for the 
effects of the business combination in which the parent acquired the subsidiary. A 
similar election is available to an associate or joint venture that uses the exemption in 
IFRS 1:D16(a).  
 
The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022, 
with early application permitted. 
 
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 
 
The amendment clarifies that in applying the ‘10 per cent’ test to assess whether to 
derecognise a financial liability, an entity includes only fees paid or received between 
the entity (the borrower) and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the 
entity or the lender on the other’s behalf. 
 
The amendment is applied prospectively to modifications and exchanges that occur 
on or after the date the entity first applies the amendment. 
 
The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022, 
with early application permitted. 
 
 
IFRS 16 Leases 
 
The amendment removes the illustration of the reimbursement of leasehold 
improvements. 
 
As the amendment to IFRS 16 only regards an illustrative example, no effective date 
is stated. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-85

--- Page 300 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
21 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  APPLICATION 
OF 
NEW 
AND 
REVISED 
INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3.3 
New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted (continued) 
 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
Amendments to IAS 37 – Onerous Contracts—Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 
 
 
1 January 2022 
The amendments specify that the ‘cost of fulfilling’ a contract comprises the ‘costs 
that relate directly to the contract’. Costs that relate directly to a contract consist of 
both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (examples would be direct labour 
or materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts 
(an example would be the allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, 
plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract). 
 
The amendments apply to contracts for which the en tity has not yet fulfilled all its 
obligations at the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first 
applies the amendments. Comparatives are not restated. Instead, the entity shall 
recognise the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments as an adjustment 
to the opening balance of retained earnings or other component of equity, as 
appropriate, at the date of initial application. 
 
The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022, 
with early application permitted. 
 
 
Amendments to IAS 1 – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 
 
1 January 2023 
The amendments to IAS 1 affect only the presentation of liabilities as current or 
non-current in the statement of financial position and not the amount or timing of 
recognition of any asset, liability, income or expenses, or the information 
disclosed about those items. 
 
The amendments clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-
current is based on rights that are in existence at the end of the reporting period, 
specify that classification is unaffected by expectations about whether an entity 
will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability, explain that rights are in 
existence if covenants are complied with at the end of the reporting period, and 
introduce a definition of ‘settlement’ to make clear that settlement refers to the 
transfer to the counterparty of cash, equity instruments, other assets or services. 
 
The amendments are applied retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2023, with early application permitted. 
 
 
 
1 January 2023 
 
 
 
F-86

--- Page 301 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
22 
 
3       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  APPLICATION 
OF 
NEW 
AND 
REVISED 
INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3.3 
New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted (continued) 
 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
 
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of Assets between an 
Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 
 
Effective date not yet to be 
set 
The amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 deal with situations where there is a sale 
or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. 
Specifically, the amendments state that gains or losses resulting from the loss of 
control of a subsidiary that does not contain a business in a transaction with an 
associate or a joint venture that is accounted for using the equity method, are 
recognised in the parent’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’ 
interests in that associate or joint venture. Similarly, gains and losses resulting from 
the remeasurement of investments retained in any former subsidiary (that has 
become an associate or a joint venture that is accounted for using the equity 
method) to fair value are recognised in the former parent’s profit or loss only to the 
extent of the unrelated investors’ interests in the new associate or joint venture. 
 
The effective date of the amendments has yet to be set by the Board; however, 
earlier application of the amendments is permitted. The directors of the Company 
anticipate that the application of these amendments may have an impact on the 
Group's consolidated financial statements in future periods should such 
transactions arise. 
 
 
Management anticipates that these new standards, interpretations and amendments will be adopted in the 
Group’s consolidated financial statements as and when they are applicable and adoption of these new standards, 
interpretations and amendments, may have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the 
Group in the period of initial application. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-87

--- Page 302 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
23 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Revenue 
 
Revenue is measured at an amount that reflects the considerations, to which an entity expects to be entitled in 
exchange for transferring goods or services to customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. 
Revenue is adjusted for expected discounts and volume discounts, which are estimated based on the historical 
data or forecast and projections. The Group recognizes revenue when it transfers control over goods or services 
to its customers. 
 
Revenue from telecommunication services mainly consists of access charges, airtime usage, messaging, 
interconnect fees, data and connectivity services, connection fees and other related services. Services are offered 
separately or as bundled packages along with other services and/ or devices. 
 
For bundle packages, the Group accounts for individual products and services separately if they are distinct i.e. 
if a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can 
benefit from it. The consideration is allocated between separate product and services (i.e. distinct performance 
obligations, “PO”) in a bundle based on their stand-alone selling prices.  
 
The stand-alone selling prices are determined based on the observable price at which the Group sells the products 
and services on a standalone basis. For items that are not sold separately (e.g. customer loyalty program) the 
Group estimates standalone selling prices using other methods (i.e. adjusted market assessment approach, cost 
plus margin approach or residual approach). 
 
The Group principally obtains revenue from following key segments: 
 
1. Mobile services 
Mobile service contracts typically consist of specific allowances for airtime usage, messaging and data, and 
connection fees. In this type of arrangement, the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as 
the Group performs the service. Thus, the revenue is recognized over the period as and when these services are 
provided. 
 
2. Fixed services 
The Group offers fixed services which normally include installation and configuration services, internet 
connectivity, television and telephony services. These services are bundled with locked or unlocked equipment, 
such as router and/ or set-top box. Similar to mobile service contracts, fixed service revenue with locked 
equipment are recognized over the contract period, whereas revenue recognition for unlocked equipment is upon 
transfer of control to the customer. 
 
3. Sale of unlocked devices 
Devices such as smart phones, tablets, Mi-Fis that are sold separately and are not bundled with mobile/ fixed 
service contracts have standalone value to the customer and are unlocked devices. The revenue from sale of 
unlocked devices is recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. 
 
4. Interconnection service 
Revenue from the interconnection of voice and data traffic with other telecommunications operators is 
recognised at the time of transit across our network. 
 
Revenue from transit services  
The Group determines whether it will be acting as principal or an agent on these types of arrangements and 
accordingly recognises gross revenue if it is a principal, and net revenue if it is an agent. 
 
 
F-88

--- Page 303 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
24 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Revenue (continued) 
 
Customer loyalty schemes  
The Group has concluded that it is acting as an agent on customer loyalty scheme arrangements which are 
redeemed through its partners hence revenue is accounted on net basis.   
 
The Group concluded that the loyalty scheme gives rise to a separate performance obligation because it generally 
provides a material right to the customer.  The Group allocates a portion of the transaction price to the loyalty 
scheme liability based on the relative standard standalone selling price of loyalty points and a contract liability is 
recognised until the points are redeemed or expired. 
 
Value-added services 
The Group has offerings where it provides customers with additional content, such as music and video streaming 
and SMS services, as Value-Added Services (VAS). On this type of services, the Group determines whether they 
are acting as a principal and accordingly recognizes gross revenue if it is a principal, and net revenue if it is an 
agent. 
 
Connection fees  
The Group has concluded that connection fees charged for the activation of services will be recognized over the 
contract period. The connection fees that is not considered as a distinct performance obligation shall form part of 
the transaction price and recognised over the period of service. 
 
Multi elements arrangements (Mobile contract plus handset)  
The Group has concluded that in case of multiple elements arrangements with subsidized products delivered in 
advance, the component delivered in advance (e.g. mobile handset), will require recognition of a contract asset.  
Contract asset primary relates to the Group’s right on consideration for services and goods provided but not billed 
at the reporting date. 
 
Installation cost, commissions to third party dealers, marketing expenses  
The Group has concluded that commissions and installation costs meet the definition of incremental costs to 
acquire a contract or a costs to fulfil a contract. The Group has capitalized these expenses as contract cost assets 
and amortized as per portfolio approach. Recognized contract assets will be subject to impairment assessment 
under IFRS 9 requirements. 
 
Upfront commission 
The Group has concluded that the sale of prepaid cards to dealers or distributors where the Group retains its 
control over the prepaid cards is assessed as a consignment arrangement. Thus, the Group shall not recognize 
revenue upon sale to dealers or distributors but upon utilisation or expiration of prepaid cards. Consequently, the 
commission arising from the sale of prepaid card is recognized as an expense. 
 
In cases where the Group transfers its control over the prepaid cards to dealers, distributors or customers, the 
Group has concluded that the upfront commission qualifies as a consideration payable to a customer and therefore 
will be treated as a reduction of the transaction price. Similarly, the Group shall recognise revenue only upon 
utilization or expiration of prepaid cards. 
 
Commission income 
When the Group acts in the capacity of an agent rather than as the principal in the transaction, the revenue 
recognised is the net amount of commission made by the Group. 
 
 
F-89

--- Page 304 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
25 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Revenue (continued)  
 
Ancillary service income 
Revenue from ancillary services is recognised when these services are provided. 
 
Significant financing component  
The Group has decided to recognize interest expense at appropriate annual interest rate over the contract period 
and total transaction price including financing component is recognized when equipment is delivered to 
customer.  
 
Contract assets and liabilities  
The Group has determined that contract assets and liabilities are to be recognised at the performance obligation 
level and not at the contract level and both contract assets and liabilities are to be presented separately in the 
consolidated financial statements. The Group classifies its contract assets and liabilities as current and non-
current based on the timing and pattern of flow of economic benefits.  
 
Discounts and promotions 
The Group provides various discounts and promotions to its customers, which may be agreed at inception or 
provided during the contract term. The impact and accounting of these discounts and promotions vary and may 
result in recognition of contract asset. 
 
Leases 
A. Definition of leases 
The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether: 
a. 
The contract involves the use of an identified asset – this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and 
should be physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If 
the supplier has a substantive substitution right, then the asset is not identified; 
b. The Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout 
the period of use; and 
c. 
The Group has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Group has the right when it has the decision-
making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In rare cases 
where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the Group has the 
right to direct the use of the asset if either: 
(i) 
The Group has the right to operate the asset; or 
(ii) The Group designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it will be used. 
 
 
F-90

--- Page 305 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
26 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Leases (continued) 
 
B. As a lessee  
The Group leases several assets including sites, office buildings, shops, vehicles and others. The average lease 
term is 2 to 20 years. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants but leased assets may not be used as 
security for borrowing purposes. 
The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use 
asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs 
to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, 
less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line 
method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end 
of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of 
property and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, 
and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. 
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily 
determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate over a period of lease term. Generally, the Group uses its 
incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. 
The lease term determined by the Group comprises non-cancellable period of lease contracts, periods covered by 
an option to extend the lease if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option and periods covered by an 
option to terminate the lease if the Group is reasonably certain not to exercise that option.  
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following: 
a. 
Fixed payments; and 
b. Lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension 
option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate 
early. 
The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there 
is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s 
estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its 
assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. 
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of 
the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been 
reduced to zero. 
The Group presents right-of-use assets, which do not meet the definition of investment property, separately from 
other assets and also separately presents lease liabilities, in the consolidated statement of financial position. The 
Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases of all class of 
underlying assets that have a lease term of 12 months or less, or those leases which have low-value underlying 
assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term. 
The Group has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components and instead accounts for 
each lease component and associated non-lease components as a single lease component. 
 
 
F-91

--- Page 306 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
27 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Leases (continued) 
 
C. As a lessor  
The Group performs an assessment of each lease on inception. If a lease transfers substantially all of the risks 
and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, it is classified as a finance lease, otherwise, it is 
classified as an operating lease. The Group also considers certain indicators, such as whether the lease is for the 
major part of the economic life of the asset, as a part of its assessment. 
The operating leases entered in to by the Group mainly relate to tower sharing arrangements, which have a lease 
term of 2 to 15 years. The lessee does not have an option to purchase the asset at the expiry of the lease period, 
and the unguaranteed residual values do not represent a significant risk for the Group.  
The Group has also entered in finance lease arrangements for optical fiber agreements, which have a lease term 
of 15 to 20 years. 
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease 
separately. The lease classification of a sub-lease is assessed with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from 
the head lease, and not with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the 
Group applies the claimed exemption, the sub-lease is classified as an operating lease. 
When an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue from 
Contracts with Customers to allocate the consideration in the contract. The Group recognises lease payments 
received under operating leases as income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, on a straight line basis 
over the lease term. 
 
Other income - net 
Other income represents income generated by the Group that arises from activities outside of the provision for 
communication services and equipment sales. Key components of other income are recognised as follows: 
 
Fair value gains 
Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, gains on the remeasurement to fair value 
of any pre-existing interest in an acquire in a business combination and gains on hedging instruments that are 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Dividend income 
Dividend income is recognised when the Group’s right to receive the dividend is established. 
 
Other expenses 
Other expenses comprise of fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, losses on hedging 
instruments that are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss and reclassifications of net losses 
previously recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
Foreign exchange gain and losses 
Foreign currency gains and losses on financial assets and financial liabilities are reported on a net basis as either 
finance income or finance cost depending on whether foreign currency movements are in a net gain or net loss 
position. 
 
Taxation 
Some of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are subject to taxes on income in various foreign 
jurisdictions. Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred tax. 
 
Current income tax 
Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current year and prior years are measured at the amount expected 
to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. 
 
The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the end of the financial reporting year and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.  
F-92

--- Page 307 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
28 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Taxation (continued) 
 
Deferred income tax 
Deferred income tax is provided based on temporary differences at the end of the financial reporting year between 
the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. 
 
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except: 
• 
where the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability 
in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the 
accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit or loss; and 
• 
In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests 
in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is 
probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
 
Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unutilised tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which 
the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unutilised tax losses can be 
utilised except: 
• 
Where the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial 
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit or loss; and 
• 
in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and 
interests in joint ventures, deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the 
temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which 
the temporary differences can be utilised. 
 
The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each end of the financial reporting year and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the 
deferred income tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each end of the 
financial reporting year and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will 
allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered. 
 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when 
the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted at the end of the financial reporting year.  
 
Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set 
off current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred income taxes relate to the same 
taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 
 
Current and deferred tax for the year 
Current and deferred income tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they related to items that are recognized 
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current deferred tax are also recognized in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.  Where current tax or deferred income tax arises from 
the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business 
combination. 
 
Tax exposure 
In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax 
positions and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions 
and may involve a series of judgments about future events. New information may become available that causes the 
Group to change its judgments regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will 
impact tax expense in the period that such a determination is made. 
 
F-93

--- Page 308 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
29 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Net finance cost 
 
Finance income comprises interest income on funds invested that is recognised in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss. Interest income is recognised as it accrues in profit or loss, using effective interest method. 
 
Finance costs comprise interest expense on lease liabilities and borrowings, unwinding of the discount on provisions 
recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
Recognition and measurement 
Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment 
losses. Assets in the course of construction are carried at cost, less any impairment. 
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The costs of self-constructed 
assets include the following: 
• 
The cost of materials and direct labour; 
• 
Any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use; 
• 
When the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling 
and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and  
• 
Capitalized borrowing costs. 
 
Cost also includes transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency 
purchases of property, plant and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related 
equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.  
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate 
items (major components) of property, plant and equipment. 
Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment (calculated as the difference between the 
net proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
Capital work-in-progress is transferred to the related property, plant and equipment when the construction or 
installation and related activities necessary to prepare the property and equipment for their intended use have been 
completed, and the property and equipment are ready for operational use. 
Transfer to investment property 
When the use of property changes from owner-occupied to investment property, the property is reclassified 
accordingly at the carrying amount on the date of transfer in accordance with cost model specified under IAS 40. 
 
 
F-94

--- Page 309 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
30 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Property, plant and equipment (continued) 
 
        Expenditure 
Expenditure incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is accounted for 
separately is capitalised and the carrying amount of the component that is replaced is written off.  Other subsequent 
expenditure is capitalised only when it increases future economic benefits of the related item of property, plant and 
equipment. All other expenditure is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred. 
 
Depreciation 
Items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight line basis in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss over the estimated useful lives of each component. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease 
term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease 
term. Land is not depreciated. 
 
Depreciation of these assets commences from the date that they are installed and are ready for use, or in respect of 
internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use. The estimated useful lives 
of the property, plant and equipment are as follows. 
 
Buildings 
 5 – 40 years  
 
Exchange and networks assets 
 5 – 25 years  
Subscriber apparatus and other equipment 
 2 – 10 years 
 
The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in 
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.  If any such indication exists and where the 
carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are written down to their recoverable amount, 
being the higher of their fair value less costs to sell and their value in use. 
 
Derecognition 
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset is included in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised. The asset’s residual values, useful lives and method 
of depreciation are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial year end. 
 
Borrowing costs 
 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes 
substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the respective 
assets.  All other borrowing costs are expensed as incurred.  Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that 
the Group incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds. 
 
Government grants 
 
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the 
conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received. 
 
Government grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group 
recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government 
grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets 
(including property, plant and equipment) are recognized as deferred income in the consolidated statement of 
financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related 
assets. 
 
 
 
 
F-95

--- Page 310 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
31 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Government grants (continued) 
 
Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of 
giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognized in profit or loss in the 
period in which they become receivable. 
 
The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, measured as 
the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest rates. 
 
Intangible assets and goodwill 
 
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets 
acquired in a business combination is fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible 
assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Internally 
generated intangible assets, excluding capitalised development costs, are not capitalised and expenditure is reflected 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year in which the expenditure is incurred. 
 
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever 
there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method 
for an intangible asset with a finite useful life is reviewed at each financial year. Changes in the expected useful life 
or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by 
changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and treated as changes in accounting estimates. The 
amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss in the expense category consistent with the nature of the intangible asset. 
 
Research and development 
Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge 
and understanding, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. 
 
Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products and 
processes. Development expenditure is capitalised only if development costs can be measured reliably, the product 
or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable, and the Group intends to 
and has sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset. The expenditure capitalised 
includes the cost of materials, direct labour, overhead costs that are directly attributable to preparing the asset for its 
intended use, and capitalised borrowing costs. Other development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss as 
incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses. 
 
Indefeasible rights of use (“IRU”) 
IRUs correspond to the right to use a portion of the capacity of a terrestrial or submarine transmission cable granted 
for a fixed period. IRUs are recognised at cost as an asset when the Group has the specific indefeasible right to use 
an identified portion of the underlying asset, generally optical fibres or dedicated wavelength bandwidth, and the 
duration of the right is for the major part of the underlying asset’s economic life. They are amortised on a straight line 
basis over the shorter of the expected period of use and the life of the contract which ranges between 10 to 15 years. 
 
Capital work-in-progress related to IRU is initially presented as part of property, plant and equipment. When the 
construction or installation and related activities necessary to prepare the IRU for their intended use and operations 
have been completed, the related IRU will be transferred from property, plant and equipment to intangible assets. 
 
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-96

--- Page 311 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
32 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Intangible assets and goodwill (continued) 
 
Goodwill 
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of identifiable net assets of the investee 
at the date of acquisition which is not identifiable to specific assets. 
 
Goodwill acquired in a business combination from the acquisition date is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
generating units, or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, 
irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units. 
 
Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated: 
• 
represents the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management 
purposes; and 
• 
is not larger than a segment based on the Group’s operating segments as determined in accordance with IFRS 
8, Operating Segments. 
 
A summary of the useful lives and amortisation methods of Group’s intangible assets other than goodwill are as 
follows: 
 
Investment property 
Investment properties are properties held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not 
for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative 
purpose. Investment properties are initially measured at cost. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to 
the acquisition of the investment property.  Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost 
less accumulated depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation of investment properties are computed 
using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives (EUL) of assets of twenty (20) years. 
When the use of a property changes such that it is reclassified as property and equipment, its fair value at the date of 
reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent accounting. 
 
Investment properties are depreciated on straight line basis using estimated useful life of 20 years.  
Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment property is 
permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses 
on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
in the year of retirement or disposal. 
 
 
License costs 
Customer contracts 
and related 
customer 
relationship 
 
Brand / 
Trade names 
IRU, software and 
other intangibles 
Useful lives 
: 
 
Finite 
(10 – 50 years) 
 
Finite 
(2 – 8 years) 
 
Finite 
(6 – 25 years) 
Finite 
(3 – 15 years) 
 
Amortisation 
method used 
 
: 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability. 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis over 
the periods of 
availability 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Internally 
generated or 
acquired 
: 
Acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
F-97

--- Page 312 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
33 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Fair value measurement 
For measurement and disclosure purposes, the Group determines the fair value of an asset or liability at initial 
measurement or at each reporting date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer 
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that 
price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. The fair value measurement is based on 
the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: 
• 
In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
• 
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group. The fair value of an asset or a 
liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, 
assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. 
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that 
would use the asset in its highest and best use. 
 
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of 
unobservable inputs. 
 
Fair value for measurement and/ or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined 
on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2; leasing 
transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 16 and measurements that have some similarities to fair value, but 
are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 or value in use in IAS 36. 
 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are 
categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant 
to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
• 
Level 1 – Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
• 
Level 2 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable. 
• 
Level 3 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable. 
 
For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the 
Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization 
(based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each 
reporting date. 
 
Financial instruments 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position 
when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets and financial 
liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or 
issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, 
as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets 
or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in consolidated statement of 
profit or loss. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-98

--- Page 313 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
34 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets  
 
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.  
 
Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the 
time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.  
 
All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at amortised cost or fair value through 
other comprehensive or fair value through profit and loss, depending on the classification of the financial assets.  
 
Classification of financial assets  
 
(i) Debt instruments designated at amortised cost 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at amortised cost: 
• 
the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to 
collect contractual cash flows; and 
• 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
Amortised cost and effective interest rate method  
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition 
minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any 
difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. The gross 
carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any loss 
allowance. 
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating 
interest income over the relevant period. 
 
Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured subsequently at 
amortised cost and at FVTOCI. For financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired 
financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount 
of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets 
that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest 
rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit-
impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is 
recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. 
 
 
 
 
F-99

--- Page 314 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
35 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets (continued) 
 
(ii) Debt instruments designated at FVTOCI 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVTOCI): 
• 
the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling the financial assets; and  
• 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
(iii) Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI 
On initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-by-instrument basis) to 
designate investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Designation at FVTOCI is not permitted if the equity 
investment is held for trading or if it is contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business 
combination. 
 
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. 
Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised 
in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve. The cumulative gain or loss will not be 
reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, instead, they will be 
transferred to retained earnings.  
 
Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss 
unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. 
 
(iv) Financial assets at FVTPL 
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at 
FVTPL. Specifically: 
• 
Investments in equity instruments are classified as at FVTPL, unless the Group designates an equity 
investment that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a business combination 
as at FVTOCI on initial recognition.  
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains 
or losses recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign 
currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically: 
• 
for financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange 
differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘other income – net’ line item (note 9); 
• 
for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange 
differences on the amortised cost of the debt instrument are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘other income 
– net’ line item (note 9). As the foreign currency element recognised in profit or loss is the same as if it was 
measured at amortised cost, the residual foreign currency element based on the translation of the carrying 
amount (at fair value) is recognised in other comprehensive income in the investments revaluation reserve; 
• 
for financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange 
differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘other income – net’ line item as part of the fair value gain 
or loss ; and 
• 
for equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive 
income in the investments revaluation reserve. 
 
 
 
 
F-100

--- Page 315 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
36 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets (continued) 
 
Impairment of financial assets 
 
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on investments in debt instruments 
that are measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI, trade and other receivables, contract assets, as well as on 
financial guarantee contracts. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect 
changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument. 
 
The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables and contract assets. The expected credit losses 
on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss 
experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment 
of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of 
money where appropriate. 
 
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased 
significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an 
amount equal to 12-month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on 
significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition instead of on evidence 
of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the reporting date. 
 
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the 
expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is 
expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the 
reporting date. 
 
(i) Significant increase in credit risk 
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, 
the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the 
risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this 
assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, 
including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.  
 
For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment is 
considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument for 
impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition 
of a financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified debtor will default 
on the contract. 
 
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying 
significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.  
 
(ii) Definition of default 
 
The Group employs statistical models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of probability of default 
(“PD”) of exposures with the passage of time. This analysis includes the identification for any changes in default 
rates and changes in key macro-economic factors across various geographies of the Group. For trade receivables, 
the average credit terms are 30-90 days. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-101

--- Page 316 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
37 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets (continued) 
 
Impairment of financial assets (continued) 
 
(iii) Credit-impaired financial assets 
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated 
future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes 
observable data about the following events: 
(a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; 
(b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event; 
(c) the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, 
having granted to the borrower a concession that the lender would not otherwise consider; 
(d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or 
(e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties. 
(iv) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses 
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default and the 
exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data 
adjusted by forward-looking information. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented 
by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes 
the amount drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down 
in the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific future 
financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking information. 
 
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that 
are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, 
discounted at the original effective interest rate.  
 
For a financial guarantee contract, as the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by 
the debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, the expected loss allowance is the 
expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that the Group expects 
to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.  
 
The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in consolidated statement of profit or loss for all financial 
instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except 
for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, for which the loss allowance is recognised in 
other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve, and does not reduce the carrying amount 
of the financial asset in the consolidated statement of financial position. 
 
(v) Write-off policy 
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe 
financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.  
 
Derecognition of financial assets 
 
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, 
or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to 
another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and 
continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated 
liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership 
of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a 
collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received. 
 
 
 
F-102

--- Page 317 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
38 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets (continued) 
 
Derecognition of financial assets (continued) 
 
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying 
amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in consolidated statement of profit 
or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the 
cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value reserve is reclassified to consolidated statement 
of profit or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected 
on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value 
reserve is not reclassified to consolidated statement profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings. 
 
A financial asset (or, where applicable a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is 
derecognised where: 
 
• the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; 
• the Group retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an obligation to pay them in full 
without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; or 
• the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either (a) has transferred substantially  
all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the  asset,  or  (b)  has  neither  transferred  nor  retained substantially all the risks 
and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset. 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
All financial liabilities are measured either at FVTPL or at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair value 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss to the extent that they are not part of a designated hedging 
relationship. The net gain or loss recognised in the consolidated statement profit or loss incorporates any interest 
paid on the financial liability.  
 
However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the 
financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk 
in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss. The remaining amount of change in the fair value of liability is recognised in consolidated statement 
of profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to consolidated statement of 
profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained earnings upon derecognition of the financial liability.  
 
Gains or losses on financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group that are designated by the Group as at FVTPL 
are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost   
Financial liabilities, that are not designated as at FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method.  
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating 
interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated 
future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, 
transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial liability, or (where 
appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability. 
 
 
 
 
F-103

--- Page 318 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
39 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial liabilities (continued) 
Financial guarantee contract liabilities 
A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the 
holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the 
terms of a debt instrument. 
Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at their fair values and, if not designated as at FVTPL 
and do not arise from a transfer of an asset, are measured subsequently at the higher of: 
• 
the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with IFRS 9 (see financial assets above); and 
• 
the amount recognised initially less, where appropriate, cumulative amortisation recognised in accordance 
with the revenue recognition policies set out above. 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end 
of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of the 
instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the ‘other income – net’ line item in profit 
or loss (note 9) for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship. For those which are 
designated as a hedging instrument for a hedge of foreign currency risk foreign exchange gains and losses are 
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity. 
The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and 
translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at FVTPL, 
the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses. 
Derecognition of financial liabilities 
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, 
cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and 
the consideration paid and payable is recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
Derivatives are recognised initially at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are 
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit 
or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the 
timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.  A derivative with a 
positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a derivative with a negative fair value is recognised 
as a financial liability. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-104

--- Page 319 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
40 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Hedge Accounting 
 
The Group may designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments in respect of interest rate risk as cash flow 
hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments are accounted for as cash flow hedges. 
At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the relationship between the hedging instrument 
and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge 
transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether 
the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable 
to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness 
requirements: 
- 
there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument; 
- 
the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship; and 
- 
the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item 
that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group actually uses to 
hedge that quantity of hedged item. 
 
If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the 
risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge 
ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again. 
 
Share capital 
 
Ordinary shares 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. The bonus shares and rights issued during the year are shown as an 
addition to the share capital. Issue of bonus shares are deducted from the accumulated retained earnings of the 
Group.  Any share premium on rights issue are accounted in compliance with local statutory requirements. 
 
Dividend on ordinary share capital 
Dividend distributions to the Group’s shareholders are recognized as a liability in the consolidated financial 
statements in the period in which the dividend are approved by the shareholders. Dividend for the year that are 
approved after the reporting date of the consolidated financial statements are considered as an event after the 
reporting date. 
 
Earnings per share 
 
The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated 
by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent by the weighted average number of 
ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to 
ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive 
potential ordinary shares, which comprise convertible notes and share options granted to employees, if any. 
 
Where the effect of the assumed conversion of the convertible notes and the exercise of all outstanding options have 
anti-dilutive effect, basic and diluted EPS are stated at the same amount. 
 
 
F-105

--- Page 320 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
41 
 
3    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Inventories  
 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.  
 
The cost of inventories is based on the weighted average principle, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring 
the inventories and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing location and condition  
 
Net realisable value is based on estimated selling price less any further costs expected to be incurred on completion 
and disposal. 
 
Provisions 
 
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, 
and it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation. Provisions are measured as a best estimate 
of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the reporting date, and are discounted to present value where 
the effect is material. 
 
Decommissioning liability 
The Group recognises a decommissioning liability where it has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result 
of past events, and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable 
estimate of the amount of obligation can be made. 
 
The Group records full provision for the future costs of decommissioning for network and other assets. When the 
liability is initially recognised, the present value of the estimated costs is capitalised by increasing the carrying 
amount of the related network and other assets to the extent that it was incurred by the development/ construction.  
 
Changes in the estimated timing or cost of decommissioning are dealt with prospectively by recording an adjustment 
to the provision and a corresponding adjustment to network and other assets. Any reduction in the decommissioning 
liability and, therefore, any deduction from the asset to which it relates, may not exceed the carrying amount of that 
asset. If it does, any excess over the carrying value is taken immediately to the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
 
If the change in estimate results in an increase in the decommissioning liability and, therefore, an addition to the 
carrying value of the asset, the Group considers whether this is an indication of impairment of the asset as a whole, 
and if so, tests for impairment. If, the estimate for the revised value of network and other assets net of 
decommissioning provision exceeds the recoverable value, that portion of the increase is charged directly to expense. 
 
Over time, the discounted liability is increased for the change in present value based on the discount rate that reflects 
current market assessments and the risks specific to the liability. The periodic unwinding of the discount is 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as a finance cost. 
 
The Group recognises neither the deferred tax asset in respect of the temporary difference on the decommissioning 
liability nor the corresponding deferred tax liability in respect of the temporary difference on a decommissioning 
asset. 
 
End of service benefits 
The Group provides end of service benefits to its employees. The entitlement to these benefits is based upon the 
employees’ final salary and length of service, subject to the completion of a minimum service period, calculated 
under the provisions of the Labour Law and is payable upon resignation or termination of the employee. The 
expected costs of these benefits are accrued over the period of employment.  
 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits 
Pension costs under the Group’s defined benefit pension plans are determined by periodic actuarial calculation using 
the projected-unit-credit method and applying the assumptions on discount rate, expected return on plan assets and 
annual rate of increase in compensation.  
 
 
F-106

--- Page 321 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
42 
 
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Provisions (continued) 
 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits (continued) 
The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the 
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount and 
deducting the fair value of any plan assets. 
 
The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit 
credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the 
present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future 
contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any applicable 
minimum funding requirements. 
 
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan 
assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately 
in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit 
liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the 
beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes in the 
net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net interest 
expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
 
When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to past 
service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains and 
losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs. 
 
With respect to the Qatari nationals, the Company makes contributions to Qatar Retirement and Pension Authority as 
a percentage of the employees’ salaries in accordance with the requirements of respective local laws pertaining to 
retirement and pensions. The Company’s share of contributions to these schemes, which are defined contribution 
schemes under IAS – 19 Employee Benefits are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Long-term incentive plan 
The Group provides long term incentive points (the “benefit”) to its employees under the long term incentive plan. 
The entitlement to these benefits is based on employee performance and the overall performance of the Group, subject 
to fulfilling certain conditions (“vesting conditions”) under documented plan and is payable upon end of the vesting 
period (the “exercise date”). The benefit is linked to the performance of employees and the Group, and the Group 
proportionately recognise the liability against these benefits over the vesting period through the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss, until the employees become unconditionally entitled to the benefit.  
 
The fair value of the liability is reassessed on each reporting date and any changes in the fair value of the benefit are 
recognized through the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Once the benefit is settled in cash at the exercise date, the liability is derecognised. The amount of cash settlement is 
determined based on number of factors including the number of incentive points awarded, the Company’s operating 
performance based on predetermined targets and the Company’s share price performance over the vesting period. On 
breach of the vesting conditions, the liability is derecognised through the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Foreign currency transactions 
Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of 
each entity are measured using that functional currency. Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by 
the Group entities at their respective functional currency rate prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets 
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the functional currency spot rate of exchange 
ruling at the end of the financial reporting year.   
 
F-107

--- Page 322 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
43 
 
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Foreign currency transactions (continued) 
 
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign 
currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined. Foreign currency 
differences arising on retranslation are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, except for 
differences arising on the retranslation of fair value through other comprehensive income which are recognised in 
other comprehensive income. 
 
Translation of foreign operations 
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition, 
are translated to Qatari riyals at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations 
are translated to Qatari Riyals at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. 
 
Foreign currency differences are recognised in other comprehensive income, and presented in the foreign currency 
translation reserve in equity. However, if the operation is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary, then the relevant 
proportionate share of the translation difference is allocated to the non-controlling interests. When a foreign operation 
is disposed of such that control or significant influence is lost, the cumulative amount in the translation reserve related 
to that foreign operation is reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on 
disposal.  
 
When the Group disposes of only part of its interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation while retaining 
control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to non-controlling interests. When the Group 
disposes of only part of its investment in an associate that includes a foreign operation while retaining significant 
influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to consolidated statement 
of profit or loss. 
 
 
When the settlement of a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation is neither planned nor likely 
in the foreseeable future, foreign exchange gains and losses arising from such a monetary item are considered to form 
part of a net investment in a foreign operation and are recognised in other comprehensive income, and presented in 
the translation reserve in equity. 
 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
 
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets, other than inventories are reviewed at each reporting 
date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s 
recoverable amount is estimated.  The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its 
value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are 
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together 
into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of 
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).  
 
An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated 
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Impairment losses recognized in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount 
of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (group 
of units) on a pro rata basis. Impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for 
any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a 
change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the 
extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net 
of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. 
 
 
F-108

--- Page 323 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
44 
 
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Segment reporting 
 
Segment results that are reported to the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) include items directly 
attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Financial information on 
operating segments is presented in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
Events after the reporting date 
 
The consolidated financial statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the reporting date and 
the date when the consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, provided they give evidence of 
conditions that existed at the reporting date. Any post year-end events that are non-adjusting events are discussed 
on the consolidated financial statements when material. 
 
4   REVENUE 
 
The Group derives its revenue from contracts with customers for the transfer of goods and services over time and at 
a point in time in the following revenue streams. The disclosure of revenue by streams is consistent with the revenue 
information that is disclosed for each reportable segment under IFRS 8 (see note 44). 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of telecommunication services 
 
 
27,403,213  
 28,238,146 
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
 
 
1,271,023 
 
1,380,006 
Revenue from use of assets by others 
 
 
192,329 
 
 297,389  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28,866,565  
 29,915,541 
  
Timing of revenue recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
     At a point in time 
 
 
1,271,023 
 
1,380,006 
     Overtime 
 
 
27,595,542 
  28,535,535 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28,866,565 
 29,915,541 
 
Management expects that the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts as at 31 December 2020, 
mainly relating to deferred income (Note 27), will be recognized as revenue during 2021 and 2022. 
 
 
 
 
F-109

--- Page 324 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
45 
 
5   OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Outpayments and interconnect charges 
 
2,189,702  
 
2,404,144 
Regulatory and related fees 
 
 2,488,716  
 
 2,516,260  
Rentals and utilities – network 
 
 1,168,026  
 
1,158,179 
Network operation and maintenance 
 
 2,297,286 
 
2,160,914 
Cost of equipment sold and other services 
 
 2,620,389  
 
2,752,919 
Provision for obsolete and slow moving inventories 
 
42,013 
 
38,761 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10,806,132  
 
11,031,177 
 
6 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Employee salaries and associated costs 
 
 3,258,375  
 
3,207,576 
Marketing costs and sponsorship 
 
 708,591  
 
876,631 
Commission on cards 
 
 693,455  
 
 581,063  
Legal and professional fees 
 
 175,268  
 
267,905 
Rental and utilities  
 
 104,653  
 
111,192 
Allowance for impairment of trade receivables  
 
 308,354  
 
231,337 
Repairs and maintenance  
 
 87,168  
 
86,961 
Other expenses  
 
 
 630,184  
 
731,521 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5,966,048   
6,094,186 
7  DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
 
 5,513,189   
5,707,580 
Depreciation of investment property 
 
 11,426   
9,511 
Amortisation of intangible assets 
 
 1,503,210   
1,761,732 
Amortisation of right-of-use assets 
 
 1,217,635   
1,108,826 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8,245,460 
 
8,587,649 
 
8  NET FINANCE COSTS  
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Finance cost 
 
 
 
 
Interest expenses  
 
1,412,699 
 
1,815,641 
Profit on Islamic financing obligation 
 
48,808 
 
52,745 
Amortisation of deferred financing costs (Note 28) 
 
41,398   
52,158 
Interest cost on lease liability 
 
541,159   
451,996 
Other finance charges 
 
105,621 
 
32,271 
 
 
2,149,685 
 
2,404,811 
Finance income 
 
 
 
 
Interest income 
 
(254,109) 
 
(317,145) 
 
 
 
 
 
Net finance costs 
 
1,895,576 
 
2,087,666 
 
 
 
 
F-110

--- Page 325 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
46 
 
9 OTHER INCOME – NET 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign currency gain  – net  
 
137,396  
 
156,306 
Dividend income 
 
68,501   
 
8,003 
Rental income  
 
31,775 
 
31,464 
Change in fair value of derivatives – net  
 
(22,374) 
 
(10,661) 
Unrealised gain on equity investments at FVTPL 
 
10,733  
 
(18,640) 
Miscellaneous income – net (i) 
 
244,584  
 
1,145,100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
470,615  
 
1,311,572 
 
(i) In 2019, a gain of approximately QR. 668,000 thousand arising from sale and leaseback transaction entered 
into by one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo (Note 12, 14). 
 
10 ROYALTIES AND FEES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Royalty (i) 
 
235,401 
 
276,634 
Industry fees (ii) 
 
145,823   
198,361 
Other statutory fees (iii) 
 
4,452   
16,642 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
385,676  
 
491,637 
 
i. 
Royalty is payable to the Government of the Sultanate of Oman based on 12% of the net of predefined sources 
of revenue and interconnection expenses to local operators for mobile license and 7% for fixed license.  
 
ii. 
In accordance with its operating licenses for Public Telecommunications Networks and Services granted in 
Qatar by ictQATAR, now referred to as the Communications Regulatory Authority (CRA), the Company is 
liable to pay to the CRA an annual industry fee which is calculated at 12.5% of adjusted net profit on regulated 
activities undertaken in Qatar pursuant to the licenses. 
 
iii. 
Contributions by National Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. to Kuwait Foundation for the 
Advancement of Sciences (“KFAS”), National Labour Support Tax (“NLST”) and Zakat are included under 
other statutory fees. 
 
11 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Parent by 
the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year.  There were no potentially dilutive shares 
outstanding at any time during the year and therefore, the diluted earnings per share is equal to the basic earnings 
per share. 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent (QR.’000) 
 
1,126,475 
 
1,724,826 
 
 
 
 
 
Weighted average number of shares (in ’000) 
 
3,203,200 
 
3,203,200 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic and diluted earnings per share (QR.) 
 
0.35 
 
0.54 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-111

--- Page 326 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
47 
 
12    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  
 
 
 
 
Land and 
buildings  
Exchange 
and 
networks 
assets 
 
Subscriber 
apparatus 
and other 
equipment  
 
Capital work 
in progress 
 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000  
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Cost 
  
  
  
  
 
At 1 January 2019  
8,358,632 
57,049,975 
7,668,791 
2,825,108 
75,902,506 
Initial application of IFRS 16 
 (1,516,679) 
 (104,098) 
 (203,203) 
 -    
 (1,823,980) 
Additions  
 11,495   
 1,135,361   
 118,203   
 5,078,973   
 6,344,032  
Transfers 
 34,613   
 1,417,801   
 188,370   
 (1,640,784)  
 -    
Disposals  
 (313,883)   (1,964,581)  
 (271,368) 
 
 (16)   (2,549,848) 
Reclassification 
 245,278   
 2,591,652   
 106,610   
 (2,964,319)  
(20,779) 
Exchange adjustment 
 161,462   
 1,125,193   
 133,050   
 60,254   
 1,479,959  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
6,980,918  61,251,303  
7,740,453  
3,359,216  79,331,890 
Additions 
 42,741   
 938,878   
 74,532   
 4,570,792   
 5,626,943  
Transfers 
 203,288   
 3,949,779   
 473,639    (4,626,706)  
 -    
Disposals 
 (33,098)   (1,267,586)  
 (420,256)  
 (4,088)   (1,725,028) 
Reclassification 
 90,461   
 (40,912)  
 (107)  
 (226,534)  
 (177,092) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (161,780) 
 (1,794,979) 
 (24,734) 
(64,806) 
 (2,046,299) 
 
  
  
  
  
 
At 31 December 2020 
 7,122,530    63,036,483   
 7,843,527   
 3,007,874  
  81,010,414  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation 
  
  
  
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019  
4,639,808  38,305,090  
5,750,115  
-  
48,695,013 
Initial application of IFRS 16 
 (820,409)  
 (25,667)  
 (97,624)  
-  
 (943,700) 
Provided during the year  
 355,083   
 4,578,483   
 774,014   
-  
 5,707,580  
Disposals  
 (203,106)   (1,788,702)  
 (236,221)  
-  
 (2,228,029)
Reclassification 
(9,497)  
39,462  
(34,755)  
-  
(4,790) 
Exchange adjustment 
 119,156   
838,601  
103,020  
-  
1,060,777 
 
  
  
  
  
 
At 31 December 2019  
4,081,035  41,947,267  
6,258,549  
-  
52,286,851 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
Provided during the year  
328,241   
4,490,105   
694,843   
-  
 5,513,189 
Impairment during the year 
95,084  
-  
-  
-  
95,084 
Disposals  
 (32,776)   (1,075,598) 
 (415,673)  
-  (1,524,047) 
Reclassification 
 43,317   
 (1,683) 
 1,770   
-  
 43,404 
Exchange adjustment 
(39,301)  (1,461,715)  
(23,154)  
-  (1,524,170) 
 
  
  
  
  
 
At 31 December 2020 
4,475,600   43,898,376   
6,516,335   
-  
54,890,311 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2020 
2,646,930  19,138,107  
1,327,192  
3,007,874 
 
26,120,103 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
2,899,883  19,304,036  
1,481,904  
3,359,216 
 
27,045,039 
 
(i) In 2018, exchange and network assets included finance lease assets recognized on account of sale and lease back 
transaction of one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo, which form part of right-of-use assets at 31 
December 2019. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-112

--- Page 327 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
48 
 
12   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
(ii) Asiacell reached an agreement with a local bank wherein it received properties in exchange for the equivalent 
value of the bank deposits. As at 31 December 2020, Asiacell had received parcels of lands and buildings located 
in Baghdad and Sulaymaniah amounting to QR.397,379 thousand (2019: 481,900 thousand).  Currently, the legal 
title is transferred to a related party of Asiacell and it will be transferred in the name of Asiacell upon completing 
legal formalities. However, the Group has obtained an indemnity letter from the related party that these assets are 
under the Group’s control and the ownership will be transferred upon completing the legal formalities. During the 
year Asiacell appointed a third party consultant to review the status of these properties. 
(iii) Certain property, plant and equipment amounting to QR.84,209 thousand (2019: 138,837 thousand) are used 
as collaterals to secure the Group’s borrowings.  
 
F-113

--- Page 328 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
49 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
13    INTANGIBLE
 
ASSETS AND GOODWILL
 
 
              
 
 
 
Goodwill 
 
License 
costs 
 
Customer 
contracts and 
related customer  
relationship 
 
 
 
Brand / 
Trade names 
 
 
IRU, software and 
other intangibles 
 
Total 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019  
9,013,897 
 
28,915,099 
 
604,311 
 
2,539,330 
 
3,796,620 
 
44,869,257 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
- 
 
912,835 
 
- 
 
- 
 
211,465 
 
1,124,300 
Disposals 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(94,174) 
 
(94,174) 
Reclassification 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
1,273 
 
1,273 
Exchange adjustment 
287,093 
 
412,683 
 
26,325 
 
75,311 
 
15,855 
 
817,267 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019  
9,300,990 
 
30,240,617 
 
630,636 
 
2,614,641 
 
3,931,039 
 
46,717,923 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
- 
 
1,437,254  
 
- 
 
- 
 
163,445  
 
1,600,699  
Disposals 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(21,861)  
 
(21,861)  
Reclassification 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
226,641  
 
226,641  
Exchange adjustment 
12,601   
(586,995) 
 
(4,455) 
 
(56,176)  
(53,078) 
 
(688,103) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2020 
9,313,591   
31,090,876  
 
626,181  
 
2,558,465  
 
4,246,186  
 
47,835,299  
                                                                         
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 
 
 
 
F-114

--- Page 329 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
50 
 
 
13 INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
 
 
Goodwill 
 
License 
costs 
 
Customer 
contracts and 
related customer 
relationship 
 
Brand/ 
Trade names 
  
 
IRU, software 
and other 
intangibles 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
  
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Accumulated amortisation and impairment losses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019  
542,950 
 
13,012,974 
 
603,971 
 
1,546,112 
 
2,506,564  
18,212,571 
Amortisation / impairment during the year  
- 
 
1,641,603 
 
339 
 
84,261 
 
306,019  
2,032,222 
Disposals 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(90,921) 
 
(90,921) 
Exchange adjustment 
19,978 
 
146,519 
 
26,326 
 
37,970 
 
13,371 
 
244,164 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
At 31 December 2019  
562,928 
 
14,801,096 
 
630,636 
 
1,668,343 
 
2,735,033 
 
20,398,036 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation / impairment during the year 
312,100 
 
1,086,755   
- 
 
81,921   
334,534  
 
1,815,310   
Disposals 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(21,692)  
 
(21,692)  
Reclassification 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
423 
 
423 
Exchange adjustment 
5,987  
 
(727,982)  
(4,455)  
(42,234)  
(43,032)  
(811,716) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2020 
881,015 
 
15,159,869   
626,181   
1,708,030   
3,005,266  
 
21,380,361   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2020 
8,432,576  
 
15,931,007 
 
- 
 
850,435 
 
1,240,920 
 
26,454,938 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
8,738,062 
 
15,439,521 
 
- 
 
946,298 
 
1,196,006 
 
26,319,887 
F-115

--- Page 330 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
51 
 
 
13. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
i. 
Impairment testing of goodwill 
 
Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to individual cash generating units (CGUs) 
for impairment testing as follows: 
 
Cash generating units 
Carrying 
value 
 
Carrying 
value 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Ooredoo Kuwait 
 585,284  
 
 587,715  
Ooredoo Algeria  
  1,804,919  
 
 2,125,951  
Ooredoo Tunisie 
 2,564,911  
 
 2,466,955  
Indosat Ooredoo  
 3,144,443  
 
 3,162,271  
Asiacell 
 291,383  
 
 353,408  
Ooredoo Maldives 
 29,613  
 
 29,739  
Others 
 12,023  
 
 12,023  
 
8,432,576  
 
 
8,738,062 
 
Goodwill was tested for impairment as at 31 December 2020. The recoverable amount of the CGUs was 
determined based on value in use calculated using cash flows projections by management covering a period of 
five years.  
During the year, the Group has recorded an impairment loss against certain assets since their recoverable amount 
was lower than their carrying value. 
ii. Key Assumptions used in value in use calculations 
Key Assumptions 
The principal assumptions used to determine value-in-use include long-term cash flows, discount rates, terminal 
value growth rate estimates, EBITDA growth rate and CAPEX. The assumptions are constructed based upon 
historic experience and management’s best estimate of future trends and performance and take into account 
anticipated efficiency improvements over the forecasted period. 
 
Forecast revenue growth rates 
Forecast revenue growth rates are based on past experience and management’s best estimate of future trends in 
the market including number of customers, penetrations, average revenue per users, new products and services. 
 
Operating profits 
Operating profits are forecast based on historical experience of operating margins and management’s best 
estimate of future trends including new revenue streams, cost saving initiatives and expected efficiency 
improvements.  
 
Discount rates 
Discount rates reflect management’s estimate of the risks specific to each unit. Discount rates are based on a 
weighted average cost of capital for each CGU and ranged from 7.6% to 17% (2019: 8.4% to 16.6%).  In 
determining the appropriate discount rates for each unit, the yield local market ten-year government bond is used, 
where available. If unavailable, yield on a ten-year US Treasury bond and specific risk factors for each country 
has been taken into consideration. 
 
 
F-116

--- Page 331 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
52 
 
 
13. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
ii. Key Assumptions used in value in use calculations (continued) 
 
Budgeted Capex 
The cash flow forecasts for budgeted capital expenditure are based on past experience and include the ongoing 
capital expenditure required to continue rolling out networks in emerging markets, providing enhanced voice and 
data products and services, and meeting the population coverage requirements of certain licenses of the Group. 
Capital expenditure includes cash outflows for the purchase of property, plant and equipment and other intangible 
assets. 
 
Long-term cash flows and working capital estimates 
The Group prepares cash flow forecasts for the next five years, derived from the most recent annual business 
plan approved by the Board of Directors.  
 
The business plans take into account local market considerations such as the number of subscribers, roaming 
revenue, average revenue per user, operating costs, taxes, capital expenditure, and EBITDA. The growth rate 
does not exceed average long-term growth rate for the relevant markets and it ranges from 3.4% to 7.5% (2019: 
2.75% to 5.5%) 
 
14 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
 
 
Right-of-use assets 
 
 
 
 
Land and 
buildings 
 Exchange 
and 
network 
assets 
 
Subscriber 
apparatus and 
other 
equipment 
 Indefeasible 
rights-of-use 
(IRU) 
 
Total 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
Cost 
  
  
  
  
  
Initial application of IFRS 16 
at 1 January 2019 
 2,822,800   
3,892,212  
231,053  
72,005  
7,018,070 
 
Additions 
 907,695   
676,331  
7,603  
3,796  
1,595,425  
Reduction on early 
termination 
 (6,532)  
(8,477)  
(15,008)  
(1,835)  
(31,852) 
 
Disposals 
(181,650)   
-  
-  
-  
(181,650)  
Exchange adjustment 
80,866  
65,541  
8,275  
121  
154,803  
 
At 31 December 2019  
 
3,623,179 
 
 
4,625,607 
 
 
 
231,923 
 
 
74,087 
 
 
8,554,796 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
Additions 
 1,111,984   
 707,432   
 25,568   
 13,571   
 1,858,555   
Reduction on early 
termination 
 (60,087)  
 (35,978)  
 (3,340)  
 (1,632)  
 (101,037)  
Reclassification 
(90,461)   
40,912  
 -   
 -   
 (49,549)  
Exchange adjustment 
 (21,836)  
 129,260   
 (2,747)  
 3,778   
 108,455   
 
At 31 December 2020 
 
 4,562,779 
 
  
5,467,233 
 
 251,404 
 
 89,804 
 
  
10,371,220  
 
 
F-117

--- Page 332 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
53 
 
 
14 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
 
Right-of-use assets 
 
 
 
 
Land and 
buildings 
 Exchange 
and 
network 
assets 
 
Subscriber 
apparatus and 
other 
equipment 
 Indefeasible 
rights-of-use 
(IRU) 
 
Total 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
Accumulated amortisation 
  
  
  
  
  
Initial application of IFRS 16 
at 1 January 2019 
981,963  
297,721  
98,893  
19,625  
1,398,202 
 
Provided during the year 
482,428  
557,810  
60,397  
8,191  
1,108,826  
Reduction on early 
termination 
(1,226)  
(2,201)  
(14,952)  
(1,835)  
(20,214) 
 
Disposals 
(19,174)  
-  
-  
-  
(19,174)  
Exchange adjustment 
41,732  
6,554  
4,835  
187  
53,308  
 
At 31 December 2019 
 
1,485,723 
 
 
859,884 
 
 
149,173 
 
 
26,168 
 
 
2,520,948 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
Provided during the year 
 
 521,795  
 
  
638,049  
 
 
 46,364  
 
 
 11,427  
 
 
 1,217,635  
 
Reduction on early 
termination 
 (36,656)  
 (7,229)  
 (3,043)  
 (1,633)  
 (48,561)  
Reclassification 
 (43,827)  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (43,827)  
Exchange adjustment 
 8,776   
 4,890   
 (499)  
 1,505   
 14,672   
 
At 31 December 2020 
 
 1,935,811  
 
  
1,495,594  
 
 
 191,995  
 
 
 37,467  
 
  
3,660,867  
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2020 
 2,626,968  
 3,971,639  
 59,409  
 52,337  
 6,710,353  
 
  
  
  
  
 
At 31 December 2019 
2,137,456  
3,765,723  
82,750  
47,919  
6,033,848 
 
Following the election of the Group not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term and 
low-value leases, QR. 381,083 thousand (2019: QR. 374,334 thousand) and QR. 2,463 thousand  (2019:QR. 
2,850 thousand), respectively, were recognized as expenses during the year. Moreover, variable lease 
payments which were recognized as expenses during 2020 amounted to QR. 4,397 thousand (2019: 4,255 
thousand). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-118

--- Page 333 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
54 
 
 
15 INVESTMENT PROPERTY 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
 
170,593 
 
151,087 
Transfer from property, plant and equipment 
 
- 
 
19,506 
At 31 December  
 
170,593 
 
170,593 
 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
 
112,586 
 
98,285 
Transfer from property, plant and equipment 
 
- 
 
4,790 
Provided during the year 
 
11,426 
 
9,511 
At 31 December 
 
124,012 
 
112,586 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
At 31 December 
 
46,581 
 
 
58,007 
Investment property comprises of the portion of the Group’s head quarter building rented to a related party. 
There was a valuation exercise performed by an external valuer, independent valuers not connected with the 
Group. The valuation conforms to International Valuation Standards. Management believe that the fair value 
investment property is approximately QR. 224,162 thousand (2019: QR. 237,244 thousand), which is higher 
than the carrying value at reporting dates. The fair value was determined based on the market comparable 
approach that reflects recent transaction prices for similar properties/ other methods.  The fair value hierarchy 
for valuation of investment property is categorized under level 2. 
The property rental income earned by the Group from its investment property, all of which is leased out under 
operating leases, amounted to QR. 31,775 thousand (2019: QR. 31,464 thousand).  
 
 
 
F-119

--- Page 334 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
55 
 
 
16 INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES 
The Group has the following investment in associates and joint ventures: 
Associate / Joint Venture 
companies 
Principal activity 
Classification 
Country of 
incorporation 
Effective 
ownership 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Navlink, Inc., a Delaware 
Corporation 
Managed Service 
Provider delivering 
technology solutions in 
the enterprise data 
market 
Associate 
United States of 
America 
38% 
38% 
Asia Mobile Holdings Pte 
Ltd (“AMH”) 
Holding company 
Associate 
Singapore 
25% 
25% 
PT Multi Media Asia 
Indonesia 
Satellite based 
telecommunication 
services 
Associate 
Indonesia 
17% 
17% 
MEEZA QSTP LLC 
Information technology 
services 
Associate 
Qatar 
20% 
20% 
PT Citra Bakti, Indonesia 
Product certification and 
testing 
Associate 
Indonesia 
- 
9% 
Titan Bull Holdings Limited Holding Company 
Associate 
Cayman Islands 
18% 
18% 
Monetix SPA 
Electronic Banking 
Associate 
Algeria 
19% 
19% 
SB ISAT Fund, L.P. 
Investment Management 
Associate 
Cayman Islands 
28% 
28% 
PT Palapa Satelit Nusa 
Sejahtera 
Satellite 
Telecommunication 
Operator and Services 
Associate 
Indonesia 
- 
23% 
Mountain Indosat Company 
Ltd ("MCL") 
Business Incubation and 
Digital Services 
Associate 
Hong Kong 
48% 
29% 
PT Satera Manajemen 
Persada Indonesia 
Telecommunication 
Services and Equipment 
Provider 
Associate 
Indonesia 
32% 
32% 
PT Artajasa Pembayaran 
Elektronis 
Electronic payment  
services 
Associate 
Indonesia 
- 
26% 
Asia Internet Holding S.a 
r.l., 
Holding Company 
Joint venture 
Luxembourg 
50% 
50% 
Intaleq Technology 
Consulting & Services 
W.L.L 
Technical services for 
Sports venues and events 
Joint venture 
Qatar 
55% 
55% 
F-120

--- Page 335 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
56 
 
16 
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED) 
 
 
The following table is the summarised financial information of the Group’s investments in the associates 
and joint ventures: 
 
Associates 
Joint 
ventures 
Total 
 
Associates 
Joint 
ventures 
Total 
 
2020 
2020  
2020 
 
2019 
2019 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Group’s share of associates and joint ventures 
statement of financial position: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 986,498  
 30,845  
 1,017,343   
 1,041,366 44,463 
1,085,829 
Non-current assets 
 2,595,048  
 36,474  
 2,631,522   
 2,957,771 51,824 
3,009,595 
Current liabilities 
 (573,044) 
 (3,534) 
 (576,578) 
 
 (740,543) (3,366) 
(743,909) 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 (2,293,955) 
  
-    
 
(2,293,955) 
 
 
(2,280,708) 
- 
(2,280,708) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity attributable to owners of the Company 
 714,547  
 63,785  
 778,332  
977,886 92,921 
1,070,807 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Goodwill  
 917,175  
 -    
 917,175  
901,105 
- 
901,105 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount of the investments 
 1,631,722  
 63,785  
 1,695,507  
1,878,991 92,921 
1,971,912 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group’s share of associates’ and joint ventures’ 
revenues and results: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
 1,128,522  
 45  
 1,128,567  
1,686,758 
34 
1,686,792 
Profit/(loss) for the year 
 56,144  
 (20,868) 
 35,276  
 
64,622 (7,550) 
57,072 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In 2020, the Group received dividend from associates amounting to QR. 64,186 thousand (2019: QR.111,384 
thousand).  
 
16.1. The significant balance of investment in associates relates to Asia Mobile Holdings Pte Ltd. (“AMH”) 
and PT Artajasa Pembayaran Elektronis. During the year, management has performed impairment assessment 
of AMH based on the indicators and currently available information. The Group has applied value-in-use 
approach to determine the recoverable amount of the investment in AMH and no impairment was noted. The 
Group has used WACC of 6.53% and terminal growth rate of 3.6% in their business model. Management has 
incorporated their effective share in AMH, based on the estimated unaudited financial information of AMH, 
in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.  
 
16.2. During 2019, the Group recognised an impairment loss allowance of QR. 78,000 thousand on one of its 
associates. 
 
Although the Group holds less than 20 per cent effective holding of equity shares of certain entities, the Group 
exercises significant influence by virtue of its contractual right to appoint directors to the board of directors 
of that entity. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-121

--- Page 336 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
57 
 
17 FINANCIAL ASSETS – EQUITY INSTRUMENTS 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Investment in equity instrument designated at FVTOCI (i) 
703,178 
 
828,789 
Financial assets measured at FVTPL (i) 
85,829  
 
75,651 
 
789,007  
 
 
904,440 
 
 
 
 
 
The respective fair value of these investments is disclosed in note 40. 
 
Note 
(i) The Group’s financial assets comprise of investments in telecommunication related companies, hedge 
funds, private equity and venture capital funds. The investment in hedge funds is fair valued through 
statement of profit or loss. 
 
Other investments are fair valued through other comprehensive income. The Group has elected to designate 
these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as these investments are held for medium to long-
term strategic purposes and not held for trading. Further, management believe that recognising short-term 
fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in the consolidated statement of profit or loss would not be 
consistent with the Group’s strategy. 
 
18 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepaid rentals  
 
- 
 
540 
Other long term advances (i) 
 
596,111 
 
633,703 
Others  
 
144,232 
 
98,000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
740,343 
 
732,243 
 
(i) Mainly relates to long-term advances for property, plant and equipment and claim for tax refund 
receivables 
 
19  INCOME TAX   
 
Income tax represents amounts recognised by subsidiary companies. The major components of income tax 
expense for the years 2020 and 2019 are: 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Current income tax 
 
 
 
Current income tax charge  
359,616 
 
452,051 
Adjustments in respect of previous years’ income tax 
(117,802) 
 
47,925 
 
 
 
 
Deferred income tax 
 
 
 
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences 
(38,715) 
 
(77,885) 
 
 
 
 
Income tax included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
203,099 
 
422,091 
 
The Company is not subject to income tax in the State of Qatar. The tax rate applicable to the taxable 
subsidiaries is in the range of 10% to 37% (2019: 10% to 37%). For the purpose of determining the taxable 
results for the year, the accounting profit of the companies were adjusted for tax purposes. Adjustments for 
tax purposes include items relating to both income and expense allowed in accordance with respective tax 
laws of subsidiaries. 
 
F-122

--- Page 337 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
58 
 
19 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED) 
 
The adjustments are based on the current understanding of the existing laws, regulations and practices of 
each subsidiaries’ jurisdiction. In view of the operations of the Group being subject to various tax 
jurisdictions and regulations, it is not practical to provide a detailed reconciliation between accounting and 
taxable profits together with the details of the effective tax rates. As a result, the reconciliation includes only 
the identifiable major reconciling items. The Group tax reconciliation is presented as follows:  
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
Profit before tax  
1,625,029 
 
2,646,103 
Profit of parent and subsidiaries not subject to corporate income tax 
(559,458) 
 (1,119,738) 
 
 
 
 
Profit of parent and subsidiaries subject to corporate income tax 
1,065,571   
1,526,365 
 
 
 
Add: 
 
 
Allowances, accruals and other temporary differences 
(101,706) 
 
(418,455) 
Expenses and income that are not subject to corporate tax 
859,234 
 
822,256 
Depreciation – net of accounting and tax 
184,117 
 
463,491 
Unrealised tax losses brought forward 
(16,128) 
 
(2,045) 
Taxable profit of subsidiaries and associates that are  
 
 
 
subject to corporate income tax  
1,991,088   
2,391,612 
 
 
 
 
Income tax charge at the effective income tax rate of 18% (2019: 19%) 
359,616 
 
452,051 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement 
of financial position 
 Consolidated statement 
of profit or loss 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 QR.’000  
QR.’000 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
Accelerated depreciation for tax purposes 
132,623  
231,967  
16,887  
50,820 
Losses available to offset against future taxable 
income 
224,929 
 
231,464 
 
(3,533) 
 
5,839 
Allowances, accruals and other temporary differences 
277,141  
173,838  
2,344 
 
(2,467) 
Deferred tax origination on purchase price allocation 
(293,027)  
(318,886)  
23,017  
23,693 
 
  
  
  
 
Deferred tax asset / deferred tax income – net  
341,666  
318,383  
38,715  
77,885 
 
 
Reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows: 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax asset  
643,104 
 
658,851 
Deferred tax liability 
(301,438) 
 
(340,468) 
 
341,666 
 
318,383 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-123

--- Page 338 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
59 
 
19 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED) 
 
Movement of deferred tax asset – net 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
318,383 
 
 211,632 
Initial adoption of IFRS 16 
- 
 
 31,742 
Deferred tax income during the year 
38,715 
 
 77,885 
Deferred tax on other comprehensive income (loss) 
10,254 
 
 1,054 
Exchange adjustment 
(25,686) 
 
 (3,930)  
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
341,666 
 
318,383 
 
20   CONTRACT COSTS AND ASSETS  
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Current 
367,209  
 
345,919 
Non-Current 
188,830  
 
194,971 
 
556,039  
 
540,890 
 
Contract costs and assets primarily relates to the Group’s right on consideration for goods and services 
provided but not billed at the reporting date. The Group has determined that contract costs and assets are to be 
recognised at the performance obligation level and not at the contract level. 
 
21 INVENTORIES 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Subscribers’ equipment 
248,013 
 
 344,535  
Other equipment 
218,327 
 
245,984 
Cables and transmission equipment 
71,977 
 
 103,585  
 
 
 
 
 
538,317 
 
694,104 
Less: Provision for obsolete and slow moving inventories  
(140,515) 
 
(136,799) 
 
 
 
 
 
397,802 
 
557,305 
 
Inventories consumed are recognised as expense and included under operating expenses. These amounted 
to QR. 1,639,355 thousand (2019: QR. 1,744,093 thousand).  
 
Movement in the provision for obsolete and slow moving inventories is as follows: 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
 
136,799 
 
106,269 
Provided during the year  
 
42,013 
 
38,761 
Amounts written off 
 
(31,300) 
 
(16,743) 
Exchange adjustment 
 
(6,997) 
 
8,512 
 
At 31 December 
 
140,515 
 
136,799 
 
 
 
 
 
F-124

--- Page 339 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
60 
 
22   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES  
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade receivables – net of impairment allowances 
 
2,785,952 
 
3,117,478 
Other receivables and prepayments – net of impairment allowances 
 
3,590,069  
 
3,654,651 
Unbilled subscribers revenue – net of impairment allowances 
 
736,542  
 
936,294 
Amounts due from international carriers – net of impairment allowances 
 
500,184  
 
652,184 
Net prepaid pension costs 
 
115  
 
 233  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7,612,862  
 
8,360,840 
 
At 31 December 2020, trade receivables amounting to QR. 1,977,434 thousand (2019: QR. 1,849,915 
thousand) were impaired and fully provided for. 
 
At 31 December, the ageing of trade receivables – net of impairment allowances is as follows: 
 
 
Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December  
< 30 days 
30 – 60 days 
60-90 days 
90-365 days    > 365 days 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
1,058,939 
321,862 
150,679 
589,936 
664,536 
2,785,952 
2019 
925,994 
441,007 
363,377 
543,263 
843,837 
3,117,478 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Unimpaired receivables are expected on the basis of past experience to be fully recoverable. It is not the 
practice of the Group to obtain collateral over receivables and the vast majorities are therefore, unsecured.  
The average credit period on sales of goods and rendering of services varies from 30 to 90 days depending 
on the type of customer and local market conditions. No interest is charged on outstanding trade 
receivables.  
The Group always measures the loss allowance for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECL 
using the simplified approach. The expected credit losses on trade receivables are estimated using a 
provision matrix by reference to past default experience of the debtor and an analysis of the debtor’s current 
financial position, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions of the 
industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction 
of conditions at the reporting date. The Group has recognised a loss allowance of QR. 308,354 thousand 
(2019: QR. 231,337 thousand) against trade receivables. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-125

--- Page 340 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
61 
 
22    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED) 
The following table details the risk profile of trade receivables based on the Group’s provision matrix. As 
the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not show significantly different loss patterns for different 
customer segments, the provision for loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished 
between the Group’s different customer base. 
 
 
 
Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 2020 
< 30 days 
30 – 60 days 
60-90 days 
90-365 days    > 365 days 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit loss rate 
5% 
9% 
18% 
32% 
70% 
42% 
Estimated total gross 
carrying amount at default 
 1,112,416  
 354,864  
 184,833  
 864,354  
 2,246,919  
 4,763,386  
Lifetime ECL 
 53,477  
 33,002  
 34,154  
 274,418  
 1,582,383  
 1,977,434  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                     Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 2019 
< 30 days 
30 – 60 days 
60-90 days 
90-365days 
   > 365 days 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit loss rate 
6% 
7%  
9%  
35%  
63%  
37% 
Estimated total gross 
carrying amount at default 
987,453 
475,912 
398,324 
832,435 
2,273,269 
4,967,393 
Lifetime ECL 
61,459 
34,905 
34,947 
289,172 
1,429,432 
1,849,915 
The below table shows the collective assessment of movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for 
trade and other receivables in accordance with the simplified approach set out in IFRS 9. 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 QR.’000 
 
 QR.’000 
Balance as at 1 January  
 
1,849,915  
1,688,461 
Allowance for impairment (Note 6) 
 
308,354   
231,337 
Amounts written off 
 
(161,843)  
(103,478) 
Amounts recovered 
 
(5,556)  
(937) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
 
(13,436)  
34,532 
 
  
 
Balance as at 31 December  
 
1,977,434  
1,849,915 
 
23     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  
 
Cash and cash equivalents included in the consolidated statement of cash flows comprise the following items: 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Bank balances and cash – net of impairment allowance (i, ii) 
15,678,488 
 
14,716,148 
Bank overdraft 
- 
 
(292,417) 
 
15,678,488  
 
14,423,731 
Less: 
 
 
 
Deposits with maturity of more than three months (iii) 
 (132,953) 
 
(209,464) 
Restricted deposits (iv) 
 (936,052) 
 
(860,386) 
Cash and cash equivalents as per consolidated statement of cash 
flows at 31 December (v) 
14,609,483  
 
13,353,881 
 
(i) 
Bank balances and cash equivalents include deposits maturing after three months amounting to QR. 
3,381,000 thousand (2019: QR. 3,305,000 thousand).  The Group is of the opinion that these deposits 
are readily convertible to cash and are held to meet short-term commitments 
 
F-126

--- Page 341 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
62 
 
23     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
(ii) 
Deposits are made for varying periods depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group 
and earn interest on the respective deposit rates ranging from 0.06% to 12.31% (2019: 1.21% to 
12.75%). 
 
(iii) 
Deposits with maturity of more than three months were reclassified from bank balances and cash. 
 
(iv) 
During the year 2016, the Communications and Media Commission (CMC) sent letters which 
restricted Asiacell from using certain bank accounts with a balance of QR 189,994 thousand as of 31 
December 2020. On 31 January 2021, Asiacell deposited all the disputed amounts to CMC. Asiacell 
has also started procedures to release the restrictions on these balances. The remaining balance pertains 
to certain restricted bank deposits maintained for dividend payments, restricted cash deposits with 
banks related to issuance of bank guarantees, and the restricted cash related to the derivative financial 
instruments between the Group and a local bank. 
 
 
(v) 
Certain cash and cash equivalents are used as collaterals to secure the Group’s obligations. 
 
Non-cash transaction 
During the year, the non-cash additions to intangible assets amounted to QR. 1,038,526 thousand.  
 
Balances with banks are assessed to have low credit risk of default since these banks are highly regulated 
by the central banks of the respective countries. Accordingly, the management of the Group estimates the 
loss allowance on balances with banks at the end of the reporting period at an amount equal to 12 month 
ECL. None of the balances with banks at the end of the reporting period are past due, and taking into 
account the historical default experience and the current credit ratings of the bank, the management of the 
Group have assessed that there is impairment and have recorded impairment allowance accordingly. 
 
24     SHARE CAPITAL 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
No of shares 
(000) 
  
QR.’000 
No of shares 
(000) 
 
QR.’000 
Authorised 
  
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares of QR 1* each 
  
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
5,000,000 
 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
 5,000,000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issued and fully paid up 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares of QR 1* each 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
3,203,200 
 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
 3,203,200 
 
 
*Refer to note 46 for information on share split. 
 
25     RESERVES  
 
a) Legal reserve 
In accordance with Qatar Commercial Companies Law No. 11 of 2015 and the Company’s Articles of 
Association, 10% of the profit of the Company for the year should be transferred to the legal reserve until 
such reserves reach 50% of the issued share capital.  During 2008, an amount of QR. 5,494,137 thousand, 
being the net share premium amount arising out of the rights issue was transferred to legal reserve. During 
2012, an amount of QR. 5,940,145 thousand, being the net share premium amount arising out of the rights 
issue was transferred to legal reserve. 
 
The reserve is not available for distribution except in the circumstances stipulated in the Qatar Commercial 
Companies Law and the Company’s Articles of Association. 
 
b) Fair value reserve 
The fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of financial assets - equity 
instruments at FVTOCI and effective portion of qualifying cash flow hedges. 
 
F-127

--- Page 342 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
63 
 
25     RESERVES (CONTINUED) 
 
b) Fair value reserve (continued) 
 
2020 
2019 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Fair value reserve of financial assets - equity instruments 
at FVTOCI  
451,101 
569,644 
Cash flow hedge reserve 
(40,176) 
(18,835) 
 
 
410,925 
550,809 
 
c) Employees’ benefits reserve 
Employment benefits reserve is created on account of adoption of revised IAS – 19 Employee benefits. 
Employee benefits reserve comprises actuarial gains (losses) pertaining to defined benefit plans. 
 
d) Translation reserve 
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the 
financial statements of foreign operations. 
 
e) Other statutory reserves 
In accordance with the statutory regulations of the various subsidiaries, a share of their respective annual 
profits should be transferred to a non-distributable statutory reserve. 
 
 
F-128

--- Page 343 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
64 
 
26  COMPONENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow hedges 
 
 
 
 
Losses arising during the year 
 
(5,584)  
 
(4,486) 
Deferred tax effect 
 
- 
 
40 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5,584) 
 
(4,446) 
 
 
 
 
 
Share of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges from associates 
and joint ventures 
 
(15,757) 
 
(27,211) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign exchange reserve 
 
 
 
 
Foreign exchange translation differences – foreign operations 
 
(863,769) 
 
572,849 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(863,769) 
 
572,849 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  
 
 
 
Fair value reserve 
 
 
 
 
Net changes in fair value on investments in equity instruments 
designated as at FVTOCI 
 
(67,953) 
 
(12,616) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(67,953) 
 
(12,616) 
 
 
 
 
 
Employees’ benefits reserve 
 
 
 
 
Net movement in employee benefits reserve 
 
(40,210) 
 
(4,672) 
Deferred tax effect 
 
10,254  
 
1,014 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(29,956) 
 
(3,658) 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year – net of tax 
(983,019) 
 
524,918 
 
 
 
 
 
27  DEFERRED INCOME 
 
Deferred income pertains to unearned revenue from services that will be provided in future periods. It primarily 
includes revenue from the unused and unutilized portion of prepaid cards sold. The sale of prepaid cards is 
deferred until such time as the customer uses the airtime, or the credit expires. 
 
 
F-129

--- Page 344 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
65 
 
28 LOANS AND BORROWINGS 
 
Presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as: 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
Secured loan 
58,415 
 
 143,992  
Unsecured loan 
9,922,241 
 
 6,755,480  
Islamic Finance 
396,708 
 
 430,516  
Bonds 
14,065,021 
 
 18,143,632 
 
 
 
 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(116,871) 
 
(136,677) 
 
24,325,514 
 
25,336,943 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
Secured loan 
53,713 
 
 67,924  
Unsecured loan 
1,071,065 
 
 3,757,035  
Islamic Finance 
31,381 
 
 259,046  
Bonds 
4,063,575 
 
 1,082,207  
Bank overdraft 
- 
 
 292,416  
 
 
 
 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(30,451) 
 
(48,296) 
 
5,189,283 
 
5,410,332 
 
 
 
 
 
29,514,797 
 
30,747,275 
 
The deferred financing costs consist of arrangement and other related fees. Movement in deferred financing 
costs was as follows: 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
184,973 
 
206,750 
Additions during the year 
3,614 
 
30,028 
Amortised during the year (Note 8) 
(41,398) 
 
(52,158) 
Exchange adjustment 
133 
 
353 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
147,322 
 
184,973 
 
 
. 
 
F-130

--- Page 345 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
66 
 
28 LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED) 
 
The loans and borrowings presented in the consolidated financial position consist of the following: 
 
Type 
Currency 
Nominal Interest / Profit 
rate 
Year of maturity 
2020 
2019 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Bonds 
IDR 
7.40% to 11.20% 
Mar 20 to Jul 29 
2,652,215 
 
 3,749,458  
Bonds  
USD 
3.25% to 5.00% 
Feb 21 to Jan 43 
15,476,381 
 
 15,476,381  
Islamic Finance 
IDR 
8.00 to 11.20% 
Jun 20 to Jul 29 
428,089 
 
 689,562  
Secured Loans 
USD 
LIBOR + 3.00% to 6.25% 
Jan 20 to Feb 23 
112,128 
 
 211,916  
Unsecured Loans 
IDR 
2% to 8.95% 
Dec 21 to Feb 24 
1,111,684 
 
 1,251,901  
Unsecured Loans 
KWD 
CBK + 0.60% - 0.65% 
May 21 to Nov 22 
143,640 
 
 432,739  
Unsecured Loans 
MMK 
9% to 12% 
Mar 20 to Jul 21 
202,398 
 
 177,514  
Unsecured Loans 
TND 
TMM Rate + 1.1% to 1.75% 
Jun 20 to Jun 24 
204,605 
 
 342,734  
Unsecured Loans 
DZD 
5.00% to 5.15% 
Dec 24 to Jul 26 
181,969 
 
- 
Unsecured Loans 
USD 
LIBOR + 0.88% to 5.69% 
Immediate to Sep 29 
9,149,010 
 
 8,307,627  
Bank overdraft 
DZD 
4% to 4.90% 
Feb 21 to Jun 21 
- 
 
292,416 
 
 
 
 29,662,119 
 
30,932,248 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
 
 
(147,322) 
 
(184,973) 
Total 
 
 
 
29,514,797 
 
30,747,275 
 
(i) 
Loans and borrowings are availed for general corporate and operational purposes , financing working capital 
requirements and repayment or refinancing of existing borrowing facilities. 
 
 
(ii) Bonds are listed on London, Irish and Indonesia Stock Exchanges. Certain bonds are unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
 
(iii) Islamic Finance includes notes issued under Sukuk Trust Programme on the Indonesia Stock Exchange. 
 
 
F-131

--- Page 346 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
67 
 
29      EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS  
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Employees’ end of service benefits 
 492,707  
 
518,782  
Long term incentive points-based payments 
 201,897  
 
222,859  
Defined benefit pension plan/ Labour Law No. 13/2003  
 143,638  
 
120,990  
Other employee benefits 
 22,543  
 
12,856  
 
 
 
 
Total employee benefits 
860,785  
 
875,487  
Current portion of long term incentive points-based payments (Note 31) 
(103,622) 
 
(108,868) 
 
 
 
 
Employees’ benefits – non current 
757,163  
 
766,619 
 
 
  
Movement in the provision for employees’ benefits are as follows: 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
875,487 
 
902,155 
Provided during the year  
 135,380  
 
151,363 
Paid during the year  
 (161,355)  
(170,382) 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 40,210  
 
(1,014) 
Relating to discontinued operation 
 -    
 
(20,440) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (28,937)  
13,805 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
860,785 
 
875,487 
 
 
  
The carrying amount of the liability arising from long term incentive points-based payments is determined 
by the achievement of certain performance targets and share price of the Company. As at the reporting date, 
the carrying amount of liability arising from long term incentive points-based payments approximates its 
fair value. 
The details of the benefit plans operated by one of the Group’s subsidiaries are as follows: 
Plan A - Post-retirement healthcare plan  
One of the subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo provides post-retirement healthcare benefits to its employees 
who leave after the employees fulfill the early retirement requirement. The immediate family of 
employees who have been officially registered in the records of the company are also eligible to receive 
benefits. The post-retirement healthcare plan was terminated in 2019. 
Plan B - Defined Benefit Pension Plan - Labour Law No. 13/2003 
Indosat Ooredoo, Lintasarta and IMM also accrue benefits under Indonesian Labor Law No. 13/2003 
(“Labor Law”) dated 25 March 2003. Their employees will receive the benefits under this law or the 
defined benefit pension plan, whichever amount is higher. 
Plan C - Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
The subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo, Satelindo and Lintasarta provide defined benefit pension plans to their 
respective employees under which pension benefits to be paid upon retirement. A state-owned life 
insurance company, PT Asuransi Jiwasraya (“Jiwasraya”) manages the plans. Pension contributions are 
determined by periodic actuarial calculations performed by Jiwasraya. 
Based on the agreement, a participating employee will receive: 
• Expiration benefit equivalent to the cash value at the normal retirement age, or 
• Death benefit not due to accident equivalent to 100% of insurance money plus cash value when the 
employee dies not due to accident, or 
• Death benefit due to accident equivalent to 200% of insurance money plus cash value when the 
employee dies due to accident. 
 
 
 
 
F-132

--- Page 347 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
68 
 
29    EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS (CONTINUED) 
 
Actuarial assumptions 
 
The actuarial valuations were prepared by an independent actuary, using the projected-unit-credit method, 
the following were the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date. 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
Plan A 
Plan B 
Plan C 
 
Plan A 
Plan B 
Plan C 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annual discount rate 
- 
7.50% - 8.00%8.0% -8.5%  
8.5% 
7.50% - 8.00% 
8.0% -8.5% 
Increase in compensation 
- 
6.5% 
3.0% - 9.0%  
- 
6.5% 
3.0% - 9.0% 
Mortality rate 
- 
- 
TMI 2011 
 
- 
- 
TMI 2011 
 
 
 
Movement in net defined benefit (asset) liability 
 
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for net defined 
benefit liability (asset) and its components. 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
Plan A 
Plan B 
Plan C 
 
Plan A 
Plan B 
Plan C 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
- 
125,324  
(10,212)  
 136,522 
96,153 
(10,835) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Included in profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest cost 
- 
 8,722  
 (4,013) 
 
3,073 
8,283 
(4,638) 
Service cost 
- 
 10,823  
 4,164  
 
2,137 
10,381 
5,063 
Curtailment gain 
- 
 -    
 -    
 (60,256) 
- 
- 
Immediate recognition of 
past service cost – vested 
benefit 
 
 
- 
 
 
 (11,720) 
 
 
 52  
 
- 
2,731 
- 
Cost of employee transfer 
- 
 -    
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
7,825  
  203  
 (55,046) 
21,395 
425 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Included in other 
comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive 
income 
 
- 
 
28,778 
 
11,432  
 
(2,256) 
6,113 
815 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other movements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contribution 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
(126) 
Benefit payment  
 - 
(12,134) 
(10,696) 
 (82,303) 
(2,387) 
- 
Refund 
- 
- 
963  
 
- 
- 
276 
Exchange adjustment 
- 
(918) 
7,488  
 
3,083 
4,050 
(767) 
 
- 
(13,052) 
(2,245)  
 (79,220) 
1,663 
(617) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
- 
148,875  
(822)  
 
- 
125,324 
(10,212) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current portion 
- 
5,237  
(115)  
 
- 
4,334 
(233) 
Non-current portion 
- 
143,638  
(707)  
 
- 
120,990 
(9,979) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-133

--- Page 348 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
69 
 
29    EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS (CONTINUED) 
 
Plan assets comprises investments in shares of stocks and properties, mutual fund, time deposits, debt 
securities, long-term investment in shares of stock and property. The plan asset has diverse investments and 
does not have any concentration risk. 
 
Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount rate. 
The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective 
assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. 
 
Sensitivity analysis on defined benefit obligation 
Quantitative sensitivity analysis for each 1% change in the following significant assumptions as of 
31 December 2020 are as follows: 
 
 
Impact of change in assumptions to defined benefit obligation 
 
Increase 
 
Decrease 
 
 
 
 
Pension benefit cost 
 
 
 
- 
Discount rate 
Decrease by 4.21% - 6.83% 
 
Increase by 4.54% - 8.01% 
Obligation under Labor Law 
 
 
 
- 
Discount rate 
Decrease by 8.42% - 10.99% 
 
Increase by 9.73% - 12.78% 
 
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit 
obligation as it is unlikely that the changes in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some 
of the assumptions may be correlated. 
 
In presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligation has been 
calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as 
that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognized in the consolidated statement 
of financial position. There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity 
analysis from prior years. 
 
Each year a study is performed in which the consequences of the strategic investment policies are analysed 
in terms of risk-and-return profiles. There has been no change in the processes used by the Group to manage 
its risks from prior periods. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-134

--- Page 349 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
70 
 
30  OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
License cost payables (i) 
 
1,643,092 
 
1,587,053 
Site restoration provision  
 
124,419 
 
86,968 
Deferred gain on leases 
 
21,517  
 
58,734 
Others (ii) 
 
761,725  
 
925,638 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,550,753  
 
2,658,393 
 
(i) This represents amounts payable to Telecom regulators in Indonesia, Oman, Palestine and Myanmar 
for license charges.  
(ii) This mainly consist of long-term procurement payables  
 
31 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES  
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade payables 
 
 3,959,703  
 
2,727,934 
Accrued expenses (i) 
 
 8,127,544  
 
8,410,414 
Interest payable 
 
 275,424  
 
 315,986  
Profit payable on Islamic financing obligation 
 
 4,594  
 
 7,245  
License costs payable 
 
 1,286,535  
 
 355,101  
Amounts due to international carriers -net 
 
 514,689  
 
 489,513  
Negative fair value of derivatives  
 
 136,457  
 
 98,760  
Long term incentive points-based payments (Note 29) 
 
 103,622  
 
108,868 
Other payables  
 
 1,205,032  
 
1,261,153 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     15,613,600  
 
13,774,974 
(i) This mainly consist of accrual for operating and capital expenditure including provision for legal and 
tax cases 
 
32  LEASE LIABILITIES 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
At January 1 
6,649,303 
- 
Initial application of IFRS 16 at 1 January 2019 
- 
4,709,986 
Reclassification of finance lease liabilities 
- 
887,538 
Additions during the year 
 1,858,555  
2,014,735 
Interest expense on lease liability 
 541,159  
451,996 
Principal element of lease payments 
 (1,280,481) 
(1,265,585) 
Payment of interest portion of lease liability 
 (351,682) 
(171,325) 
Reduction on early termination 
 (35,901) 
(11,757) 
Exchange adjustments 
 (20,550) 
33,715 
 
7,360,403  
6,649,303 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Non-current portion 
6,263,940 
5,692,809 
Current portion 
1,096,463  
956,494 
 
 
 
 
7,360,403 
6,649,303 
 
 
F-135

--- Page 350 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
71 
 
32  LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED) 
 
The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are 
monitored by the Group’s treasury function. 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Maturity analysis 
 
 
 
Not later than 1 year 
 1,647,188  
1,429,929 
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years 
 4,931,930  
4,219,386 
Later than 5 years 
 3,603,245  
3,394,521 
Less: unearned finance cost 
 (2,821,960) 
(2,394,533) 
 
 
 
 
7,360,403 
6,649,303 
 
33   CONTRACT LIABILITIES 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Current 
 
192,456   
117,768 
Non-current 
 
8,247 
 
11,481 
 
 
200,703  
 
129,249 
 
(i) A contract liability mainly arises in respect of the Group’s customer loyalty points scheme (“loyalty 
points”). As these loyalty points provide a benefit to customers that they would not receive without 
entering into a purchase contract, the promise to provide loyalty points to the customer is a separate 
performance obligation. The revenue related to unsatisfied or partially satisfied performance 
obligations is expected to be realized within two years of the reporting date. 
 
There were no significant changes in the contract liability balances during the reporting period.  
 
 
34   DIVIDEND  
 
Dividend paid and proposed 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Declared, accrued and paid during the year 
 
 
 
 
Final dividend for 2019, QR. 0.25 per share (2018: 
QR. 0.25 per share) 
 
800,800 
 
800,800 
 
 
 
 
 
Proposed for approval at Annual General Meeting  
(Not recognized as a liability as at 31 December) 
 
 
 
 
Final dividend for 2020, QR. 0.25 per share  
(2019: QR. 0.25 per share) 
 
800,800 
 
800,800 
 
 
 
 
 
The proposed final dividend will be submitted for formal approval at the Annual General Meeting. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-136

--- Page 351 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
72 
 
35   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTUMENTS 
 
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
The Group uses cross currency swap contracts, currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps to manage 
some of the currency transaction exposure and interest rate exposure.  These contracts are not designated as 
cash flow, fair value or net investment hedges and are accounted for as derivative financial instruments: 
 
 
 
Notional amounts 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Cross currency swaps 
 36,415  
 
72,830 
Currency forward contracts 
 436,980  
 
145,660 
Interest rate swaps 
 327,735  
 
436,980 
Fair value derivatives  
 305,609  
 
304,931 
 
 
 
 
 
1,106,739 
 
960,401 
 
 
Fair values 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
Derivative 
Assets 
 
Derivative 
Liabilities 
 
Derivative 
Assets 
 
Derivative 
Liabilities 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cross currency swaps 
- 
 
 3,220   
- 
 
339 
Currency forward contracts 
- 
 
 28,212   
- 
 
6,077 
Interest rate swaps 
- 
 
 9,806   
- 
 
4,222 
Fair value derivatives  
- 
 
 93,740   
- 
 
88,122 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
 
134,978 
 
- 
 
98,760 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2020, the Group has interest rates swaps entered into with a view to limit its floating interest 
rate term loans and currency forward contract that effectively limits change in exchange rate for a future 
transaction.   
 
The table below shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments held as cash flow hedges together 
with the notional amounts: 
 
Derivative 
Liabilities 
 
Derivative 
Assets 
 
Notional 
Amounts 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency forward contracts 
1,479 
 
- 
 
36,754 
 
1,479 
 
 
- 
 
36,754 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-137

--- Page 352 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
73 
 
6
3 
      
      OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS  
At the date of statement of financial position, the Company has outstanding commitments under non-
cancelable operating leases, which fall due as follows: 
 
 
2020 
 
2019  
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Future minimum lease payments: 
 
 
 
Not later than one year 
44,631 
 
91,776 
Later than one year and not later than five years 
3,688 
 
3,922 
 
 
 
 
Total short term and low value leases for at 31 December 
48,319 
 
95,698 
Upon adoption of IFRS 16, certain operating lease commitments were identified and considered. The leases 
are related to short term and low value leases. The above commitments were adjusted accordingly in the 
calculation of operating lease commitments.  
7
3  COMMITMENTS  
Capital expenditure commitments not provided for 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Estimated capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the financial 
reporting year but not provided for: 
2,642,749 
3,203,745 
Letters of credit 
206,190 
185,014 
 
 
 
 
 
8
3  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES  
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Letters of guarantees 
760,170 
 
827,153 
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts  
25,978 
 
22,242 
Litigation and claims 
The Group is from time to time a party to various legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of its 
business. The Group does not believe that the resolution of these legal actions and claims will, individually or 
in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations, except as 
noted below. 
 
(a)  Proceedings against PT Indosat Mega Media relating to misuse of radio frequencies 
In early 2012, the Attorney General's Office in Jakarta (the "AGO") initiated corruption proceedings against 
PT Indosat Mega Media ("IM2"), a 99 per cent owned subsidiary of PT Indosat Tbk., a subsidiary of the Group, 
for unlawful use of a radio frequency band allocation that had been granted to Indosat. On 8 July 2013, the 
Indonesia Corruption Court imposed a fine against IM2 in a related case against the former President Director 
of IM2. Both the former President Director of IM2 and the AGO lodged appeals to the Jakarta High Court. A 
written decision of the Supreme Court was received in January 2015 which confirmed that the Supreme Court 
had upheld the former President Director of IM2 prison sentence of eight years and that the fine against IM2 
of approximately QAR473.4 million (USD130 million) had been reinstated. 
 
 
 
F-138

--- Page 353 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
74 
 
8
3  CONTINGENT
 
LIABILITIES
 
(CONTINUED) 
 
a)  Proceedings against PT Indosat Mega Media relating to misuse of radio frequencies (continued) 
On 16 March 2015, the former President Director of IM2 submission of judicial review was officially 
registered at the Corruption Court. Since the Criminal Case Verdict and the Administrative Case Verdict were 
contradictory, BPKP (State Audit Bureau) filed on 16 March, 2015 a Judicial Review on the Administrative 
Case in order to annul the previous Administrative Case Verdict. Due to the BPKP’s Judicial Review, on 13 
October, 2015 the Supreme Court  has issued a verdict (on Administrative Case) which stated that the BPKP 
audit report held by BPKP is valid. On the Supreme Court’s official website, the Supreme Court on 4 
November, 2015 issued a verdict (on Criminal Case) that rejected the Judicial Review submitted by the former 
President Director of IM2. PT Indosat Tbk. is preparing a second judicial review for the Criminal Case. 
On 28 March 2016, the former President Director of IM2 and IM2 filed a tort lawsuit of unlawful act against 
Ministry of Communication and IT (MOCIT) and BPKP at the Central Jakarta District Court.  On 22 
November 2016, the Central Jakarta District Court dismissed the lawsuit. On 15 August 2017, an appeal was 
lodged with the Jakarta High Court on which gave a ruling against MOCIT and BPKP, as stated on its official 
website. Further, MOCIT and BPKP filed an appeal to the Supreme Court against the ruling. On 24 July, 2018, 
the Supreme Court rejected MOCIT and BPKP’s cassation request.  
On 26 June 2019, BPKP submitted Judicial Review request against Cassation decision. Indosat’s contra 
memorandum of Judicial Review was submitted on 31 July 2019 and former President Director of IM2 and 
IM2’s contra memorandum of Judicial Review was submitted on 18 September 2019. 
Based on information on the Supreme Court’s website dated 13 May 2020, the Supreme Court ruled in favor 
of BPKP. This means that IM2 lost the case and that the decision to fine IM2 still stands. 
The Group has provided adequate provision for this case. 
 
(b) Tax demand notices against Asiacell  
As at the reporting date, one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Asiacell Communication PJSC (“ACL”) was subject 
to tax demand notice by the General Commission for Taxes, Iraq (the “GCT”) for the years from 2004 to 2007 
for an amount of QR. 225million, 2008 amounting to QR. 118 million, 2009-2010 amounting to QR. 205 
million, 2015-2016 amounting to QR. 152 million and 2017 amounting to QR.90 million.,  and 2019 
amounting to QR.16 million.   Asiacell has raised an objection against each of these claims.  The Group has 
set up adequate provision against these claims and management is of the view that Asiacell has strong grounds 
to challenge each of these claims.. 
 
(c) Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee 
On 10 June 2014, the Communications and Media Commission (“CMC”) issued a letter notifying the 
Company that the structure of the Company in relation to ownership of the shares in its capital does not fulfill 
the License requirements as an Iraqi Company to pay 15% of its gross revenue as a regulatory fee, as per 
license agreement.  
 
Consequently the CMC requested the Company to pay a regulatory fee of 18% of gross revenues instead of 
15%. The amount requested by CMC was QR. 276 million (USD 76 million) from the period that the CMC is 
claiming that the Iraqi ownership had changed until the end of first half of 2013. The Company has made an 
appeal against this claim. On 11 November 2014, the CMC issued a letter notifying the Company that they 
revised the claim relating to the additional 3% and that the total new amount from June 2012 to 30 June 2014 
should be equal to QR. 370.7 million (USD 101.8 million). The Company has a full provision against this 
claim amounting to QR. 675.9 million (USD 185.6 million). In January 2016, the Erbil Court of Cassation has 
issued a final decision in favor of the Company.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-139

--- Page 354 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
75 
 
8
3  CONTINGENT
 
LIABILITIES
 
(CONTINUED) 
 
(c) Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee (continued) 
 
 
In July 2014, Asiacell disputed the CMC’s decision and appealed it to the CMC Appeal Board and 
subsequently to the Iraqi courts on the basis that Asiacell is entitled to benefit from the 3% discount in the 
regulatory fee as it’s an Iraqi Company with a majority Iraqi Shareholder. The dispute progressed from the 
Court of First Instance to the Kurdistan Court of Cassation, which, on 27 January 2016, ruled in favor of 
Asiacell and concluded that the CMC is not entitled to apply the 18% license fee to Asiacell as it is an Iraqi 
company with Iraqis owning more than 84% of its shares. Asiacell implemented the court decision at the 
Karadda Execution Office in Baghdad.  
 
On 4 February 2016, the CMC sent a letter for restricted use of certain bank accounts of Asiacell, for CMC’s  
benefit. This is against a disputed amount for which the company already has a court decision in their favor. 
 
In June 2017, the Iraqi Ministry of Finance raised a “third party objection” case at Erbil Court against its own 
decision. On 9 August 2017, the Court dismissed the objection and confirmed its past decision. After an appeal, 
the Cassation Court, on 17 October 2017, ruled against the Ministry of Finance and confirmed the decision in 
favor of Asiacell. 
 
As part of the licence’s extension negotiations, Asiacell and CMC have concluded the terms and conditions of 
the licence extension, for 8 years. The only pending points is related to the 3% licence fee dispute in which 
Asiacell deposited 100% of the disputed amount at a CMC bank account until a final settlement is reached.  
 
 
(d) Proceedings against Asiacell relating to universal services fee 
On 7 December 2017, the Communication and Media Commission (“CMC”) issued a letter notifying Asiacell 
and other MNOs letters asking them to hold 1.5% of their 2017 Revenues (excluding local interconnection 
cost) as a Universal Service Fee (“USF”). The CMC will provide further information in the USF regulation 
that will be issued soon. USF is a license obligation included in Asiacell’s License. 
 
The 2017 – 2019 USF cost, calculated at 1.5% of Asiacell’s revenue, was QR 197.3 million (USD 49.1 million) 
The Company has a full provision, as at 31 December 2019, against this claim.  
 
On 19 July 2018, Asiacell received the 2nd letter asking it to provision the 1.5% USF from the end of the 2nd 
anniversary of the license term (2009) and inform CMC of the provisioned amount within 14 days from 
receiving the letter. The cost of this decision is around QR 691 million (USD 190 million).  
 
On 13 March 2019, CMC amended its US Policy and Regulation. Main amendment is related to forcing MNOs 
to open an actual US bank account at specific banks determined by CMC. The US Department, which the 
amendment established, will manage the US Accounts. Asiacell complied with this request. 
 
CMC sent Asiacell a final warning letter to pay USF 2009-2016 amounts. Asiacell replied and requested a 
meeting to win time. It is expected that CMC will link this payment to Asiacell licence extension. 
 
No provision has been made for the retroactive claim as of 31 December 2020 as the Company has strong 
grounds to challenge this retrospective USF claims. 
 
 
 
F-140

--- Page 355 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
76 
 
8
3  CONTINGENT
 
LIABILITIES
 
(CONTINUED) 
(e) Tax demand notices against Indosat Ooredoo 
As at the reporting date, one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo was subject to tax demand 
assessments by the Indonesia Tax Authority for the Value Added Tax (VAT) claims from years 2009 to 2018 
for an amount of QR. 190 million, Corporate tax claims from years 2007 to 2018 amounting to QR. 443 million 
and Withholding tax from years 2012-2019 amounting to QR. 545 million. The Group has set up adequate 
provision against these claims and management is of the view that Indosat Ooredoo has strong grounds to 
challenge each of these claims. 
 
(f)  Preliminary tax notification issued on Wataniya Telecom Algeria  
In July 2017, the tax authorities started a tax audit covering the period from 2013 to 2016. On 24 December 
2018, a final notification for the year 2013 was received by Ooredoo Algeria for QR. 65 million and a final tax 
notification for the years 2014 to 2016 for an amount QR. 45 million. 
 
The Group has set up adequate provision against these claims and management is of the view that Ooredoo 
Algeria has strong grounds to challenge each of these claims. 
 
(g) Tax notification issued to Ooredoo Tunisie 
Ooredoo Tunisie received a preliminary tax notification covering the period from 2013-2017. The total amount 
claimed by Tax Authority is QR. 135 million. 
 
The Group has set up adequate provision against these claims and management is of the view that Ooredoo 
Tunisia has submitted an objection to the Tax Authority and has strong grounds to challenge each of these 
claims. 
 
(h) Proceeding against Ooredoo Palestine 
On 23 October 2017, The Regulator issued a letter notifying Ooredoo Palestine to pay the second payment of 
the license acquisition fee of amounting QR 291 million (USD 80 million) due to the fact that Ooredoo 
Palestine reached 700 thousand subscribers. The license sets up a third license payment of QR. 488 million 
(USD 134 million) when Ooredoo Palestine reaches 1 million subscribers.  
 
In September 2019, the Minister of Finance and Minister of MTIT issued a letter notifying Ooredoo Palestine 
to pay QR. 779 million (USD 214 million) which is the remaining unpaid second and third payment of license 
fee. These second and third payments are subject to the assignment of the 2G and 3G spectrum and the actual 
launch of these services in West Bank and Gaza.  
 
The Group has set up adequate provision against these claims and management is of the view that Ooredoo 
Palestine has strong grounds to challenge these claims. 
 
(i) Algeria Central Bank against Ooredoo Algeria 
In late 2016, Algeria Central Bank (“ACB”) conducted a review over Ooredoo Algeria money transfers outside 
Algeria and currency exchange. The review claims that Ooredoo Algeria has committed money transfer and 
foreign exchange regulations violations during 2013-2014. Accordingly, Algeria’s public persecution along 
with the Algerian Ministry of Finance has initiated a criminal investigation against Ooredoo Algeria in 
December 2018. The investigation includes 14 misdemeanor cases against Ooredoo Algeria in relation to 
money transfer from the Company’s export bank account and roaming repatriation of funds without complying 
with the central bank’s processes. In February and March 2019, the criminal court convicted Ooredoo Algeria 
with 13 (out of 14) misdemeanor cases and sentenced the Company to pay a total of QR 325 million (USD 
89.3 million) in fines and compensation. 
 
During 2020, the Group have provided QR 13 million (USD 3.8 million) provision for 11 cases related to the 
export bank account violations. 
 
In 2020, Ooredoo Algeria have won Ericsson case at the first Instance court and was appealed by Treasury to 
the appeal case. The Group believes that Ooredoo Algeria is in a strong position due to wining the first instance 
court decision, therefore the amount of QR 312 million (USD 85.5 million) is not provided for. 
 
 
 
F-141

--- Page 356 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
77 
 
9
3  FINANCIAL
 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
 
 
Objectives and policies 
The Group’s principal financial liabilities, other than derivatives, comprise loans and borrowings, finance 
leases, and trade payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise finance for the Group’s 
operations. The Group has various financial assets such as trade receivables, investments and cash and short-
term deposits, which arise directly from its operations. 
 
The Group also enters into derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps and 
forward currency contracts. The purpose is to manage the interest rate and currency risks arising from the 
Group’s operations and its sources of finance.  
 
The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and 
operational risk. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks which 
are summarized below: 
Market risk  
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and 
equity prices will affect the Group’s profit, equity or value of its holding of financial instruments. The objective 
of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk exposure within acceptable parameters, 
while optimizing return. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are subject to interest rate risk comprise bank deposits, loans 
receivable, investment measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, loans payables and 
borrowings.  The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the 
Group’s financial assets and liabilities with floating interest rates and fixed interest instruments maturing 
within three months from the end of the financial reporting year.  
 
The Group manages its interest rate risk by having a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans and 
borrowings. To manage this, the Group enters into interest rate swaps, in which the Group agrees to exchange, 
at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable rate interest amounts calculated by reference 
to an agreed upon notional amount. The swaps are designated to hedge underlying debt obligations. At 31 
December 2020, after taking into the effect of interest rate swaps, approximately 68% of the Group’s 
borrowings are at a fixed rate of interest (2019: 68%).  
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity to 
reasonably possible changes in interest rates by 25 basis points, with all other variables held constant.  The 
sensitivity of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity is the effect of the assumed changes in 
interest rates for one year, based on the floating rate financial assets and financial liabilities held at 31 
December. The effect of decreases in interest rates is expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the 
increases shown. 
 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
profit or loss 
 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
changes in equity 
 
+25bp 
 
+25 bp 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
At 31 December 2020 
  
 
USD LIBOR 
(19,848)  
- 
Others 
(3,973)  
- 
At 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
(19,864)  
- 
Others 
(5,231)  
- 
 
The Group has closely monitored the market and the output from the various industry working groups 
managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates. This includes announcements made by the IBOR 
regulators. The regulators have made clear that, at the end of 2021, it will no longer seek to persuade, or 
compel, banks to submit IBORs. 
 
F-142

--- Page 357 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
78 
 
39   FINANCIAL
 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
(CONTINUED) 
 
Foreign currency risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange 
rates relates primarily to the Group’s operating activities and the Group’s net investment in foreign 
subsidiaries. 
The Group had the following significant net exposure denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
Assets 
(Liabilities) 
 
Assets 
(Liabilities) 
Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) 
 5,204,437  
5,429,219 
Kuwaiti Dinar (KD) 
 15,545,503   
16,391,058 
US Dollars (USD)  
 (2,591,477) 
(2,229,049) 
Euro (EUR) 
 118,244  
202,093 
Great British Pounds (GBP) 
 8,947  
(668) 
Tunisian Dinar (TND) 
 3,369,811  
3,259,695 
Algerian Dinar (DZD) 
 1,611,978  
1,815,222 
Iraqi Dinar (IQD) 
 2,878,975  
950,924 
Myanmar Kyat (MMK) 
 1,245,241  
1,540,213 
Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) 
 246,691  
265,849 
Singapore Dollar (SGD) 
 1,428,150  
1,389,182 
United Arab Emirates Dirham (AED) 
 976,504  
872,526 
Others 
 (79,443) 
1,904 
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity for a 
reasonably possible change in the following currencies against Qatari Riyal, with all other variables held 
constant, of the Group’s profit due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities and the Group’s 
equity on account of translation of foreign subsidiaries.  
 
The effect of decreases in foreign exchange rates is expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the 
increases shown: 
 
Effect on consolidated 
statement of profit or loss 
 
Effect on consolidated statement 
of changes in equity 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
+ 10% 
 
+ 10% 
 
+ 10% 
 
+ 10% 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) 
 -   
- 
 
 520,444  
 
542,922 
Kuwaiti Dinar (KD) 
 2,198   
2,457 
 
 1,552,352  
 
1,636,649 
US Dollars (USD) 
(298,711)  
(262,988) 
 
 39,563  
 
40,083 
Euro (EUR) 
 5,502   
10,972 
 
 6,323  
 
9,237 
Great British Pounds (GBP) 
 895   
(67) 
 
 -    
 
- 
Tunisian Dinar (TND) 
 -   
- 
 
 336,981  
 
325,970 
Algerian Dinar (DZD) 
 885   
978 
 
 160,313  
 
180,544 
Iraqi Dinar (IQD) 
 -   
8,172 
 
 287,898  
 
86,920 
Myanmar Kyat (MMK) 
 12,468   
7,213 
 
 112,056  
 
146,809 
Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) 
 -   
- 
 
 24,669  
 
26,585 
Singapore Dollar (SGD) 
 -   
- 
 
 142,815  
 
138,918 
United Arab Emirates Dirham 
(AED) 
 -  
 
- 
 
 97,650  
 
87,253 
 
 
 
F-143

--- Page 358 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
79 
 
39   FINANCIAL
 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
(CONTINUED) 
 
Equity price risk 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the fair value reserve to reasonably possible changes in 
quoted equity share prices, with all other variables held constant. The effect of decreases in equity prices is 
expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the increases shown. 
 
Changes in 
equity indices 
 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
changes in 
equity 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
2020 
 
 
 
Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) 
10% 
 
202 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
 
 
Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) 
10% 
 
136 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause the 
other party to incur a financial loss.  The Group’s exposure to credit risk is as indicated by the carrying amount 
of its assets which consist principally of trade receivables, bank balances, financial assets at FVTOCI, financial 
assets at FVTPL and loans receivable and positive fair value of derivatives. 
The Group provides telecommunication services to various customers. It is the Group’s policy that all 
customers who obtain the goods and / or services on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. 
In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the purchase of service limits are 
established for each customer, which are reviewed regularly based on the level of past transactions and 
settlement. The Group’s maximum exposure with regard to the trade receivables net of allowance for 
impairment as at 31 December is as follows: 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Qatar  
 
 1,430,088  
 
1,729,509 
Other countries 
 
 1,355,864  
 
1,387,969 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,785,952 
 
3,117,478 
 
With respect to credit risk arising from the other financial assets, the Group’s exposure arises from default of 
the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments are as follows: 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Bank balances (excluding cash on hand) 
15,233,493 
 
14,495,099 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group reduces the exposure of credit risk arising from bank balances by maintaining bank accounts in 
reputed banks, and 59% (2019: 41%) of bank balances represents balances maintained with local banks in 
Qatar with a rating of at least BBB+. Credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments is at any time, 
limited to those with derivative assets, as recorded on the consolidated statement of financial position.  With 
gross settled derivatives, the Group is also exposed to settlement risk.  
 
 
F-144

--- Page 359 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
80 
 
39    FINANCIAL
 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
(CONTINUED) 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Amounts due from international carriers  
500,184 
 
652,184 
Unbilled subscriber revenue 
736,542 
 
936,294 
 
 
 
 
 
1,236,726 
 
1,588,478 
 
The exposure of credit risk from amounts due from international carriers is minimal as the amounts are driven 
by contractual arrangements.  For unbilled revenues, this is automatically billed based on the customers billing 
cycle and thus have a very minimal credit risk.  
 
Credit risk measurement  
The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether 
there is a significant increase in credit risk the company compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset 
as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available 
reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the following indicators are 
incorporated: 
- internal credit rating; 
- external credit rating (as far as available); 
- actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are 
expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations; 
- actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower; 
- significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower; 
- significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-party 
guarantees or credit enhancements; and 
- significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower, including changes in the 
payment status of borrowers in the group and changes in the operating results of the borrower. 
 
Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated as part of the 
internal rating model. Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit 
risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are 
more than 30 to 90 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that 
demonstrates otherwise.  
 
 
F-145

--- Page 360 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                                       
 
81 
 
39 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  (CONTINUED) 
 
Credit risk management 
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in 
financial loss to the Group. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without 
taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements, which will cause a financial loss to the 
Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties and financial guarantees provided by 
the Group arises from the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the 
consolidated statement of financial position. Considering the Group’s large and unrelated customer base, 
the concentration of credit risk is limited. 
 
Credit risk grades  
Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of default. 
These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. Exposures are subject 
to on-going monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit risk grade.  
 
The tables below detail the credit quality of the Group’s financial assets, as well as the Group’s maximum 
exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades: 
31 December 2020 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month or lifetime 
ECL 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net 
carrying 
amount  
 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash and bank balances 
Caa1 – Aa1 
N/A 
12-month ECL 
 15,683,698  
 (5,210)  15,678,488  
Trade receivables (i) 
N/A 
Note (i) 
Lifetime ECL 
(simplified approach) 
4,763,386  (1,977,434) 
 2,785,952  
 
31 December 2019 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month or lifetime 
ECL 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net 
carrying 
amount  
 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash and bank balances 
Caa1 – Aa1 
N/A 
12-month ECL 
14,721,596 
(5,448) 14,716,148 
Trade receivables (i) 
N/A 
Note (i) 
Lifetime ECL 
(simplified approach) 
4,967,393 
(1,849,915) 
3,117,478 
(i) For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss 
allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the expected credit losses on these items by using a 
provision matrix, estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past due status of the 
debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current conditions and estimates of future economic conditions. 
Accordingly, the credit risk profile of these assets is presented based on their past due status in terms of 
the provision matrix. Note 22 includes further details on the loss allowance for these assets respectively. 
The carrying amount of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL and FVTOCI, as disclosed in note 17, has 
no credit risk. The Group holds no collateral over any of these balances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-146

--- Page 361 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                                       
 
82 
 
39 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  (CONTINUED) 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. The 
Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient 
liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring 
unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation. The Group’s objective is to maintain a 
balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of the Group’s own reserves and bank 
facilities. The Group’s terms of sales require amounts to be paid within 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.   
The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December based on 
contractual undiscounted payments: 
 
On 
demand 
 Less than 1 
year 
 
1 to 2 
years 
 
2 to 5 
years 
 
> 5 years 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
 291,188   
 6,010,988   
 6,181,136   14,351,701  
 8,118,385   34,953,398  
Trade payables 
 -   
3,959,703 
 
-  
-  
-  
 3,959,703 
License costs payable 
 -   
 1,359,303 
 
 614,539  
916,464  
 883,098  
 3,773,404 
Lease liabilities 
 -   
 1,647,189   
 1,837,102  
 3,094,825  
3,603,247   10,182,363 
Other financial liabilities 
-   
 754,768 
 
 222,694  
-  
-  
977,462 
 
 291,188   13,731,951 
 
  8,855,471  18,362,990   12,604,730   53,846,330 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
On 
demand 
 
Less than 1 
year 
 
1 to 2 
years 
 
2 to 5 
years 
 
> 5 years 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
292,417 
 
6,526,863 
 
5,651,562 
 13,548,591 
 11,636,159 
 37,655,592 
Trade payables 
- 
 
2,727,934 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
2,727,934 
License costs payable 
- 
 
408,618 
 
299,281 
 
897,841 
 
1,231,864 
 
2,837,604 
Lease liabilities 
- 
 
1,429,929 
 
1,730,768 
 
2,488,618 
 
3,394,522 
 
9,043,837 
Other financial liabilities 
- 
 
697,141 
 
200,959 
 
- 
 
- 
 
898,100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
292,417 
 11,790,485 
 7,882,570 
 16,935,050 
 16,262,545 
 53,163,067 
Capital management 
The Group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern while maximizing the 
return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The Group makes adjustments to 
its capital structure, in light of changes in economic and business conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital 
structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, or issue new shares. No changes were 
made in the objectives, policies or processes during the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group that amounted to QR. 28,200,823 thousand at 31 December 
2020 (2019: QR. 29,104,986 thousand).   
The Group's management reviews the capital structure of the Group on a semi-annual basis. As part of this 
review, the committee considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The gearing 
ratio as at 31 December 2020 is 75% (2019: 78%). 
 
 
 
 
 
F-147

--- Page 362 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
83 
 
39 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  (CONTINUED) 
Gearing ratio 
The gearing ratio at year end was as follows: 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Debt (i) 
 36,875,200  
 
37,396,578 
Cash and bank balances 
 (15,678,488) 
 
(14,716,148) 
Net debt 
 21,196,712  
 
22,680,430 
Equity (ii) 
28,200,823 
 
29,104,986 
Net debt to equity ratio 
75% 
 
78% 
(i)  Debt is the long term debt obtained and lease liabilities, as detailed in note 28 and 32, respectively.  
(ii)  Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group that are managed as capital. 
 
40 FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
Fair values 
Set out below is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Group’s financial 
instruments that are carried in the consolidated financial statements: 
 
 
 
Carrying amounts  
 
Fair values  
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Financial assets – equity instruments 
789,007 
 
904,440 
 
789,007  
904,440 
Trade and other receivables 
 4,022,678 
 
4,705,956 
 
 4,022,678  
4,705,956 
Bank balances and cash 
 15,678,488 
 
14,716,148 
 
 15,678,488  
14,716,148 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Loans and borrowings 
 29,514,797 
 
30,747,275 
 
 31,449,173  
31,942,380 
Other non-current liabilities 
 1,643,092 
 
1,587,053 
 
 1,643,092  
1,587,053 
Derivative financial instruments 
 136,457 
 
98,760 
 
 136,457  
98,760 
Long term incentive points-based 
payments 
 201,897 
 
222,859 
 
 201,897  
222,859 
Trade and other payables 
  7,245,977 
 
5,156,932 
 
  7,245,977  
5,156,932 
Income tax payable 
1,082,491 
 
1,544,765 
 
1,082,491  
1,544,765 
 
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values. 
• 
Cash and short-term deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, and other current liabilities approximate 
their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
• 
Long-term fixed-rate and variable-rate receivables are evaluated by the Group based on parameters such 
as interest rates, specific country risk factors, and individual creditworthiness of the customer and the risk 
characteristics of the financed project. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to account for the 
expected losses of these receivables. At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of such 
receivables, net of allowances, approximate their fair values. 
• 
Fair value of quoted investments is based on price quotations at the end of the reporting period. The fair 
value of loans from banks and other financial debts, as well as other non-current financial liabilities is 
estimated by discounting future cash flows using rates applicable for similar risks and maturity profiles.  
Fair values of unquoted financial assets are estimated using appropriate valuation techniques. 
 
 
F-148

--- Page 363 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
84 
 
40    FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
• 
The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial 
institutions with investment grade credit ratings.  Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with 
market observable inputs are mainly interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forward, contracts for 
differences and currency swaps.  The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing 
and swap models using present value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs including the 
credit quality of counter parties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves.  
Fair value hierarchy 
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by 
valuation technique. 
Level 1: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group 
can access at the measurement date. 
Level 2: 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets of liability, 
either directly or indirectly. 
Level 3: 
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 
The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities at  
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
31 
December 
2020 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair value: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
 703,178 
 
 -    
 214,567  
 
 488,611  
FVTPL 
 85,829   
 2,017  
 
 83,809  
 
 3  
789,007   
 2,017  
 
 298,376  
 
488,614  
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities measured at    
fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
 136,457   
 -   
 136,457  
 
 -   
Other financial liability for which fair 
value is disclosed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
 31,528,169    20,409,536   
11,118,633 
 
 -   
31,664,626     20,409,536   
11,255,090    
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-149

--- Page 364 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
85 
 
40    FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
 
 
 
 
31 
December 
2019 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
828,789 
 
- 
 
210,487 
 
618,302 
FVTPL 
75,651 
 
1,362 
 
74,286 
 
3 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
904,440 
 
1,362 
 
284,773 
 
618,305 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities measured at 
fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
98,760 
 
- 
 
98,760 
 
- 
Other financial liability for which fair 
value is disclosed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
31,942,380 
 
21,071,722 
 
10,870,658 
 
- 
32,041,140 
 
21,071,722 
 
10,969,418 
 
- 
There is no transfer from Level 1, 2 and 3 during the financial period. 
For fair value measurements categorised within Level 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the fair values are 
determined using appropriate valuation techniques, which include the use of mathematical models, such as 
discounted cash flow models and option pricing models, comparison to similar instruments for which market 
observables prices exist and other valuation techniques. Valuation techniques uses incorporate assumptions 
regarding discount rates, estimates of future cash flows as other factors.  
  
 
F-150

--- Page 365 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
86 
 
41 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
 
Related party transactions and balances  
Related parties represent associated companies including Government and semi Government agencies, associates, 
major shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and companies of which they are 
principal owners.  In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into transactions with related parties. Pricing 
policies and terms of transactions are approved by the Group’s management. The Group enters into commercial 
transactions with the Qatar Government related entities in the ordinary course of business in terms of providing 
telecommunication services, placement of deposits and obtaining credit facilities etc. 
 
a) Transactions with Government and related entities 
As stated in Note 1, Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the Parent Company of the Group, which is controlled by Qatar 
Investment Authority. The Group enters into commercial transactions with the Government and other Government 
related entities in the ordinary course of business, which includes providing telecommunication services, 
placement of deposits and obtaining credit facilities. All these transactions are at arm’s length and in the normal 
course of business. Following are the significant balances and transactions between the Company and the 
Government and other Government related entities. 
(i) Trade receivables include an amount of QR. 554,739 thousand (2019: QR. 772,653 thousand) receivable from 
Government and Government related entities. 
(ii) The most significant amount of revenue from a Government related entity was earned from a contract with the 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, amounting to QR. 93,474 thousand (2019: QR. 81,531 thousand).  
(ii) Industry fee (Note 10) pertains to the industry fee payable to CRA, a Government related entity. 
In accordance with IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, the Group has elected not to disclose transactions with the 
Qatar Government and other entities over which the Qatar Government exerts control, joint control or significant 
influence. The nature of transactions that the Group has with such related parties relates to provision of 
telecommunication services. 
 
b)  Transactions with Directors and other key management personnel  
Key management personnel comprise the Board of Directors and key members of management having authority 
and responsibility of planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group. 
 
Director’s remuneration including committee fees of QR.18,593 thousand was proposed for the year ended 31 
December 2020 (2019: QR. 19,909 thousand). The compensation and benefits related to Board of Directors and 
key management personnel amounted to QR. 394,716 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: QR. 
379,888 thousand), and end of service benefits QR. 15,529 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: 
QR. 25,289 thousand). The remuneration to the Board of Directors and key management personnel has been 
included under the caption “Selling, general and administrative expenses”. 
 
2
4  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES 
 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the management to 
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and 
disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause the 
assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are reflected in 
the consolidated financial statements as they become reasonably determinable. 
 
Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, 
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
Judgments 
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgments, 
apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in 
the consolidated financial statements: 
 
 
 
 
F-151

--- Page 366 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
87 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Classification of associates, joint ventures and subsidiaries 
The appropriate classification of certain investments as subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures requires 
significant analysis and management judgment as to whether the Group exercises control, significant influence 
or joint control over these investments. This may involve consideration of a number of factors, including 
ownership and voting rights, the extent of Board representation, contractual arrangements and indicators of de 
facto control. 
 
Recognition of revenue  
Management considers recognizing revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met, otherwise revenue 
will be recognized at a point in time: 
a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as 
the Group performs; 
b) the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or 
enhanced; or 
c)    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has an 
enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. 
 
Capitalisation of costs  
Management determines whether the Group will recognise an asset from the costs incurred to fulfil a contract 
and costs incurred to obtain a contract if the costs meet all the following criteria: 
a) the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically identify; 
b) the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations 
in the future; and 
c) the costs are expected to be recovered. 
Such asset will be amortised on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the 
goods or services to which the asset relates. 
 
Credit risk measurement 
The assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further estimations as to the likelihood of defaults 
occurring, of the associated loss ratios and of default correlations between counterparties. The Group measures 
credit risk using Probability of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”) and Loss Given Default 
(“LGD”).  
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Contract variations  
Contract variations are recognised as revenues only to the extent that it is probable that they will not result in 
a significant reversal of revenue in subsequent periods. Management considers prior experience, application 
of contract terms and the relationship with the customers in making their judgment. 
Contract claims  
Contract claims are recognised as revenue only when management believes that only to the extent that it is 
probable that they will not result in a significant reversal of revenue in subsequent periods. Management 
reviews the judgment related to these contract claims periodically and adjustments are made in the future 
periods, if assessments indicate that such adjustments are appropriate. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-152

--- Page 367 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
88 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Judgments in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations  
Per note 4, the Group generally recognise revenue over time as it performs continuous transfer of control of 
these services to the customers. Because customers simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits 
provided by these services and the control transfer takes place over time, revenue is also recognised based on 
the extent of service transfer/ completion of transfer of each performance obligation. In determining the 
method for measuring progress for these POs, we have considered the nature of these services as well as the 
nature of its performance. 
 
For performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, the Group considers the general requirements of 
control (i.e. direct the use of asset and obtain substantially all benefits) and the following non-exhaustive list 
of indicators of transfer of control: 
• 
Entity has present right to payment 
• 
Customer has legal title 
• 
Entity has transferred legal possession 
• 
Customer has significant risk and rewards 
• 
Customer has accepted the asset 
In making their judgment, the directors considered the detailed criteria for the recognition of revenue set out 
in IFRS 15 and, in particular, whether the Group had transferred control of the goods to the customer. 
Following the detailed quantification of the Group’s liability in respect of rectification work, and the agreed 
limitation on the customer’s ability to require further work or to require replacement of the goods, the directors 
are satisfied that control has been transferred and that recognition of the revenue in the current year is 
appropriate, in conjunction with the recognition of an appropriate warranty provision for the rectification costs. 
Principal versus agent  
Significant judgments are made by management when concluding whether the Group is transacting as an agent 
or a principal. The assessment is performed for each separate revenue stream in the Group. The assessment 
requires an analysis of key indicators, specifically whether the Group: 
• 
carries any inventory risk; 
• 
has the primary responsibility for providing the goods or services to the customer; 
• 
has the latitude to establish pricing; and 
• 
bears the customer’s credit risk. 
These indicators are used to determine whether the Group has exposure to the significant risks and rewards 
associated with the sale of goods or rendering of services. For example, any sale relating to inventory that is 
held by the Group, not on consignment, is a strong indicator that the Group is acting as a principal. 
 
Determining the lease term  
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic 
incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension and termination 
options are included in several leases across various classes of right-of-use assets across the Group. These 
terms are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. In cases where lease 
contracts have indefinite term or are subject to auto renewal, lease term is determined considering the business 
case and reasonably certain renewal of lease. 
 
Assets held for sale 
Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered 
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only when the 
sale is highly probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition. 
In making judgement, management must be committed to the sale which should be expected to qualify for 
recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification. 
When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets and 
liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, regardless 
of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after the sale. 
 
F-153

--- Page 368 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
89 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Assets held for sale (continued) 
A portion of assets relating to Artajasa Pembayaran Elektronis (“APE”), a subsidiary of Indosat Ooredoo 
before 2017, were classified as held for sale in 2017 following the approval by the Extraordinary General 
Shareholders’ Meeting of APE in order to divest portion of Indosat Ooredoo’s investment based on 
requirements of local jurisdiction. The classification resulted in loss of Indosat Ooredoo’s control over APE 
and it was classified as an associate. Subsequently, on 28 May 2020, the Board of Commissioners of Lintasarta 
approved the plan to sell Indosat Ooredoo’s entire investment in APE’s shares. The related assets held for sale 
are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. 
Estimates 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other sources of estimation uncertainty at the financial position 
date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year are discussed below. 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at each reporting 
date. Goodwill and other indefinite life intangibles are tested for impairment annually and at other times when 
such indicators exist.  
The factors that the Group considers important which could trigger an impairment review include the following: 
• 
significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the asset; 
• 
market interest rates or other market rates of return on investments have increased during the period, and 
those increases are likely to affect the discount rate used in calculating the asset’s value in use and decrease 
the asset’s recoverable amount materially; 
• 
significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; 
• 
significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for overall business; and 
• 
significant negative industry or economic trends. 
The Group determines an impairment loss whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable 
amount. The recoverable amount has been determined based on value in use calculations. The cash flows are 
derived from the budget for the next five years and do not include restructuring activities that the Group is not 
yet committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the asset base of the cash-generating unit 
being tested. The recoverable amount of investment is determined based on the net present value of future cash 
flows, management assumptions made, including management’s expectations of the investment’s: 
• 
growth in earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”), calculated as adjusted 
operating profit before depreciation and amortisation; 
• 
timing and quantum of future capital expenditures; 
• 
long term growth rates ranges during discrete period and terminal period; and 
• 
the selection of discount rates reflects the risks involved. 
The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model as well 
as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes. Refer note 16 for the 
impairment assessment for investment in an associate.  
 
In the case of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, at a minimum, such assets are subject to 
an annual impairment test and more frequently whenever there is an indication that such asset may be 
impaired. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill 
is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash 
flows from the cash-generating unit and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present 
value of those cash flows (Note 13). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-154

--- Page 369 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
90 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment property 
The Group's management determines the estimated useful lives of its property, plant and equipment and 
investment properties based on the period over which the assets are expected to be available for use. The 
estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment properties are reviewed at least annually 
and are updated if expectations differ from previous estimates due to physical wear and tear and technical or 
commercial obsolescence on the use of these assets. It is possible that future results of operations could be 
materially affected by changes in these estimates brought about by changes in factors mentioned above. A 
reduction in the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment properties would 
increase depreciation expense and decrease noncurrent assets. 
 
Useful lives of intangible assets 
The Group's management determines the estimated useful lives of its intangible assets for calculating 
amortisation. This estimate is determined based on the expected pattern of consumption of future economic 
benefits embodied in the asset. 
 
Provision and contingent liabilities 
The Group’s management determines provision on best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present 
obligation as a result of the past event at the reporting date.  
 
The Group’s management measures contingent liabilities as a possible obligation depending on whether some 
uncertain future event occurs or a present obligation but payment is not probable or the amount cannot be 
measured reliably. 
 
Decommissioning liability 
The Group records full provision for the future costs of decommissioning for network and other assets. The 
assumptions based on the current economic environment have been made, which management believes are a 
reasonable basis upon which to estimate the future liability. These estimates are reviewed regularly to take into 
account any material changes to the assumptions. However, actual decommissioning costs will ultimately 
depend upon future market prices for the necessary decommissioning works required that will reflect market 
conditions at the relevant time. Furthermore, the timing of decommissioning is likely to depend on when the 
network assets cease to produce at economically viable rates. This, in turn, will depend upon future 
technologies, which are inherently uncertain.  
Fair value of unquoted equity investments 
Where the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the consolidated statement of 
financial position cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined using valuation techniques 
including the discounted cash flows model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets 
where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required in establishing fair values. The 
judgments include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in 
assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments. 
 
 
Deferred tax assets 
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. The Group believes that sufficient 
taxable profit will be available to allow or part of the deferred tax assets to be utilized. Significant management 
judgment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the 
likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-155

--- Page 370 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
91 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
Impairment of inventories 
Inventories are held at the lower of cost and net realisable value. When inventories become old or obsolete, an 
estimate is made of their net realisable value.  For individually significant amounts, this estimation is performed 
on an individual basis. Inventories which are not individually significant, but which are old or obsolete, are 
assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the inventory type and the degree of ageing or 
obsolescence, based on historical selling prices.   
 
Licences and spectrum fees 
The estimated useful life is generally the term of the licence unless there is a presumption of renewal at 
negligible cost. Using the licence term reflects the period over which the Group will receive economic benefit. 
For technology specific licences with a presumption of renewal at negligible cost, the estimated useful 
economic life reflects the Group’s expectation of the period over which the Group will continue to receive 
economic benefit from the licence. The economic lives are periodically reviewed taking into consideration such 
factors as changes in technology. Historically any changes to economic lives have not been material following 
these reviews. 
 
Uncertain tax exposures 
In certain circumstances, the Group may not be able to determine the exact amount of its current or future tax 
liabilities or recoverable amount of the claim refund due to ongoing investigations by, or discussions with the 
various taxation authorities.  In determining the amount to be recognized in respect of uncertain tax liability or the 
recoverable amount of the claim for tax refund related to uncertain tax positions, the Group applies similar 
considerations as it would use in determining the amount of a provision to be recognized in accordance with 
IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment, IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets and IAS 12 Income Taxes.   
Estimation of financial information 
The Group accounts for its investment in associate using equity accounting as required by IAS 28. For the 
investment where information is not available at the reporting date, the Group has estimated the financial 
information based on the historical trends, quarterly financial information, budgets and future forecasts.  
Management believes that estimated financial information is reasonable. 
 
Customer loyalty programme  
The Company allocates a portion of the transaction price to the loyalty programme based on relative standalone 
selling price (“SSP”). The Company estimates the SSP of loyalty points by estimating the weighted average 
cost for redemption of the points based on the actual value of the products redeemed during the year. Inputs to 
the models include making assumptions about expected redemption rates and the mix of products that will be 
available for redemption in the future. 
 
 
F-156

--- Page 371 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
92 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
Business model assessment  
Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI and the business model 
test. The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of financial assets are 
managed together to achieve a particular business objective. This assessment includes judgment reflecting all 
relevant evidence including how the performance of the assets is evaluated and their performance measured, 
the risks that affect the performance of the assets and how these are managed and how the managers of the 
assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial assets measured at amortised cost or fair value through 
other comprehensive income that are derecognised prior to their maturity to understand the reason for their 
disposal and whether the reasons are consistent with the objective of the business for which the asset was held. 
Monitoring is part of the Group’s continuous assessment of whether the business model for which the remaining 
financial assets are held continues to be appropriate and if it is not appropriate whether there has been a change 
in business model and so a prospective change to the classification of those assets.  
Significant increase in credit risk  
As explained in note 3, ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets, or lifetime 
ECL assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly 
since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit risk. In 
assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account qualitative 
and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information. 
Calculation of loss allowance  
Probability of default constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. Probability of default is an estimate of the 
likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions 
and expectations of future conditions.  
 
When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based 
on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each 
other.  
 
Loss given default is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the 
contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows 
from collateral and integral credit enhancements. 
Fair value measurement 
Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In 
estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is 
available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages qualified external valuers to perform the 
valuation. The management/ valuation committee if any works closely with the qualified external valuers to 
establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. Information about the valuation 
techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liabilities are disclosed in 
respective notes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-157

--- Page 372 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
93 
 
43 
SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON – 
CONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 
The following table summarizes the information relating to each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have 
material non-controlling interests, before any intra-group eliminations: 
 
 
Asiacell 
NMTC* 
Indosat Ooredoo 
Ooredoo Oman 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 4,028,695  
 11,369,194  
 15,495,866  
 3,910,737  
Current assets 
4,955,081 
 3,255,966  
 2,344,927  
 604,329  
Non-current liabilities 
 (70,431) 
 (3,240,500) 
  (8,310,953) 
 (674,057) 
Current liabilities 
(5,690,634) 
 (4,780,743) 
(6,330,358) 
 (1,403,617) 
Net assets 
3,222,711  
6,603,917  
 3,199,482  
 2,437,392  
Carrying amount of 
NCI 
1,158,270  
1,427,282  
1,391,662  
1,097,668  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
4,019,839 
7,039,902  
6,983,284  
2,508,775  
Profit  
725,674  
82,638  
(150,762)  
201,271  
Profit allocated to NCI 
 260,813 
33,726  
(38,599)  
89,345 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Asiacell 
NMTC* 
Indosat Ooredoo 
Ooredoo Oman 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
4,296,512  
11,794,449  
15,037,448  
3,298,525  
Current assets 
5,446,791  
3,472,561  
3,129,350  
886,819  
Non-current liabilities 
(151,614) 
(3,269,276) 
(8,499,951) 
(439,057) 
Current liabilities 
(5,482,301) 
(5,122,495) 
(6,224,950) 
(1,265,885) 
Net assets 
 
4,109,388  
 
6,875,239  
 
3,441,897  
 
2,480,402  
Carrying amount of 
NCI 
1,476,949 
1,490,241 
1,462,534 
1,119,253 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
4,572,388 
7,591,631 
6,727,520 
2,703,084 
Profit  
 
524,423 
416,387 
423,632 
321,416 
Profit allocated to NCI 
188,482 
64,478  
158,586 
143,775  
 
 
 
 
 
 
* This includes the Group’s subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest (NCI) within NMTC sub-group 
(Wataniya Telecom Algerie S.P.A. (“Ooredoo Algeria”), Ooredoo Tunisie S.A. (“Ooredoo Tunisia”), 
Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Public Shareholding Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”), 
before any intra-group eliminations.  
 
 
 
 
 
F-158

--- Page 373 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
 
 
94 
44     SEGMENT INFORMATION  
 
Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments is set out below in accordance with IFRS 8 Operating 
Segments. IFRS 8 requires reportable segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports that are 
regularly reviewed by the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) and used to allocate 
resources to the segments and to assess their performance. 
 
The Group is engaged in a single line of business, being the supply of telecommunications services and 
related products. The majority of the Group’s revenues, profits and assets relate to its operations in the 
MENA. Outside of Qatar, the Group operates through its subsidiaries and associates and major operations 
that are reported to the Group’s CODM are considered by the Group to be reportable segment. Revenue is 
attributed to reportable segments based on the location of the Group companies. Inter-segment sales are 
charged at arms’ length prices. 
 
For management reporting purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their geographical area 
covered, and has six reportable segments as follows: 
 
1. 
Ooredoo Qatar is a provider of domestic and international telecommunication services within the State 
of Qatar; 
2. 
Asiacell is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Iraq; 
3. 
Indosat Ooredoo is a provider of telecommunication services such as cellular services, fixed 
telecommunications, multimedia, data communication and internet services in Indonesia. 
4. 
Ooredoo Oman is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Oman;  
5. 
Ooredoo Algeria is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Algeria; 
6. 
Ooredoo Myanmar is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Myanmar; and  
7. 
Others include some of the Group’s subsidiaries which are providers of wireless and telecommunication 
services. 
NMTC group is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Kuwait and elsewhere in the MENA 
region. NMTC group includes balances and results of Ooredoo Kuwait, Ooredoo Tunisia, Ooredoo Algeria, 
Wataniya Palestine, Ooredoo Maldives PLC and others. In 2020, based on the recent information and 
circumstances, management reassessed and concluded that each of the aforementioned entity represents a 
separate operating segment and should be assessed individually whether it meets the criteria of IFRS 8 
Operating Segments, as a reportable segment.  If not, such is reported as part of “Others”. 
 
Management monitors the operating results of its operating subsidiaries separately for the purpose of making 
decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on 
operating profit or loss of these reportable segments. Transfer pricing between reportable segments are on an 
arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.  
 
The Group has written down its assets to its recoverable amount and recorded an impairment loss when the 
recoverable amount of assets is lower than its carrying amount.
F-159

--- Page 374 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
95 
 
44     SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Operating segments  
The following tables present revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
 
 
Asiacell 
 
Ooredoo 
Algeria  
 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar  
 
Others 
 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Revenue from rendering of telecom services 
6,751,825  
4,018,558  
2,223,543   6,814,718    2,375,379    1,155,769   
 4,063,421   
-  
 27,403,213  
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
110,569  
-  
7,300  
 29,257   
 108,290   
 3,050   
 1,012,557   
-  
 1,271,023  
Revenue from use of assets by others 
15,008  
-  
-  
 136,123   
 21,501   
 11,414   
 8,283   
-  
 192,329  
Inter-segment 
195,106  
1,281  
24,759  
 3,186   
 3,605   
 1,281   
 301,371   
(530,589) (i) 
 -  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
Total revenue 
7,072,508  
4,019,839  
2,255,602  
6,983,284   
2,508,775   1,171,514   
5,385,632   
(530,589)   
28,866,565  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
Timing of revenue recognition 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
At a point in time 
276,243  
-  
7,300  
29,257  
108,290  
3,050  
1,072,057  
(225,174) 
 
1,271,023 
Over time 
6,796,265  
4,019,839  
2,248,302  
6,954,027  
2,400,485  1,168,464  
4,313,575  
(305,415) 
 
27,595,542 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
7,072,508  
4,019,839  
2,255,602  
6,983,284  
2,508,775  1,171,514  
5,385,632  
(530,589) 
 
28,866,565 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Results 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Segment profit (loss) before tax* 
 1,922,718  
 688,586   
 28,704    (145,200)  
 353,899    (330,892)  
(153,892)  
(738,894) (ii) 
1,625,029 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 897,171   
 908,108   
 681,346    2,722,584   
 712,637   
 900,254   
 996,857   
 426,503  (iii) 8,245,460 
Net finance costs 
711,626  
4,595  
35,885  
816,489  
37,610  
222,862  
66,509  
-   
1,895,576 
* 
Segment profit / loss before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment including depreciation, amortisation and impairment of assets and finance 
cost. 
** During 2020, the Group has reassessed its level of aggregation of its segment information under IFRS 8, Operating Segments for NMTC Group and as described above. The 
Group has revised and concluded that each of NMTC’s subsidiary is a separate operating segment and hence accounted and disclosed individually. This has been reflected in 
the current and comparative periods.  
F-160

--- Page 375 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
96 
 
44    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
 
 
Asiacell 
 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar  
 
Others 
 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Revenue from rendering of telecom 
services 
7,054,139   
4,562,709   
 2,430,787   
6,328,123   
2,574,223   1,041,864    4,246,301   
- 
 28,238,146  
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
121,487   
-  
 47,760   
152,706   
104,799   
5,203   
 948,051   
- 
 
1,380,006  
Revenue from use of assets by others 
19,112   
-  
 -   
242,840   
16,710   
11,610   
 7,117   
- 
 
297,389  
Inter-segment 
105,974   
9,679   
 22,037   
3,851   
7,352   
3,187   
 325,668   
(477,748)  (i) 
- 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Total revenue 
7,300,712   
4,572,388   
2,500,584  
6,727,520   
2,703,084   1,061,864   
5,527,13
7  
(477,748) 
 
29,915,541  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
Timing of revenue recognition 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
At a point in time 
185,527   
-  
 47,760   
152,706   
104,799   
5,203   
988,399  
(104,388) 
 
1,380,006  
Over time 
7,115,185   
4,572,388   
 2,452,824   
6,574,814   
2,598,285   1,056,661   4,538,738  
(373,360) 
 
28,535,535  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
7,300,712   
4,572,388   
2,500,584  
6,727,520   
2,703,084   1,061,864   5,527,137  
(477,748) 
 
29,915,541  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Results 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Segment profit (loss) before tax* 
1,974,869   
693,815   
81,686  
412,708   
506,476   (889,668)  
316,904  
(450,687)  (ii)
2,646,103  
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
895,539   
1,320,187   
743,295  
2,711,410   
677,581   
818,055   
971,182  
450,400  (iii)
8,587,649  
 
Net finance costs 
828,041   
48,620   
142,023  
799,450   
30,324   
239,918   
(710)  
- 
2,087,666  
* 
Segment profit / loss before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment including depreciation, amortisation and impairment of assets and finance 
cost. 
 
F-161

--- Page 376 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                               
 
97 
 
44    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
Note: 
(i) Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. 
(ii) Segment profit before tax does not include the following: 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Amortisation of intangibles 
(426,794) 
 
(450,687) 
Impairment of intangibles 
(312,100) 
 
- 
 
(738,894)  
 
 
(450,687) 
 
(iii) Amortisation relating to additional intangibles identified from business combination was not considered as part of segment expense. 
The following table presents segment assets of the Group’s operating segments as at 31 December 2020 and 2019. 
 
 
 
Ooredoo Qatar  
 
 
Asiacell 
 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar 
 
 
 
Others 
 
Adjustments 
and 
Eliminations 
 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment assets (i) 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
At 31 December 2020 
18,362,392  
8,859,177   
3,949,676  
17,314,280  
4,496,988 
 
6,839,523  
10,640,763  
17,274,262  
87,737,061 
At 31 December 2019 
15,708,374   
9,592,206   
4,459,738  
17,637,300  
4,168,799  
 
6,733,000   
11,671,230  
18,010,975  
87,981,622  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
Capital expenditure (ii) 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
At 31 December 2020 
916,715  
1,309,303  
538,156  
2,269,327  
1,284,587 
 
188,272  
721,282  
-  
7,227,642 
At 31 December 2019 
1,577,191  
360,563  
580,918  
3,344,921  
538,958 
 
419,756  
646,025  
-  
7,468,332 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
Note: 
(i) 
Goodwill and other intangibles arising from business combination amounting to QR. 17,274,262 thousand (31 December 2019: QR. 18,010,975 thousand) was not 
considered as part of segment assets. 
 
(ii) Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment and intangibles excluding goodwill and assets arising from business combinations. 
F-162

--- Page 377 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                                        
 
98 
 
45     CONTRIBUTION TO SOCIAL AND SPORTS FUND 
 
According to Qatari Law No. 13 for the year 2008 and the related clarifications issued in January 2010, the Group 
is required to contribute 2.5% of its annual net profits to the state social and sports fund. The clarification relating 
to Law No. 13 requires the payable amount to be recognised as a distribution of income. Hence, this is recognised 
in statement of changes in equity. 
During the year, the Group appropriated an amount of QR. 40,358 thousand (2019: QR. 40,700 thousand) 
representing 2.5% of the net profit generated from Qatar Operations.  
 
46     SHARE SPLIT  
On 19 March 2019, the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company approved the par value of the ordinary 
share to be QR. 1 instead of QR. 10, as per the instructions of Qatar Financial Markets Authority, and amendment 
of the related Articles of Association.  
 The share split has been implemented on 4 July 2019 and this has led to an increase in the number of authorized 
shares from 500,000,000 shares to 5,000,000,000 ordinary shares and the total number of issued and fully paid 
up shares increased from 320,320,000 shares to 3,203,200,000 ordinary shares. 
 
47     RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash 
and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are for which cash flows were, or future cash 
flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing 
activities. 
 
1  
January 
2020 
 
Financing 
cash flows 
(i) 
 
Non-cash 
changes 
(ii) 
 
Other 
changes  
(iii) 
 
31 
December 
2020 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
(Note 28) 
 30,639,831  
 
 (961,280) 
 
- 
 
 (16,432) 
 
 29,662,119  
Deferred financing 
costs (Note 28) 
 (184,973) 
 
 (3,614) 
 
41,398 
 
 (133) 
 
 (147,322) 
Other non-current 
liabilities (Note 30) 
 2,658,393  
 
(344,326) 
 
- 
 
  236,686   
 
 2,550,753  
Lease liabilities  
(Note 32) 
6,649,303  
 
(1,280,481) 
 
2,343,263 
 
(351,682) 
 
7,360,403 
Notes: 
(i) 
The financing activities in the statement of cash flows mainly include the cash flows from loans and 
borrowings and other non-current liabilities.  
(ii) The non-cash changes pertain to the amortisation of deferred financing costs. 
(iii) Other changes include exchange adjustments and reclassification. 
 
48     IMPACT OF COVID-19 
  
On 11 March 2020, COVID-19 was declared as pandemic by the World Health Organisation and is causing 
disruptions to businesses and economic activities. The fiscal and monetary authorities, both domestic and 
international, have announced various support measures across the globe to counter possible adverse 
implications. The Group will continue to closely monitor as the situation progresses and has activated its 
business continuity planning and other risk management practices to manage the potential business operations 
disruption and financial performance in 2020. 
 
COVID-19 has brought about uncertainties in the global economic environment.  In light of the rapidly 
escalating situation, the Group has considered whether any adjustments and changes in judgments, estimates 
and risk management are required to be considered and reported in the consolidated financial statements. 
The Group’s business operations remain largely unaffected by the current situation. Below are the key 
assumptions about the future and other key sources of estimation that may have a significant risk of causing 
a material adjustments to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 
F-163

--- Page 378 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                                                                                        
 
99 
 
48     IMPACT OF COVID-19 (CONTINUED) 
 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
The Group has performed a qualitative assessment for its investment in CGUs, considering the minimal 
impact of COVID-19 on entities operating in telecommunication sector, and compared the actual results for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 against the budget and industry benchmarks and that conclude the 
impairment assessment as at 31 December 2019 remains unchanged.  
 
The Group has also considered any impairment indicators and any significant uncertainties impacting its 
property, plant and equipment (Note 12), investment property (Note 15) and right-of-use assets, especially 
arising from any changes in lease term (Note 14) and concluded that there is no material impact of COVID-
19. 
 
Expected Credit Losses (“ECL”) and impairment of financial assets 
The uncertainties caused by COVID-19 have required the Group to reassess the inputs and assumptions 
used for the determination of ECLs as at 31 December 2020. The Group has updated the relevant forward-
looking information of its international operations with respect to; the weightings of the relevant 
macroeconomic scenarios of the respective market in which it operates; significant increase in credit risk; 
and assessing the indicators of impairment for the exposures in potentially affected sectors. As a result, the 
Group has appropriately recorded a provision on impacted assets for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Further, due to volatility of foreign exchange rates, the Group has also assessed the impact of COVID-19 
on foreign exchange rates of the countries it operates in and recorded an appropriate adjustment towards the 
estimated forex loss on its financial assets and liabilities for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Income tax, commitments and contingent liabilities 
One of the Group’s subsidiaries had adjusted its income tax based on the revision corporate tax directives 
issued by the local regulatory authority. Refer to Note 19.  
 
Further, the Group has assessed the impact of any operational disruptions, including any contractual 
challenges and changes in business or commercial relationships among the Group entities, customers and 
suppliers, to determine if there is any potential increase in contingent liabilities and commitments. Refer to 
Note 37 and 38. 
 
Going concern 
The Group has performed an assessment of whether it is a going concern in the light of current economic 
conditions and all available information about future risks and uncertainties. The projections have been 
prepared covering the Group’s future performance, capital and liquidity. The impact of COVID-19 may 
continue to evolve, but at the present time the projections show that the Group has sufficient resources to 
continue in operational existence and its going concern position remains largely unaffected and unchanged 
from 31 December 2019. As a result, these interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been 
appropriately prepared on a going concern basis. 
 
The Group will continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 as the situation progresses to manage the 
potential business disruption COVID-19 outbreak may have on its ‘operations and financial performance in 
2021.  
 
 
 
F-164

--- Page 379 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C. 
DOHA - QATAR 
  
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT  
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
31 DECEMBER 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-165

--- Page 380 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page (s) 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                 -  
 
Consolidated financial statements  
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss  
   1 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
     2 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
           3 - 4 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
5 - 6 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
7 - 8 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
9 - 93
F-166

--- Page 381 ---
F-167

--- Page 382 ---
F-168

--- Page 383 ---
F-169

--- Page 384 ---
F-170

--- Page 385 ---
F-171

--- Page 386 ---
F-172

--- Page 387 ---
F-173

--- Page 388 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
The attached notes 1 to 47 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
1
 
Note 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue  
4 
 
 29,915,541 
 
29,926,724 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating expenses 
5 
 
 (11,031,177) 
 
(11,803,510) 
Selling, general and administrative expenses 
6 
 
 (6,094,186) 
 
(6,409,712) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
7 
 
 (8,587,649) 
 
(8,000,497) 
Net finance costs  
8 
 
 (2,087,666) 
 
(1,732,802) 
Impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets and 
other assets 
12, 13, 16, 
23  
 
 (345,767) 
 
(171,433) 
Other income – net 
9 
 
1,311,572 
 
 469,340 
Share of results in associates and joint ventures – net 
of tax 
16 
 
57,072 
 
488,737 
Royalties and fees 
10 
 
(491,637) 
 
(489,156) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax 
 
 
2,646,103 
 
2,277,691 
Income tax  
19 
 
(422,091)  
(484,961) 
Profit for the year 
 
 
2,224,012 
 
1,792,730 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
          Shareholders of the parent 
 
 
 1,724,826  
 
1,565,065 
          Non-controlling interests 
 
 
 499,186  
 
227,665 
 
 
 
2,224,012 
 
 
1,792,730 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Basic and diluted earnings per share 
11, 46 
 
0.54 
 
0.49 
(Attributable to shareholders of the parent) 
(Expressed in QR. per share) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-174

--- Page 389 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
The accompanying notes 1 to 47 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
2
 
Note 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
 
 
2,224,012 
 
1,792,730 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income  
 
 
 
 
 
Items that may be reclassified  subsequently to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges 
26 
 
(4,446) 
 
142 
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and 
joint ventures 
26 
 
(27,211) 
 
4,081 
Foreign currency translation differences  
26 
 
572,849 
 
(1,712,009) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or 
loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Net changes in fair value on investments in equity instruments 
designated as at FVTOCI 
26 
 
(12,616) 
 
29,723 
Net changes in fair value of employees’ benefits reserve 
26 
 
(3,658) 
 
54,244 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income (loss) – net of tax 
 
 
524,918 
 
(1,623,819) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
 
2,748,930 
 
168,911 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent 
 
 
2,169,270 
 
128,412 
Non-controlling interests 
 
 
579,660 
 
40,499 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,748,930 
 
168,911 
 
 
 
F-175

--- Page 390 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
The accompanying notes 1 to 47 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
 
3
 
Note 
 
 
2019 
 
 
2018 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
12 
 
 27,045,039  
 
27,207,493 
Intangible assets and goodwill 
13 
 
 26,319,887  
 
26,656,686 
Right-of-use assets 
3.2.1, 14 
 
 6,033,848  
 
- 
Investment property 
15 
 
 58,007  
 
52,802 
Investment in associates and joint ventures 
16 
 
 1,971,912  
 
2,146,946 
Financial assets – equity instruments 
17 
 
 904,440  
 
947,237 
Other non-current assets 
18 
 
 732,243  
 
858,994 
Deferred tax assets 
19 
 
 658,851  
 
569,892 
Contract costs and assets 
20 
 
 194,971  
 
151,806 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total non-current assets 
 
 
 63,919,198  
 
58,591,856 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Inventories 
21 
 
557,305 
 
643,061 
Contract costs and assets 
20 
 
345,919 
 
312,070  
Trade and other receivables 
22 
 
8,360,840 
 
8,233,543  
Bank balances and cash 
23 
 
14,716,148 
 
17,493,273 
 
 
 
23,980,212 
 
26,681,947 
Assets held for sale 
 
 
82,212 
 
25,672 
Total current assets 
 
 
24,062,424 
 
26,707,619 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 
87,981,622 
 
85,299,475 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
24 
 
 3,203,200  
 
3,203,200 
Legal reserve 
25 (a) 
 
 12,434,282  
 
12,434,282 
Fair value reserve 
25 (b) 
 
 550,809  
 
606,299 
Employees’ benefits reserve 
25 (c) 
 
 5,975  
 
22,031 
Translation reserve 
25 (d) 
 
(7,314,294) 
(7,805,451) 
Other statutory reserves 
25 (e) 
 
 1,299,489  
 
1,252,304 
Retained earnings 
 
 
 12,947,508  
 
12,496,038 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
 
23,126,969 
 
22,208,703 
Non-controlling interests 
 
 
5,978,017 
 
5,968,984 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL EQUITY 
 
 
29,104,986 
 
28,177,687 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-176

--- Page 391 ---
F-177

--- Page 392 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
The accompanying notes 1 to 47 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
5 
 
 
 
           
 Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
 
 
 
Share 
capital 
 
 
Legal 
reserve 
 
Fair value 
reserve 
 
Employees 
benefits 
reserve 
 
 
Translation 
reserve 
 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
 
 
Retained 
earnings 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
 
 
Total 
equity 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 QR.’000  
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019  
 
3,203,200  12,434,282  
606,299 
 
22,031 
 (7,805,451)  1,252,304  12,496,038  22,208,703  
5,968,984 
 28,177,687 
Effect of change in accounting policy for: 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Initial application of IFRS 16  
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(416,503)  
(416,503)  
(10,827) 
 
(427,330) 
Adjusted balance as at 1 January 2019* 
 
3,203,200  12,434,282  
606,299  
22,031  
(7,805,451)  1,252,304  
12,079,535  
21,792,200  
5,958,157  
27,750,357
Profit for the year 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
1,724,826  
1,724,826  
499,186   
2,224,012 
Other comprehensive income (loss)  
 
-  
-  
(43,634) 
 
(3,079) 
 
491,157  
-  
-  
444,444  
80,474 
 
524,918 
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year 
 
-  
-  
(43,634)   
(3,079) 
 
491,157  
-  
1,724,826  
2,169,270  
579,660   
2,748,930 
Realized gain on FVTOCI investment recycled 
to retained earnings 
 
-  
-  
(11,856) 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
11,856  
-  
- 
 
- 
Employee benefits reserve recycled to retained 
earnings  
 
-  
-  
 
 
(12,977) 
 
-  
-  
12,977  
-  
- 
 
- 
Transaction with  shareholders of the parent, 
recognised directly in equity 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Dividend for 2018 (Note 34) 
  
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(800,800)  
(800,800)  
- 
 
(800,800) 
Transfer to other statutory reserves 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
47,185  
(47,185)  
-  
- 
 
- 
Transaction with non-controlling interest, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Change in subsidiary’s non-controlling interest 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(317)  
(317)  
(491) 
 
(808) 
Change in associate’s non-controlling interest of 
its subsidiary 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
8,831  
8,831  
- 
 
8,831 
Dividend for 2018 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
(559,022) 
 
(559,022) 
Transaction with non-owners of the 
Group, recognised directly in equity 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Transfer to employee association fund 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(1,515)  
(1,515)  
(287) 
 
(1,802) 
Transfer to social and sports fund 
 
-  
-  
- 
 
- 
 
-  
-  
(40,700)  
(40,700)  
- 
 
(40,700) 
As at 31 December 2019 
3,203,200  12,434,282  
550,809   
5,975  (7,314,294)  1,299,489  12,947,508  23,126,969  
5,978,017   29,104,986 
 
*The Group has initially applied IFRS 16 as at 1 January 2019. Under the transition method selected, the comparative information is not restated and cumulative catch-up adjustment is recorded in the opening balances (Note 3.2.1). 
 
F-178

--- Page 393 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
The accompanying notes 1 to 47 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
                                                                                                                     6 
 
 
 
                                               Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
 
 
 
Share 
capital 
 
 
Legal 
reserve 
 
Fair value 
reserve 
 
Employees 
benefits 
reserve 
 
 
Translation 
reserve 
 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
 
 
Retained 
earnings 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
 
 
Total 
equity 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 QR.’000  
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
At 1 January 2018 
 
3,203,200  12,434,282  
522,873  
(12,497)  (6,298,501)  1,202,508  12,000,973  23,052,838  
6,532,272 
 29,585,110 
Effect of change in accounting policy for: 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Initial application of IFRS 15 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
229,544  
229,544  
(4,004)   
225,540 
Initial application of  IFRS 9  
 
-  
-  
(120,818)  
-  
-  
-  
99,835  
(20,983)  
(17,320)   
(38,303) 
Adjusted balance as at 1 January 2018*   
 
3,203,200  12,434,282  
402,055  
(12,497)  (6,298,501)  1,202,508  12,330,352  23,261,399  
6,510,948   29,772,347 
Profit for the year 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
1,565,065  
1,565,065  
227,665 
 
1,792,730 
Other comprehensive income (loss)  
 
-  
-  
35,769  
34,528  (1,506,950)  
-  
-  (1,436,653)  
(187,166) 
 (1,623,819) 
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year 
 
-  
-  
35,769  
34,528  (1,506,950)  
-     1,565,065  
128,412  
40,499 
 
168,911 
Realized loss on FVTOCI investment recycled 
to retained earnings   
 
-  
-  
168,475  
-  
-  
-  
(168,475)  
-  
- 
 
- 
Transaction with  shareholders of the parent, 
recognised directly in equity 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Dividend for 2017 (Note 34) 
  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  (1,121,120)  (1,121,120)  
- 
 (1,121,120) 
Transfer to other statutory reserves 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
49,796  
(49,796)  
-  
- 
 
- 
Transaction with non-controlling interest, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Change in subsidiary’s non-controlling interest   
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
(4,633)  
(4,633)  
65,708 
 
61,075 
Loss of control of a subsidiary** 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
(36,178) 
 
(36,178) 
Change in holding interest of an associate*** 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
(5,870)  
(5,870)  
- 
 
(5,870) 
Change in associate’s non-controlling interest in 
its subsidiary 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
2,029  
2,029  
- 
 
2,029 
Dividend for 2017  
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
(611,635)   
(611,635) 
Transaction with non-owners of the 
Group, recognised directly in equity 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Transfer to employee association fund 
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
(1,889)  
(1,889)  
(358) 
 
(2,247) 
Transfer to social and sports fund  
 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
(49,625)  
(49,625)  
- 
 
(49,625) 
At 31 December 2018  
3,203,200  12,434,282  
606,299  
22,031  (7,805,451)  1,252,304  12,496,038  22,208,703  
5,968,984 
 28,177,687 
*The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 and IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018. Under the transition method selected, the comparative information is not restated and cumulative catch-up adjustment is recorded in the opening balances. 
** On 1 April 2018, the Group lost control in one of its subsidiaries and accordingly deconsolidated the subsidiary. The remaining share in investment is accounted for as an investment in an associate. 
*** On 8 August 2018, the Group’s shareholding in one of its associate was diluted in accordance with shareholders’ agreement. 
F-179

--- Page 394 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
The accompanying notes 1 to 47 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
                                                                          
 
7
 
 
Note 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax 
  
2,646,103 
 
2,277,691 
Adjustments for: 
  
 
 
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
        7 
 
8,587,649 
 
8,000,497 
Dividend income 
   9 
 
(8,003) 
 
(43,750) 
Impairment losses on goodwill, financial assets and  
other assets 
12, 13, 16, 
 23 
 
345,767 
 
201,004  
Gain on disposal of investments at FVTPL 
 
 
109 
 
129 
Changes in fair value of investments at FVTPL  
 
 
18,640 
 
(30,554) 
Gain on loss of control of a subsidiary 
 
 
- 
 
(235,969) 
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
 
 
(89,880) 
 
(42,783) 
Net finance costs 
8 
 
2,087,666 
 
1,732,802 
Provision for employees’ benefits 
29 
 
151,363 
 
213,291 
Allowance for impairment of trade receivables 
      6    
 
231,337 
 
342,590 
Share of results in associates and joint ventures – net of tax          16 
 
(57,072) 
 
(488,737) 
 
Operating profit before working capital changes 
 
 
13,913,679 
 
11,926,211  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Working capital changes: 
 
 
 
 
 
Changes in inventories 
 
 
 85,756  
 
36,562 
Changes in trade and other receivables 
 
 
 (217,209)  
 
(696,849)  
Changes in contract costs and assets 
 
 
 (77,014) 
 
(199,333) 
Changes in trade and other payables 
 
 
 887,622  
 
(451,291) 
Changes in contract liabilities 
 
 
 (30,004) 
 
(9,959) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash from operations 
 
 
14,562,830 
 
10,605,341 
Finance costs paid 
 
 
(2,126,334) 
 
(2,007,548) 
Employees’ benefits paid 
29 
 
(170,382) 
 
(236,098) 
Income tax paid 
 
 
(506,014) 
 
(494,608) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities 
 
 
11,760,100 
 
7,867,087 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-180

--- Page 395 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
The accompanying notes 1 to 47 form part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
8 
 
Note 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
INVESTING ACTIVITIES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
12 
 
(5,657,301) 
 
(4,664,779) 
Acquisition of intangible assets 
13 
 
(478,536) 
 
(577,179) 
Additional investments in associates 
 
 
(16,272) 
 
(21,519) 
Additional investments in joint ventures 
 
 
- 
 
(550) 
Additional investment in financial assets – equity 
instruments 
 
 
(6,555) 
 
(18,221) 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 
 
 
167,898 
 
159,539 
Proceeds from disposal of investments at FVTPL 
 
 
21,344 
 
43,310 
Movement in restricted deposits 
 
 
(68,777) 
 
51,649 
Movement in short-term deposits 
 
 
(110,330) 
 
428,286 
Movement in other non-current assets 
 
 
(174,152) 
 
(155,079) 
Dividend received  
 
 
119,387 
 
400,323 
Interest received 
 
 
316,427 
 
360,624 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 
(5,886,867) 
 
(3,993,596) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCING ACTIVITIES (i) 
 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds from rights issue of a subsidiary 
 
 
- 
 
56,956 
Proceeds from share issue of a subsidiary 
 
 
- 
 
4,119 
Acquisition of non-controlling interest 
 
 
(808) 
 
- 
Proceeds from loans and borrowings 
 
 
10,141,788 
 
9,103,504 
Repayment of loans and borrowings 
 
 
(16,664,562) 
 
(11,931,283) 
Principal elements of lease payments  
32 
 
(1,265,585) 
 
- 
Additions to deferred financing costs 
28 
 
(30,028) 
 
(12,949) 
Dividend paid to shareholders of the parent 
34 
 
(800,800) 
 
(1,121,120) 
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests 
 
 
(559,022) 
 
(611,635) 
Movement in other non-current liabilities 
 
 
364,467 
 
(458,912) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash used in financing activities  
 
 
(8,814,550) 
 
(4,971,320) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
 
(2,941,317) 
 
(1,097,829) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations  
 
 
(237,944) 
 
535,369 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 
 
 
16,533,142 
 
17,095,602 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 
23 
 
13,353,881 
 
16,533,142 
(i) Refer to Note 23 for details of non-cash transactions. 
(ii) Refer to note 47 for the reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities.
F-181

--- Page 396 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
9 
 
1   REPORTING ENTITY  
 
Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation (the “Corporation”) was formed on 29 June 1987 domiciled in the 
State of Qatar by Law No. 13 of 1987 to provide domestic and international telecommunication services within the 
State of Qatar. The Company’s registered office is located at 100 Westbay Tower, Doha, State of Qatar. 
 
The Corporation was transformed into a Qatari Shareholding Company under the name of Qatar Telecom (Qtel) 
Q.S.C. (the “Company”) on 25 November 1998, pursuant to Law No. 21 of 1998.   
 
In June 2013, the legal name of the Company was changed to Ooredoo Q.S.C. This change had been duly approved 
by the shareholders at the Company’s extraordinary general assembly meeting held on 31 March 2013.  
 
The Company changed its legal name from Ooredoo Q.S.C. to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to comply with the provisions of 
the new Qatar Commercial Companies Law issued on 7 July 2015. 
 
The Company is a telecommunications service provider licensed by the Communications Regulatory Authority 
(CRA) (formerly known as Supreme Council of Information and Communication Technology (ictQATAR)) to 
provide both fixed and mobile telecommunications services in the state of Qatar.  As a licensed service provider, the 
conduct and activities of the Company are regulated by CRA pursuant to Law No. 34 of 2006 (Telecommunications 
Law) and the Applicable Regulatory Framework.  
 
The Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) provide domestic and international 
telecommunication services in Qatar and elsewhere in the Asia and Middle East and North African (MENA) region. 
Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the immediate and ultimate Parent Company of the Group. 
 
In line with an amendment issued by Qatar Financial Markets Authority (“QFMA”), effective from May 2018, listed 
entities are required to comply with the Qatar Financial Markets Authority’s law and relevant legislations including 
Governance Code for Companies & Legal Entities Listed on the Main Market (the “Governance Code”). The Group 
has taken appropriate steps to comply with the requirements of the Governance Code.  
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 were authorised for issue 
in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Group on 13 February 2020. 
 
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION 
 
a) Statement of compliance 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRSs) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), applicable provisions of Qatar 
Commercial Companies Law and the Company’s Articles of Association.  
 
b) Basis of measurement 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for the following: 
 
Equity instruments, classified as  Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (“FVTOCI”) and Fair 
Value Through Profit and Loss (“FVPTL”), are measured at fair value; 
 
Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value; and 
 
Liabilities for long term incentive points-based payments arrangements are measured at FVTPL.  
 
Historical cost is based on the fair value of the consideration, which is given in exchange for goods and services. 
The methods used to measure fair values are discussed further in note 40. 
 
c) Functional and presentation currency 
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Qatari Riyals, which is the Company’s functional 
currency. All the financial information presented in these consolidated financial statements has been rounded off 
to the nearest thousand (QR.’000) except where otherwise indicated. 
 
 
 
F-182

--- Page 397 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
10 
 
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED) 
 
d) Use of estimates and judgments 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make 
judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts 
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.  
 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. 
 
In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments in applying 
accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial 
statements is included in note 38. 
 
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and its subsidiaries 
(together referred to as the “Group”). The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all the 
periods presented (except as mentioned otherwise) in these consolidated financial statements, and have been applied 
consistently by the Group entities, where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of the 
subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with those used by the Group.  
 
3.1 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION 
 
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled 
by the Company (including structured entities) and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company: 
- 
has power over the investee; 
- 
is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and 
- 
has the ability to use its power to affect returns. 
 
The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are 
changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. 
 
When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when 
the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. 
The Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Company’s voting rights 
in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including: 
- 
the size of the Company’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other 
vote holders; 
- 
potential voting rights held by the company, other vote holders or other parties 
- 
rights arising from contractual arrangements; and 
- 
any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the company has, or does not have the current ability 
to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous 
shareholders’ meetings. 
 
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the 
Company loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of 
during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income from 
the date the Company gains control until the date when the Company ceases to control the subsidiary. 
 
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and 
to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributable to the owners of the 
Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit 
balance. 
 
F-183

--- Page 398 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
11 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.1   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies 
into line with the Group’s accounting policies. 
All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between 
members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation. 
a) Business combinations and goodwill 
The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the 
Group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets 
acquired, and any amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually 
for impairment. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss immediately. 
Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities. 
The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such 
amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss. 
Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration 
is classified as equity, then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent 
consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within scope of IFRS 9 Financial 
instruments, is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of IFRS 9 is measured 
at FV at each reporting date with changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss. 
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the 
amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any previous interest held, over the net identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration 
transferred, the Group reassess whether we correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities 
assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognized at the acquisition date. If the 
reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration 
transferred, then the gain is recognized in profit or loss. 
If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the 
combination occurs, the Group report in our consolidated financial statements provisional amounts for the items for 
which the accounting is incomplete. During the measurement period, which is no longer than one year from the 
acquisition date, the provisional amounts recognized at acquisition date are retrospectively adjusted to reflect new 
information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and, if known, would have 
affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. During the measurement period, the Group also 
recognize additional assets or liabilities if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as 
of the acquisition date and, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of those assets and liabilities as of that 
date. 
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of 
impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of 
our cash-generating units, or CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other 
assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units. 
 
Where goodwill acquired in a business combination has yet to be allocated to identifiable CGUs because the initial 
accounting is incomplete, such provisional goodwill is not tested for impairment unless indicators of impairment 
exist and we can reliably allocate the carrying amount of goodwill to a CGU or group of CGUs that are expected to 
benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU and part of the 
operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the 
carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed 
of in this circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the disposed operation and the portion of the CGU 
retained. 
F-184

--- Page 399 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
12 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.1   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
b) Non-controlling interests (“NCI”) 
NCI are measured at their proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets at the acquisition date. Changes 
in the Group's interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. 
 
c) Subsidiaries 
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights 
to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power 
over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from 
the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases. 
d) Loss of control 
When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and any 
related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in consolidated statement of 
profit or loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost. 
e)  Interests in associates and joint ventures 
Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control. Significant 
influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control 
or joint control over those policies. 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to 
the net assets of the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, 
which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing 
control. 
 
Interests in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are recognised initially at 
cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include 
the Group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures less any 
impairment in the value of individual investments. Losses of the associates and joint ventures in excess of the 
Group’s interest are not recognised unless the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations on their behalf. 
The carrying values of investments in associates and joint ventures are reviewed on a regular basis and if an 
impairment in the value has occurred, it is written off in the period in which those circumstances are identified. 
 
Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the fair values of the identifiable net assets of the 
associates and joint ventures at the date of acquisition is recognised as goodwill and included as part of the cost of 
investment. Any deficiency of the cost of acquisition below the Group’s share of the fair values of the identifiable 
net assets of the associates and joint ventures at the date of acquisition is credited to the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss in the year of acquisition. 
The Group’s share of associates’ and joint ventures’ results is based on the most recent financial statements or interim 
financial statements drawn up to the Group’s reporting date. For one of the Group’s joint ventures, the Group 
accounts for its share in the results, assets and liabilities of its joint venture, which is an investment entity and applies 
fair value measurement to its subsidiaries, using equity method of accounting.   
Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group (including its 
consolidated subsidiaries) and its associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements only to the extent of unrelated group’s interests in the associates or joint ventures. 
 
 
F-185

--- Page 400 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
13 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.1   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
f) Transactions eliminated on consolidation 
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, 
are eliminated. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with associates and joint ventures are eliminated against 
the investment to the extent of the Group's interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way 
as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.  
 
The subsidiaries of the Group, incorporated in the consolidated financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. are as 
follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective shareholding 
percentage 
2019 
2018 
Ooredoo Investment Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo International Investments L.L.C 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Group L.L.C.  
Management service company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo South East Asia Holding S.P.C  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
West Bay Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Asian Investments Pte. Ltd.  
Investment company 
Singapore 
100% 
100% 
Al Dafna Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain  
100% 
100% 
Al Khor Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
IP Holdings Limited  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Tower Holding Co.  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
wi-tribe Asia Limited 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Asia Pte. Ltd.  
Investment company 
Singapore 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited  
Investment company 
Bermuda 
100% 
100% 
MENA Investcom S.P.C.   
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Omani Qatari Telecommunications Company 
S.A.O.G. (“Ooredoo Oman”) 
Telecommunication company 
Oman 
55.0% 
55.0% 
Starlink W.L.L. 
Telecommunication company 
Qatar 
72.5% 
72.5% 
National 
Mobile 
Telecommunications 
Company K.S.C.P (“Ooredoo Kuwait”)  
Telecommunication company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Wataniya International FZ – L.L.C. 
Investment company 
United 
Arab 
Emirates 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Al-Bahar United Company W.L.L. ("Phono")    Telecommunication company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Al 
Wataniya 
Gulf 
Telecommunications 
Holding Company S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Maldives PLC  
Telecommunication company 
Maldives 
83.3% 
83.3% 
WARF Telecom International Pvt. Ltd.  
Telecommunication company 
Maldives 
59.9% 
59.9% 
Wataniya Telecom Algerie S.P.A. (”Ooredoo 
Algeria”) 
Telecommunication company 
Algeria 
74.4% 
74.4% 
Ooredoo Consortium Ltd.  
Investment company 
Malta 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Duqm Data Centre SAOC (i) 
 
Telecommunication company 
 
Oman 
39.0% 
33.0% 
F-186

--- Page 401 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
14 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.1   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
f) Transactions eliminated on consolidation (continued) 
 
 
 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective shareholding 
percentage 
2019 
2018 
Ooredoo Tunisia Holdings Ltd.  
Investment company 
Malta 
 
92.1% 
 
92.1% 
 
Ooredoo Malta Holdings Ltd.  
Investment company 
Malta 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Tunisie S.A.  
Telecommunication company 
Tunisia 
84.1% 
84.1% 
Wataniya 
Palestine 
Mobile 
Telecommunications Public Shareholding 
Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”) (ii) 
Telecommunication company 
Palestine 
45.4% 
45.4% 
Raywood Inc.  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Newood Inc. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Midya 
Telecom 
Company 
Limited 
(“Fanoos”) (iii) 
Telecommunication company 
Iraq 
49.0% 
49.0% 
Al-Rowad General Services Limited  
Investment company 
Iraq 
100% 
100% 
Asiacell Communications PJSC  
Telecommunication company 
Iraq 
64.1% 
64.1% 
wi-tribe Limited  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
86.1% 
86.1% 
Barzan Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Laffan Holding S.P.C.  
 Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Zekreet Holding S.P.C.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. 
Telecommunication company 
Myanmar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wokaer Holding S.P.C. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Al Wakrah Holding S.P.C. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Tamweel Ltd. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo IP L.L.C. 
Management service company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Global Services FZ-L.L.C 
Management service company 
United Arab 
Emirates 
- 
100% 
Ooredoo Global Services L.L.C 
Management service company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Seyoula International Investments W.L.L 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Fast Telecommunications Company W.L.L. 
Telecommunication company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Fintech Limited 
Telecommunication company 
Myanmar 
100% 
100% 
OIH Investment L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wokaer East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Barzan East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Mena Investcom L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wakra East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
OSEA Investment L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
PT. Indosat Tbk (“Indosat Ooredoo”) 
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
65.0% 
65.0% 
Indosat Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
Management service company 
Singapore 
65.0% 
65.0% 
PT Indosat  Mega Media 
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
64.9% 
64.9% 
PT Starone Mitra Telekomunikasi  
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
65.0% 
65.0% 
PT Aplikanusa  Lintasarta (iv) 
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia 
47.0% 
47.0% 
PT Lintas Media Danawa  (iv) 
Investment company 
Indonesia 
32.9% 
32.9% 
PT Interactive Vision Media  
Telecommunication company 
Indonesia  
64.9%    
64.9%    
PT Portal Bursa Digital (iv) 
Investment company 
Indonesia 
40.3% 
40.3% 
F-187

--- Page 402 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
15 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.1   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
(i) The Group has the power, indirectly through Omani Qatari Telecommunications Company S.A.O.G. (“Ooredoo 
Oman”) by virtue of Ooredoo Oman having more than 51% of the voting interest or control in this company, to 
which exposes the Group to variable return from its investment and gives ability to affect those returns through 
its power over them, hence, this company has been considered as a subsidiary of the Group. 
 
(ii) The Group holds 45.4% (2018: 45.4%) of Ooredoo Palestine and has established control over the entity as it can 
demonstrate power through its indirect ownership of National Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. 
(“NMTC”) by virtue of NMTC having more than 51% of the voting interests in Wataniya Palestine Mobile 
Telecommunications Public Shareholding Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”). This exposes and establishes rights of 
the Group to variable returns and gives ability to affect those returns through its power over Ooredoo Palestine. 
Wataniya Palestine was rebranded to Ooredoo Palestine in 2018 (although the legal name remains Wataniya 
Palestine). 
 
(iii) The Group incorporated Raywood Inc (“Raywood”), a special purpose entity registered in Cayman Islands with 
100% (2018: 100%) voting interest held by the Group to carry out investment activities in Iraq. Raywood acquired 
49% voting interest of Midya Telecom Company Limited (“Fanoos”) in Iraq.  Although the Group holds less than a 
majority of the voting rights of Fanoos, the Group can still demonstrate its power by virtue of shareholders’ 
agreement entered into between Raywood and Fanoos, Iraq. This arrangement exposes the Group to variable returns 
and gives the ability to affect those returns over Fanoos.  
 
(iv) The Group has the power, indirectly through PT Indosat Tbk (“Indosat Ooredoo”) by virtue of Indosat Ooredoo 
having control over these companies. This exposes the Group to variable returns from their investment and gives 
ability to affect those returns through its power over them. Hence, these companies have been considered as 
subsidiaries of the Group. 
 
 
3.2  APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS 
(IFRSs) 
 
3.2.1 
New and amended IFRSs that are effective for the current year 
 
The following new and revised IFRSs, which became effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2019, have been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. 
 
The Group adopted IFRS 16, Leases, which replaces the existing guidance on leases, including IAS 17, Leases, 
IFRIC 4, Determining whether an arrangement contains a lease, SIC 15, Operating leases – Incentives and SIC 
27, Evaluating the substance of transactions in the legal for of a lease. The impact of the adoption of this standard 
and the new accounting policies are disclosed in note 3.2.1. 
IFRS 16 Leases – Impact of Adoption 
The Group has applied IFRS 16, which replaces IAS 17 Leases and the related interpretations, with a date of 
initial application of 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 was issued in January 2016 and is effective for annual periods 
commencing on or after 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 stipulates that all leases and the associated contractual rights 
and obligations should generally be recognize in the Group’s statement of financial Position, unless the term is 
12 months or less or the lease relates to low value asset. Thus, the classification required under IAS 17 “Leases” 
into operating or finance leases is eliminated for Lessees. For each lease, the lessee recognizes a liability for the 
lease obligations incurred in the future. Correspondingly, a right to use the leased asset is capitalized, which is 
generally equivalent to the present value of the future lease payments plus directly attributable costs, including 
asset retirement obligations, and which is amortized over the useful life. 
 
The Group has adopted IFRS 16 using the modified retrospective approach and has therefore not restated 
comparatives for the 2018 reporting period as permitted under the specific transitional provisions in the standard.  
 
 
F-188

--- Page 403 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
16 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2.1 New and amended IFRSs that are effective for the current year (continued) 
 
Impact of initial application of IFRS 16 Leases 
Upon transition to IFRS 16, the Group recognized QR. 5,619,868 thousand of right-of-use assets and QR. 
5,579,524 thousand of lease liabilities. The impact of initial recognition of IFRS 16 on the consolidated financial 
statements as at 1 January 2019 is provided below.  
 
The lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using the 
lessee’s incremental borrowing rate.  The weighted average lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied to the 
lease liabilities on 1 January 2019 was 7.38%. IFRS 16 transition disclosures also require the Group to present 
the reconciliation between the off-balance sheet operating lease obligation as of 31 December 2018 to the lease 
liabilities as of 1 January 2019, as follows: 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Adjusted operating lease commitment at 31 December 2018 
 
5,600,703 
 
 
Discounted using the incremental borrowing rate as at 1 January 2019 
4,153,509 
Add: Finance lease liabilities recognized as at 31 December 2018 
887,538 
Less: Short term leases 
(43,181) 
Less: Leases of low value assets 
(403) 
Add (less): Extension and termination options reasonably certain to be exercised 
604,326 
Less: Variable lease payments based on an index or a rate 
(4,265) 
Lease liabilities recognized as at 1 January 2019 
 
5,597,524 
Of which are: 
 
Non-current lease liabilities 
4,900,488 
Current lease liabilities 
 
697,036 
 
The associated right-of-use assets were measured on a modified retrospective basis. The Group has used a 
combined approach in recognizing its right-of-use assets. Certain right-of-use assets are measured as if the new 
rules had always been applied, whereas others were measured at the amount equal to the lease liability, further 
adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to that lease recognised in the statement 
of financial position as at the date of initial application. There were no onerous lease contracts that would have 
required an adjustment to the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application. 
           The recognized right-of-use of assets relate to the following types of assets: 
 
 
31 December 
 2019 
1 January  
2019 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Land and buildings 
2,137,456 
1,840,837 
Exchange and network assets 
3,765,723 
3,594,491 
Subscriber apparatus and other equipment 
82,750 
132,160 
Indefeasible rights-of-use (IRU) 
47,919 
52,380 
 
Total right-of-use assets 
 
6,033,848 
 
5,619,868 
F-189

--- Page 404 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
17 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2.1 New and amended IFRSs that are effective for the current year (continued) 
 
Impact of initial application of IFRS 16 Leases (continued) 
As at transition date, the Group reclassified property, plant and equipment amounting to QR. 880,280 thousand 
to right-of-use assets (Note 12). During the year ended 31 December 2019, additions to right-of-use assets 
amounted to QR. 1,595,425 thousand, whereas depreciation and amortisation of right-of-use assets amounted 
to QR. 1,108,826 thousand. 
The change in accounting policy affected the following items in the consolidated statement of financial position 
on 1 January 2019: 
 
 
Increase 
(decrease) 
 
 
QR.’000 
Financial statement line item 
 
 
Right-of-use assets 
 
 5,619,868  
Property, plant and equipment  
 
 (880,280) 
Deferred tax assets 
 
 31,742  
Other non-current assets 
 
 (297,223) 
Trade and other receivables 
 
(149,505) 
Retained earnings 
 
(416,503) 
Non-controlling interests 
 
(10,827) 
Lease liabilities 
 
5,597,524 
Other non-current liabilities 
 
(709,569) 
Trade and other payables 
 
(136,023) 
The change in accounting policy affected the following items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for 
the year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
Increase 
(decrease) 
 
 
QR.’000 
Financial statement line item 
 
 
Operating expenses 
 
955,069 
Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
115,857 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
(928,711) 
Net finance costs  
 
(371,261) 
Other income – net  
 
 1,103 
Income tax 
 
43,062 
Profit for the period 
 
(184,881) 
 
 
 
Profit attributable to the shareholders 
 
(139,331) 
Profit attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
(45,550) 
 
 
 
Earnings per share decreased by QR. 0.04 per share for the year ended 31 December 2019 as a result of the 
adoption of IFRS 16 (Note 46). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-190

--- Page 405 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
18 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2.2 New and revised IFRSs applied with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements  
 
The following new and revised IFRSs, which became effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2019, have been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. The application of these revised IFRSs has not 
had any material impact on the amounts reported for the current and prior years but may affect the accounting for 
future transactions or arrangements. 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
Amendments to IFRS 9 Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation and 
Modification of financial liabilities  
1 January 2019 
The amendments to IFRS 9 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a 
prepayment feature meets the SPPI condition, the party exercising the option may pay 
or receive reasonable compensation for the prepayment irrespective of the reason for 
prepayment. In other words, prepayment features with negative compensation do not 
automatically fail SPPI. 
 
The amendment applies to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019, with 
earlier application permitted. There are specific transition provisions depending on 
when the amendments are first applied, relative to the initial application of IFRS 9. 
 
Amendments to IAS 28 Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures: Relating to long-
term interests in associates and joint ventures. 
1 January 2019 
These amendments clarify that an entity applies IFRS 9 Financial Instruments to long-
term interests in an associate or joint venture that form part of the net investment in 
the associate or joint venture but to which the equity method is not applied. 
 
 
 
 
F-191

--- Page 406 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
19 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2.2 New and revised IFRSs applied with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements 
(continued) 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle Amendments to IFRS 3 Business 
Combinations, IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 23 
Borrowing Costs  
The Annual Improvements include amendments to four Standards. 
1 January 2019 
IAS 12 Income Taxes 
 
The amendments clarify that an entity should recognise the income tax consequences 
of dividends in profit or loss, other comprehensive income or equity according to 
where the entity originally recognised the transactions that generated the distributable 
profits. This is the case irrespective of whether different tax rates apply to distributed 
and undistributed profits. 
 
IAS 23 Borrowing costs 
 
The amendments clarify that if any specific borrowing remains outstanding after the 
related asset is ready for its intended use or sale, that borrowing becomes part of the 
funds that an entity borrows generally when calculating the capitalisation rate on 
general borrowings. 
 
IFRS 3 Business Combinations 
 
The amendments to IFRS 3 clarify that when an entity obtains control of a business 
that is a joint operation, the entity applies the requirements for a business combination 
achieved in stages, including re-measuring its previously held interest (PHI) in the 
joint operation at fair value. The PHI to be re-measured includes any unrecognised 
assets, liabilities and goodwill relating to the joint operation. 
 
IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements 
 
The amendments to IFRS 11 clarify that when a party that participates in, but does not 
have joint control of, a joint operation that is a business obtains joint control of such 
a joint operation, the entity does not re-measure its PHI in the joint operation. 
 
Amendments to IAS 19 Employee Benefits Plan Amendment, Curtailment or 
Settlement 
1 January 2019 
The amendments to IAS 19 Employee Benefits clarify the accounting for defined 
benefit plan amendments, curtailments and settlements. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-192

--- Page 407 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
20 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING 
STANDARDS (IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2.2 New and revised IFRSs applied with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements 
(continued) 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments 
1 January 2019 
The interpretation addresses the determination of taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, 
unused tax losses, unused tax credits and tax rates, when there is uncertainty over 
income tax treatments under IAS 12. It specifically considers: 
 
 
Whether tax treatments should be considered collectively; 
 
 Assumptions for taxation authorities' examinations; 
 
 The determination of taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax 
         losses, unused tax credits and tax rates; and 
 
The effect of changes in facts and circumstances. 
 
 
 
3.2.3 New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
 
Definition of Material - Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements 
and IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors 
1 January 2020 
The new definition states that, ‘Information is material if omitting, misstating or 
obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users 
of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial 
statements, which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity.’ 
 
 
Definition of a Business – Amendments to IFRS 3 Business Combinations 
 
1 January 2020 
The amendments clarify that to be considered a business, an integrated set of activities 
and assets must include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together 
significantly contribute to the ability to create output. IASB also clarify that a business 
can exist without including all of the inputs and processes needed to create outputs. 
That is, the inputs and processes applied to those inputs must have ‘the ability to 
contribute to the creation of outputs’ rather than ‘the ability to create outputs’. 
 
 
 
F-193

--- Page 408 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
21 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS 
(IFRSs) (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2.3 New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective and not early adopted (continued) 
 
 
 
New and revised IFRSs 
 
Effective for  
annual periods  
beginning on or after 
 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards related 
IFRS 2, IFRS 3, IFRS 6, IFRS 14, IAS 1, IAS 8, IAS 34, IAS 37, IAS 38, IFRIC 12, 
IFRIC 19, IFRIC 20, IFRIC 22, and SIC-32 to update those pronouncements with 
regard to references to and quotes from the framework or to indicate where they refer 
to a different version of the Conceptual Framework. 
1 January 2020 
IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures and IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments 
Amendments regarding pre-replacement issues in the context of the IBOR reform 
1 January 2020 
 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
 
1 January 2022 
IFRS 17 requires insurance liabilities to be measured at a current fulfilment value 
and provides a more uniform measurement and presentation approach for all 
insurance contracts. These requirements are designed to achieve the goal of a 
consistent, principle-based accounting for insurance contracts. IFRS 17 
supersedes IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts as at 1 January 2022. 
 
 
Amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and IAS 28 Investments 
in Associates and Joint Ventures (2011) relating to the treatment of the sale or 
contribution of assets from and investor to its associate or joint venture. 
 
Effective date deferred 
indefinitely. Adoption is 
still permitted. 
 
 
Management anticipates that these new standards, interpretations and amendments will be adopted in the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements as and when they are applicable and adoption of these new standards, 
interpretations and amendments, may have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group 
in the period of initial application. 
 
3.3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
Revenue  
 
Revenue is measured at an amount that reflects the considerations, to which an entity expects to be entitled in 
exchange for transferring goods or services to customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. 
Revenue is adjusted for expected discounts and volume discounts, which are estimated based on the historical data 
or forecast and projections. The Group recognizes revenue when it transfers control over goods or services to its 
customers. 
 
Revenue from telecommunication services mainly consists of access charges, airtime usage, messaging, 
interconnect fees, data and connectivity services, connection fees and other related services. Services are offered 
separately or as bundled packages along with other services and/ or devices. 
 
 
 
F-194

--- Page 409 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
22 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Revenue (continued)  
 
For bundle packages, the Group accounts for individual products and services separately if they are distinct i.e. if 
a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can 
benefit from it. The consideration is allocated between separate product and services (i.e. distinct performance 
obligations, “PO”) in a bundle based on their stand-alone selling prices.  
 
The stand-alone selling prices are determined based on the observable price at which the Group sells the products 
and services on a standalone basis. For items that are not sold separately (e.g. customer loyalty program) the 
Group estimates standalone selling prices using other methods (i.e. adjusted market assessment approach, cost 
plus margin approach or residual approach). 
 
The Group principally obtains revenue from following key segments: 
 
1. Mobile services 
Mobile service contracts typically consist of specific allowances for airtime usage, messaging and data, and 
connection fees. In this type of arrangement, the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as 
the Group performs the service. Thus, the revenue is recognized over the period as and when these services are 
provided. 
 
2. Fixed services 
The Group offers fixed services which normally include installation and configuration services, internet 
connectivity, television and telephony services. These services are bundled with locked or unlocked equipment, 
such as router and/ or set-top box. Similar to mobile service contracts, fixed service revenue with locked 
equipment are recognized over the contract period, whereas revenue recognition for unlocked equipment is upon 
transfer of control to the customer. 
 
3. Sale of unlocked devices 
Devices such as smart phones, tablets, Mi-Fis that are sold separately and are not bundled with mobile/ fixed 
service contracts have standalone value to the customer and are unlocked devices. The revenue from sale of 
unlocked devices is recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. 
 
4. Interconnection service 
Revenue from the interconnection of voice and data traffic with other telecommunications operators is recognised 
at the time of transit across our network. 
 
Revenue from transit services  
The Group determines whether it will be acting as principal or an agent on these types of arrangements and 
accordingly recognises gross revenue if it is a principal, and net revenue if it is an agent. 
 
Customer loyalty schemes  
The Group has concluded that it is acting as an agent on customer loyalty scheme arrangements which are 
redeemed through its partners hence revenue is accounted on net basis. These changes have resulted in decrease 
in revenue and cost from loyalty schemes.   
 
The Group concluded that under IFRS 15, the loyalty scheme gives rise to a separate performance obligation 
because it generally provides a material right to the customer.  The Group allocates a portion of the transaction 
price to the loyalty scheme liability based on the relative standard standalone selling price of loyalty points and a 
contract liability is recognised until the points are redeemed or expired. 
 
 
 
F-195

--- Page 410 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
23 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Revenue (continued)  
 
Value-added services 
The Group has offerings where it provides customer with additional content, such as music and video streaming 
and SMS services, as Value-Added Services (VAS). On this type of services, the Group determines whether they 
are acting as a principal and accordingly recognizes gross revenue if it is a principal, and net revenue if it is an 
agent. 
 
Connection fees  
The Group has concluded that connection fees charged for the activation of services will be recognized over the 
contract period. The connection fees that is not considered as a distinct performance obligation shall form part of 
the transaction price and recognised over the period of service. 
 
Multi elements arrangements (Mobile contract plus handset)  
The Group has concluded that in case of multiple elements arrangements with subsidized products delivered in 
advance, the component delivered in advance (e.g. mobile handset), will require recognition of a contract asset.  
Contract asset primary relates to the Group’s right on consideration for services and goods provided but not billed 
at the reporting date. 
 
Installation cost, commissions to third party dealers, marketing expenses  
The Group has concluded that commissions and installation costs meet the definition of incremental costs to 
acquire a contract or a costs to fulfil a contract. The Group has capitalized these expenses as contract cost assets 
and amortized as per portfolio approach. Recognized contract assets will be subject to impairment assessment 
under IFRS 9 requirements. 
 
Upfront commission 
The Group has concluded that the sale of prepaid cards to dealers or distributors where the Group retains its 
control over the prepaid cards is assessed as a consignment arrangement. Thus, the Group shall not recognize 
revenue upon sale to dealers or distributors but upon utilisation or expiration of prepaid cards. Consequently, the 
commission arising from the sale of prepaid card is recognized as an expense. 
 
In cases where the Group transfers its control over the prepaid cards to dealers, distributors or customers, the 
Group has concluded that the upfront commission qualifies as a consideration payable to a customer and therefore 
will be treated as a reduction of the transaction price. Similarly, the Group shall recognise revenue only upon 
utilization or expiration of prepaid cards. 
 
Significant financing component  
The Group has decided to recognize interest expense at appropriate annual interest rate over the contract period 
and total transaction price including financing component is recognized when equipment is delivered to customer.  
 
Contract assets and liabilities  
The Group has determined that contract assets and liabilities are to be recognised at the performance obligation 
level and not at the contract level and both contract assets and liabilities are to be presented separately in the 
consolidated financial statements. The Group classifies its contract assets and liabilities as current and non-current 
based on the timing and pattern of flow of economic benefits.  
 
Discounts and promotions 
The Group provides various discounts and promotions to its customers, which may be agreed at inception or 
provided during the contract term. The impact and accounting of these discounts and promotions vary under IFRS 
15 which may result in recognition of contract asset. 
 
 
 
F-196

--- Page 411 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
24 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Revenue (continued)  
Contract modification 
The Group has applied IFRS 15 using modified retrospective approach using practical expedient in paragraph 
C5(c) of IFRS 15, under which, for contracts that were modified before 1 January 2018, the Group need not to 
retrospectively restate the contract for those contract modifications. Instead, the Group reflected the aggregate 
effect of all of the modifications that occurred before 1 January 2018 and presented when (i) the performance 
obligations were satisfied and unsatisfied; (ii) determined the transaction price; and (iii) allocated the transaction 
price.  
 
Leases 
Upon adoption of IFRS 16 – applicable from 1 January 2019 
A. Definition of leases 
Under IFRS 16, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to 
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a 
contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether: 
a. 
The contract involves the use of an identified asset – this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and should 
be physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier 
has a substantive substitution right, then the asset is not identified; 
b. The Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout 
the period of use; and 
c. 
The Group has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Group has the right when it has the decision-
making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In rare cases 
where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the Group has the 
right to direct the use of the asset if either: 
(i) The Group has the right to operate the asset; or 
(ii) The Group designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it will be used. 
Upon transition to IFRS 16, the Group elected to apply the practical expedient to grandfather the assessment of 
which transactions are leases, and accordingly applied IFRS 16 only to contracts that were previously identified 
as leases. Contracts that were not identified as leases under IAS 17 and IFRIC 4 were not reassessed for whether 
they constitute a lease.  
 
B. As a lessee  
The Group leases several assets including sites, office buildings, shops, vehicles and others. The average lease 
term is 2 to 20 years. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants but leased assets may not be used as 
security for borrowing purposes. 
Under IFRS 16, the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. 
The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred 
and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site 
on which it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using 
the straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-
use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same 
basis as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment 
losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. 
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily 
determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate over a period of lease term. Generally, the Group uses its 
incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. 
 
F-197

--- Page 412 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
25 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Leases (continued) 
Upon adoption of IFRS 16 – applicable from 1 January 2019 (continued) 
The lease term determined by the Group comprises non-cancellable period of lease contracts, periods covered by 
an option to extend the lease if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option and periods covered by an 
option to terminate the lease if the Group is reasonably certain not to exercise that option.  
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following: 
a. 
Fixed payments; and 
b. Lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension 
option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate 
early. 
The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there 
is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s 
estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its 
assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. 
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of 
the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been 
reduced to zero. 
The Group presents right-of-use assets, which do not meet the definition of investment property, separately from 
other assets and also separately presents lease liabilities, in the consolidated statement of financial position. The 
Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases of all class of 
underlying assets that have a lease term of 12 months or less, or those leases which have low-value underlying 
assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term. 
The Group has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components and instead accounts for 
each lease component and associated non-lease components as a single lease component. 
For lease contracts entered into before 1 January 2019, IFRS 16 has been applied as below: 
(i) Leases classified as operating leases under IAS 17  
The Group has recognized lease liabilities in relation to leases which had previously been classified as operating 
leases under IAS 17. These lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments, 
and discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate as of 1 January 2019. Right-of-use assets are 
measured at either: 
a. 
Their carrying amounts as if IFRS 16 had been applied since the commencement date, discounted using the 
lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application. 
b. An amount equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued lease payments. 
The Group has applied the above approach for determining right-of-use assets on lease by lease basis.  
The Group has used the following practical expedients when applying IFRS 16 to leases previously classified as 
operating leases under IAS 17 on a lease by lease or class of underlying asset basis. 
a. 
Applied a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics. 
b. Relied on its assessment of whether leases are onerous applying IAS 37 immediately before the date of initial 
application, as an alternative to performing an impairment review under IAS 36. 
c. 
Applied the exemption not to recognize right-of-use assets and liabilities for leases with less than 12 months 
of lease term. 
d. Excluded initial direct costs from measuring the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application. 
e. 
Applied the exemption not to recognize right-of-use assets and liabilities for leases with underlying assets 
assessed as low value and short-term leases. 
f. 
Used hindsight when determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or terminate 
the lease. 
 
F-198

--- Page 413 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
26 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Leases (continued) 
Upon adoption of IFRS 16 – applicable from 1 January 2019 (continued) 
 
(ii) Leases previously classified as finance leases  
For leases that were previously classified as finance leases under IAS 17, the carrying amount of the right-of-use 
asset and the lease liability at 1 January 2019 are determined at the carrying amount of the lease asset and lease 
liability under IAS 17, immediately before 1 January 2019. 
C. As a lessor  
The accounting policies applicable to the Group as a lessor in the comparative period are not materially different 
from IFRS 16. Accordingly, the Group accounted for its leases in accordance with IFRS 16 from the date of initial 
application, and is not required to make any adjustment on transition to IFRS 16 for leases in which it acts as a 
lessor, except for sub-leases. 
The Group performs an assessment of each lease on inception. If a lease transfers substantially all of the risks and 
rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, it is classified as a finance lease, otherwise, it is classified 
as an operating lease. The Group also considers certain indicators, such as whether the lease is for the major part 
of the economic life of the asset, as a part of its assessment. 
The operating leases entered in to by the Group mainly relate to tower sharing arrangements, which have a lease 
term of 2 to 15 years. The lessee does not have an option to purchase the asset at the expiry of the lease period, 
and the unguaranteed residual values do not represent a significant risk for the Group.  
The Group has also entered in finance lease arrangements for optical fiber agreements, which have a lease term 
of 15 to 20 years. 
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease 
separately. The lease classification of a sub-lease is assessed with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from 
the head lease, and not with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the 
Group applies the claimed exemption, the sub-lease is classified as an operating lease. 
When an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue from 
Contracts with Customers to allocate the consideration in the contract. The Group recognises lease payments 
received under operating leases as income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, on a straight line basis 
over the lease term. 
Leases under IAS 17, applicable before 1 January 2019 
The determination of whether an arrangement is, or contains, a lease is based on the substance of the arrangement at 
inception date. 
Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards 
of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases. 
The Group as lessor 
Leases where we retain substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the asset are classified as operating 
leases. Any initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the 
leased asset and recognized over the lease term on the same bases as rental income. Rental income is recognized in 
our consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
The amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recorded as receivables at the amount of Group’s net 
investment in the leases. Finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic 
rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of leases. 
Revenue from the sale of transmission capacity on terrestrial and submarine cables are recognized on a straight-line 
basis over the life of the contract. Rental income from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the 
term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to 
the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
The Group as lessee 
Rentals payable under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss on a straight –line 
basis over the term of the relevant lease. Benefits received and receivable as an incentive to enter into an operating 
lease are also spread on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  
F-199

--- Page 414 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
27 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Leases (continued) 
Leases under IAS 17, applicable before 1 January 2019 (continued) 
 
In the event that lease incentives are received to enter into operating leases, such incentives are recognized as a 
liability.  The aggregate benefit of incentives is recognized as a reduction of rental expense on a straight-line basis, 
except where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from 
the leased asset are consumed.  
 
All other leases are classified as finance leases. A finance lease gives rise to the recognition of a leased asset and 
finance lease liability. Capitalized leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the 
asset or the lease term, if there is no reasonable certainty that we will obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end 
of the lease term. Interest expense is recognized over the lease term using the effective interest method (“EIR”). 
 
Sale and leaseback transactions – where the Group is the lessee 
A sale and leaseback transaction involves the sale of an asset by the Group and the leasing of the same asset back to 
the Group. The lease payments and the sale price are usually interdependent as they are negotiated as a package. The 
accounting treatment of a sale and leaseback transaction depends upon the type of lease involved and the economic 
and commercial substance of the whole arrangement. 
 
(a) Finance leases 
Sale and leaseback arrangements that result in the Group retaining the majority of the risks and rewards of ownership 
of assets are accounted for as finance leases. Any excess of sales proceeds over the carrying amount is deferred and 
amortised over the lease term. 
 
(b) Operating leases 
Sale and leaseback arrangements that result in substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of assets being 
transferred to the lessor are accounted for as operating leases. Any excess of sales proceeds over the carrying amount 
is recognised in the statement of profit or loss as gain on disposal. 
 
Other income - net 
Other income represents income generated by the Group that arises from activities outside of the provision for 
communication services and equipment sales. Key components of other income are recognised as follows: 
 
Fair value gains 
Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, gains on the remeasurement to fair value 
of any pre-existing interest in an acquire in a business combination and gains on hedging instruments that are 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Dividend income 
Dividend income is recognised when the Group’s right to receive the dividend is established. 
 
Commission income 
When the Group acts in the capacity of an agent rather than as the principal in the transaction, the revenue recognised 
is the net amount of commission made by the Group. 
 
Ancillary service income 
Revenue from ancillary services is recognised when these services are provided. 
 
Other expenses 
Other expenses comprise of fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, losses on hedging 
instruments that are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss and reclassifications of net losses 
previously recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
Borrowing cost 
Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset 
are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss using the effective interest method. 
F-200

--- Page 415 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
28 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Other income – net (continued) 
 
Foreign exchange gain and losses 
Foreign currency gains and losses on financial assets and financial liabilities are reported on a net basis as either 
finance income or finance cost depending on whether foreign currency movements are in a net gain or net loss 
position. 
 
Taxation 
Some of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are subject to taxes on income in various foreign jurisdictions. 
Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred tax. 
 
Current income tax 
Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current year and prior years are measured at the amount expected to 
be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. 
 
The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the end of the financial reporting year and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. 
 
Deferred income tax 
Deferred income tax is provided based on temporary differences at the end of the financial reporting year between 
the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. 
 
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except: 
 
where the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability 
in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the 
accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit or loss; and 
 
In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests 
in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is 
probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
 
Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unutilised tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which 
the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unutilised tax losses can be 
utilised except: 
 
Where the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial 
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit or loss; and 
 
in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and 
interests in joint ventures, deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the 
temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which 
the temporary differences can be utilised. 
 
The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each end of the financial reporting year and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the 
deferred income tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each end of the 
financial reporting year and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will 
allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered. 
 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when 
the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted at the end of the financial reporting year.  
 
Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set 
off current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred income taxes relate to the same 
taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 
F-201

--- Page 416 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
29 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Taxation (continued) 
 
Current and deferred tax for the year 
Current and deferred income tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they related to items that are recognized 
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current deferred tax are also recognized in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.  Where current tax or deferred income tax arises from 
the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business 
combination. 
 
Tax exposure 
In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax 
positions and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions 
and may involve a series of judgments about future events. New information may become available that causes the 
Group to change its judgments regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will 
impact tax expense in the period that such a determination is made. 
 
Discontinued operations 
 
A discontinued operation is a component of the Group's business, the operations and cash flows of which can be 
clearly distinguished from the rest of the Group and which: 
 
 
represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations; 
 
is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of 
operations; or 
 
is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to re-sale. 
 
Classification as a discontinued operation occurs on disposal or when the operation meets the criteria to be classified 
as held-for-sale, if earlier. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation, the comparative consolidated 
statement of profit or loss or other comprehensive income is represented as if the operation had been discontinued 
from the start of the comparative year. 
   
 
 
F-202

--- Page 417 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
30 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Net finance cost 
 
Finance income comprises interest income on funds invested that is recognised in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss and reclassifications of net gains previously recognised in other comprehensive income. Interest income 
is recognised as it accrues in profit or loss, using effective interest method. 
 
Finance costs comprise interest expense on lease liabilities and borrowings, unwinding of the discount on provisions 
recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
Recognition and measurement 
Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment 
losses. Assets in the course of construction are carried at cost, less any impairment. 
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The costs of self-constructed 
assets include the following: 
 
The cost of materials and direct labour; 
 
Any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use; 
 
When the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling 
and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and  
 
Capitalized borrowing costs. 
 
Cost also includes transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency 
purchases of property, plant and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related 
equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.  
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate 
items (major components) of property, plant and equipment. 
Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment (calculated as the difference between the 
net proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
Capital work-in-progress is transferred to the related property, plant and equipment when the construction or 
installation and related activities necessary to prepare the property and equipment for their intended use have been 
completed, and the property and equipment are ready for operational use. 
Transfer to investment property 
When the use of property changes from owner-occupied to investment property, the property is reclassified 
accordingly at the carrying amount on the date of transfer in accordance with cost model specified under IAS 40. 
        Expenditure 
Expenditure incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is accounted for 
separately is capitalised and the carrying amount of the component that is replaced is written off.  Other subsequent 
expenditure is capitalised only when it increases future economic benefits of the related item of property, plant and 
equipment. All other expenditure is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred. 
Depreciation 
Items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight line basis in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss over the estimated useful lives of each component. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease 
term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease 
term. Land is not depreciated. 
 
Depreciation of these assets commences from the date that they are installed and are ready for use, or in respect of 
internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use. The estimated useful lives 
of the property, plant and equipment are as follows. 
 
F-203

--- Page 418 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
31 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Property, plant and equipment (continued) 
 
Depreciation (continued) 
Buildings 
 5 – 40 years  
 
Exchange and networks assets 
 5 – 25 years  
Subscriber apparatus and other equipment 
 2 – 10 years 
 
The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in 
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.  If any such indication exists and where the 
carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are written down to their recoverable amount, 
being the higher of their fair value less costs to sell and their value in use. 
 
Derecognition 
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset is included in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised. The asset’s residual values, useful lives and method 
of depreciation are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial year end. 
 
Borrowing costs 
 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes 
substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the respective 
assets.  All other borrowing costs are expensed as incurred.  Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that 
the Group incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds. 
 
Intangible assets and goodwill 
 
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets 
acquired in a business combination is fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible 
assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Internally 
generated intangible assets, excluding capitalised development costs, are not capitalised and expenditure is reflected 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year in which the expenditure is incurred. 
 
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever 
there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method 
for an intangible asset with a finite useful life is reviewed at each financial year. Changes in the expected useful life 
or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by 
changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and treated as changes in accounting estimates. The 
amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss in the expense category consistent with the nature of the intangible asset. 
 
Research and development 
Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge 
and understanding, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. 
 
Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products and 
processes. Development expenditure is capitalised only if development costs can be measured reliably, the product 
or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable, and the Group intends to 
and has sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset. The expenditure capitalised 
includes the cost of materials, direct labour, overhead costs that are directly attributable to preparing the asset for its 
intended use, and capitalised borrowing costs. Other development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss as 
incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses. 
 
F-204

--- Page 419 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
32 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Intangible assets and goodwill (continued) 
 
Indefeasible rights of use (“IRU”) 
IRUs correspond to the right to use a portion of the capacity of a terrestrial or submarine transmission cable granted 
for a fixed period. IRUs are recognised at cost as an asset when the Group has the specific indefeasible right to use 
an identified portion of the underlying asset, generally optical fibres or dedicated wavelength bandwidth, and the 
duration of the right is for the major part of the underlying asset’s economic life. They are amortised on a straight line 
basis over the shorter of the expected period of use and the life of the contract which ranges between 10 to 15 years. 
 
Capital work-in-progress related to IRU is initially presented as part of property, plant and equipment. When the 
construction or installation and related activities necessary to prepare the IRU for their intended use and operations 
have been completed, the related IRU will be transferred from property, plant and equipment to intangible assets. 
 
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. 
 
Goodwill 
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of identifiable net assets of the investee 
at the date of acquisition which is not identifiable to specific assets. 
 
Goodwill acquired in a business combination from the acquisition date is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
generating units, or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, 
irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units. 
 
Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated: 
 
represents the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management 
purposes; and 
 
is not larger than a segment based on the Group’s operating segments as determined in accordance with IFRS 
8, Operating Segments. 
 
A summary of the useful lives and amortisation methods of Group’s intangible assets other than goodwill are as 
follows: 
 
Investment property 
Investment properties are properties held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not 
for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative 
purpose. Investment properties are initially measured at cost. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to 
the acquisition of the investment property.  Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost 
less accumulated depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation of investment properties are computed 
using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives (EUL) of assets of twenty (20) years. 
When the use of a property changes such that it is reclassified as property and equipment, its fair value at the date of 
reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent accounting. 
 
License costs 
Customer contracts 
and related 
customer 
relationship 
 
Brand / 
Trade names 
IRU, software and 
other intangibles 
Useful lives 
: 
 
Finite 
(10 – 50 years) 
 
Finite 
(2 – 8 years) 
 
Finite 
(6 – 25 years) 
Finite 
(3 – 15 years) 
 
Amortisation 
method used 
 
: 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability. 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis over 
the periods of 
availability 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Internally 
generated or 
acquired 
: 
Acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
F-205

--- Page 420 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
33 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Investment property (continued) 
Investment properties are depreciated on straight line basis using estimated useful life of 20 years.  
Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment property is 
permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses 
on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
in the year of retirement or disposal. 
 
Fair value measurement 
For measurement and disclosure purposes, the Group determines the fair value of an asset or liability at initial 
measurement or at each reporting date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer 
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that 
price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. The fair value measurement is based on 
the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: 
 
In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
 
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group. The fair value of an asset or a 
liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, 
assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. 
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that 
would use the asset in its highest and best use. 
 
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of 
unobservable inputs. 
 
Fair value for measurement and/ or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined 
on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2; leasing 
transactions that are within the scope of IAS 17 and measurements that have some similarities to fair value, but 
are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 or value in use in IAS 36. 
 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are 
categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant 
to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
 
Level 1 – Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
Level 2 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable. 
 
Level 3 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable. 
 
For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the 
Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization 
(based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each 
reporting date. 
 
Financial instruments 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position 
when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets and financial 
liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or 
issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, 
as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets 
or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in consolidated statement of 
profit or loss. 
F-206

--- Page 421 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
34 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets  
 
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.  
 
All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at amortised cost or fair value through 
other comprehensive or fair value through profit and loss, depending on the classification of the financial assets.  
 
Classification of financial assets  
 
(i) Debt instruments designated at amortised cost 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at amortised cost: 
 
the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to 
collect contractual cash flows; and 
 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
For financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets (i.e. assets that are 
credit-impaired on initial recognition), the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future 
cash receipts (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction 
costs and other premiums or discounts) excluding expected credit losses, through the expected life of the debt 
instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the debt instrument on initial 
recognition. For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective interest rate 
is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to the amortised 
cost of the debt instrument on initial recognition. 
 
Amortised cost and effective interest rate method  
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition 
minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any 
difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. The gross 
carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any loss 
allowance. 
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument  and of allocating 
interest income over the relevant period. 
 
Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured subsequently at 
amortised cost and at FVTOCI. For financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired 
financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount 
of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets 
that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest 
rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit-
impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is 
recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. 
 
For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the Group recognises interest income by applying 
the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from initial recognition. The 
calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit risk of the financial asset subsequently improves 
so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired. 
 
(ii) Debt instruments designated at FVTOCI 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVTOCI): 
 
the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling the financial assets; and  
 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
F-207

--- Page 422 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
35 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets (continued) 
 
(iii) Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI 
On initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-by-instrument basis) to 
designate investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Designation at FVTOCI is not permitted if the equity 
investment is held for trading or if it is contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business 
combination. 
 
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. 
Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised 
in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve. The cumulative gain or loss will not be 
reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, instead, they will be 
transferred to retained earnings.  
 
Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss in 
accordance with IFRS 9, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. 
 
(iv) Financial assets at FVTPL 
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at 
FVTPL. Specifically: 
 
Investments in equity instruments are classified as at FVTPL, unless the Group designates an equity 
investment that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a business combination 
as at FVTOCI on initial recognition.  
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains 
or losses recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Impairment of financial assets 
 
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on investments in debt instruments 
that are measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI, trade and other receivables, contract assets, as well as on 
financial guarantee contracts. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect 
changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument. 
 
The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables and contract assets. The expected credit losses 
on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss 
experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment 
of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of 
money where appropriate. 
 
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased 
significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an 
amount equal to 12-month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on 
significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition instead of on evidence 
of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the reporting date. 
 
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the 
expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is 
expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the 
reporting date. 
 
 
 
F-208

--- Page 423 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
36 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets (continued) 
Impairment of financial assets (continued) 
 
(i) Significant increase in credit risk 
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, 
the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the 
risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this 
assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, 
including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.  
 
For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment is 
considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument for 
impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition 
of a financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified debtor will default 
on the contract. 
 
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying 
significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.  
 
(ii) Definition of default 
 
The Group employs statistical models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of probability of default 
(“PD”) of exposures with the passage of time. This analysis includes the identification for any changes in default 
rates and changes in key macro-economic factors across various geographies of the Group. For trade receivables, 
the average credit terms are 30-90 days. 
 
(iii) Credit-impaired financial assets 
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated 
future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes 
observable data about the following events: 
(a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; 
(b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event; 
(c) the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, 
having granted to the borrower a concession that the lender would not otherwise consider; 
(d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or 
(e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties. 
(iv) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses 
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default and the 
exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data 
adjusted by forward-looking information. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented 
by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes 
the amount drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down 
in the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific future 
financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking information. 
 
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that 
are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, 
discounted at the original effective interest rate.  
 
For a financial guarantee contract, as the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by 
the debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, the expected loss allowance is the 
expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that the Group expects 
to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.  
F-209

--- Page 424 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
37 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets (continued) 
Impairment of financial assets (continued) 
 
(iv) Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses (continued) 
The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in consolidated statement of profit or loss for all financial 
instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except 
for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, for which the loss allowance is recognised in 
other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve, and does not reduce the carrying amount 
of the financial asset in the consolidated statement of financial position. 
 
(v) Write-off policy 
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe 
financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.  
 
Derecognition of financial assets 
 
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, 
or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to 
another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and 
continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated 
liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership 
of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a 
collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received. 
 
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying 
amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in consolidated statement of profit 
or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the 
cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value reserve is reclassified to consolidated statement 
of profit or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected 
on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value 
reserve is not reclassified to consolidated statement profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings. 
 
A financial asset (or, where applicable a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is 
derecognised where: 
 
 the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; 
 the Group retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an obligation to pay them in full 
without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; or 
 the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either (a) has transferred substantially  
all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the  asset,  or  (b)  has  neither  transferred  nor  retained substantially all the risks 
and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset. 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
All financial liabilities are measured either at FVTPL or at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair value 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss to the extent that they are not part of a designated hedging 
relationship. The net gain or loss recognised in the consolidated statement profit or loss incorporates any interest 
paid on the financial liability.  
 
 
F-210

--- Page 425 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
38 
 
3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial liabilities (continued) 
 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL (continued) 
However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the 
financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk 
in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch consolidated statement of in 
profit or loss. The remaining amount of change in the fair value of liability is recognised in consolidated statement 
of profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to consolidated statement of 
profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained earnings upon derecognition of the financial liability.  
 
Gains or losses on financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group that are designated by the Group as at FVTPL 
are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost   
Financial liabilities, that are not designated as at FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method.  
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating 
interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated 
future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, 
transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial liability, or (where 
appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability. 
Derecognition of financial liabilities 
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, 
cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and 
the consideration paid and payable is recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Share capital 
 
Ordinary shares 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. The bonus shares and rights issued during the year are shown as an 
addition to the share capital. Issue of bonus shares are deducted from the accumulated retained earnings of the 
Group.  Any share premium on rights issue are accounted in compliance with local statutory requirements. 
 
Dividend on ordinary share capital 
Dividend distributions to the Group’s shareholders are recognized as a liability in the consolidated financial 
statements in the period in which the dividend are approved by the shareholders. Dividend for the year that are 
approved after the reporting date of the consolidated financial statements are considered as an event after the 
reporting date. 
 
Earnings per share 
 
The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated 
by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent by the weighted average number of 
ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to 
ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive 
potential ordinary shares, which comprise convertible notes and share options granted to employees, if any. 
 
Where the effect of the assumed conversion of the convertible notes and the exercise of all outstanding options have 
anti-dilutive effect, basic and diluted EPS are stated at the same amount. 
 
 
F-211

--- Page 426 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
39 
 
3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Inventories  
 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.  
 
The cost of inventories is based on the weighted average principle, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring 
the inventories and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing location and condition  
 
Net realisable value is based on estimated selling price less any further costs expected to be incurred on completion 
and disposal. 
 
Provisions 
 
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, 
and it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation. Provisions are measured as a best estimate 
of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the reporting date, and are discounted to present value where 
the effect is material. 
 
Decommissioning liability 
The Group recognises a decommissioning liability where it has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result 
of past events, and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable 
estimate of the amount of obligation can be made. 
 
The Group records full provision for the future costs of decommissioning for network and other assets. When the 
liability is initially recognised, the present value of the estimated costs is capitalised by increasing the carrying 
amount of the related network and other assets to the extent that it was incurred by the development/ construction.  
 
Changes in the estimated timing or cost of decommissioning are dealt with prospectively by recording an adjustment 
to the provision and a corresponding adjustment to network and other assets. Any reduction in the decommissioning 
liability and, therefore, any deduction from the asset to which it relates, may not exceed the carrying amount of that 
asset. If it does, any excess over the carrying value is taken immediately to the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
 
If the change in estimate results in an increase in the decommissioning liability and, therefore, an addition to the 
carrying value of the asset, the Group considers whether this is an indication of impairment of the asset as a whole, 
and if so, tests for impairment. If, the estimate for the revised value of network and other assets net of 
decommissioning provision exceeds the recoverable value, that portion of the increase is charged directly to expense. 
 
Over time, the discounted liability is increased for the change in present value based on the discount rate that reflects 
current market assessments and the risks specific to the liability. The periodic unwinding of the discount is 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as a finance cost. 
 
The Group recognises neither the deferred tax asset in respect of the temporary difference on the decommissioning 
liability nor the corresponding deferred tax liability in respect of the temporary difference on a decommissioning 
asset. 
 
End of service benefits 
The Group provides end of service benefits to its employees. The entitlement to these benefits is based upon the 
employees’ final salary and length of service, subject to the completion of a minimum service period, calculated 
under the provisions of the Labour Law and is payable upon resignation or termination of the employee. The 
expected costs of these benefits are accrued over the period of employment.  
 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits 
Pension costs under the Group’s defined benefit pension plans are determined by periodic actuarial calculation using 
the projected-unit-credit method and applying the assumptions on discount rate, expected return on plan assets and 
annual rate of increase in compensation.  
 
F-212

--- Page 427 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
40 
 
3    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Provisions (continued) 
 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits (continued) 
The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the 
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount and 
deducting the fair value of any plan assets. 
 
The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit 
credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the 
present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future 
contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any applicable 
minimum funding requirements. 
 
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan 
assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately 
in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit 
liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the 
beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes in the 
net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net interest 
expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
 
When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to past 
service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains and 
losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs. 
 
With respect to the Qatari nationals, the Company makes contributions to Qatar Retirement and Pension Authority as 
a percentage of the employees’ salaries in accordance with the requirements of respective local laws pertaining to 
retirement and pensions. The Company’s share of contributions to these schemes, which are defined contribution 
schemes under IAS – 19 Employee Benefits are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Long-term incentive plan 
The Group provides long term incentive points (the “benefit”) to its employees under the long term incentive plan. 
The entitlement to these benefits is based on employee performance and the overall performance of the Group, subject 
to fulfilling certain conditions (“vesting conditions”) under documented plan and is payable upon end of the vesting 
period (the “exercise date”). The benefit is linked to the performance of employees and the Group, and the Group 
proportionately recognise the liability against these benefits over the vesting period through the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss, until the employees become unconditionally entitled to the benefit.  
 
The fair value of the liability is reassessed on each reporting date and any changes in the fair value of the benefit are 
recognized through the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Once the benefit is settled in cash at the exercise date, the liability is derecognised. The amount of cash settlement is 
determined based on number of factors including the number of incentive points awarded, the Company’s operating 
performance based on predetermined targets and the Company’s share price performance over the vesting period. On 
breach of the vesting conditions, the liability is derecognised through the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Foreign currency transactions 
Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of 
each entity are measured using that functional currency. Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by 
the Group entities at their respective functional currency rate prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets 
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the functional currency spot rate of exchange 
ruling at the end of the financial reporting year.   
F-213

--- Page 428 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
41 
 
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Foreign currency transactions (continued) 
 
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign 
currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined. Foreign currency 
differences arising on retranslation are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, except for 
differences arising on the retranslation of available-for-sale equity investments which are recognised in other 
comprehensive income. 
 
Translation of foreign operations 
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition, 
are translated to Qatari riyals at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations 
are translated to Qatari Riyals at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. 
 
Foreign currency differences are recognised in other comprehensive income, and presented in the foreign currency 
translation reserve (translation reserve) in equity. However, if the operation is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary, then 
the relevant proportionate share of the translation difference is allocated to the non-controlling interests. When a 
foreign operation is disposed of such that control or significant influence is lost, the cumulative amount in the 
translation reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as 
part of the gain or loss on disposal.  
 
When the Group disposes of only part of its interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation while retaining 
control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to non-controlling interests. When the Group 
disposes of only part of its investment in an associate that includes a foreign operation while retaining significant 
influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to consolidated statement 
of profit or loss. 
 
 
When the settlement of a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation is neither planned nor likely 
in the foreseeable future, foreign exchange gains and losses arising from such a monetary item are considered to form 
part of a net investment in a foreign operation and are recognised in other comprehensive income, and presented in 
the translation reserve in equity. 
 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
 
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets, other than inventories are reviewed at each reporting 
date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s 
recoverable amount is estimated.  The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its 
value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are 
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together 
into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of 
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).  
 
An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated 
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Impairment losses recognized in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount 
of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (group 
of units) on a pro rata basis. Impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for 
any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a 
change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the 
extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net 
of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. 
 
 
F-214

--- Page 429 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
42 
 
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Segment reporting 
 
Segment results that are reported to the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) include items directly 
attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Financial information on 
operating segments is presented in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
Events after the reporting date 
 
The consolidated financial statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the reporting date and 
the date when the consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, provided they give evidence of 
conditions that existed at the reporting date. Any post year-end events that are non-adjusting events are discussed 
on the consolidated financial statements when material. 
 
4   REVENUE 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of telecommunication services 
 
28,238,146 
 
27,895,273   
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
 
1,380,006 
 
1,747,461  
Revenue from use of assets by others 
 
 297,389  
 
283,990  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29,915,541 
 
29,926,724 
  
Timing of revenue recognition 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
 
1,380,006 
 
1,747,461 
Overtime 
 
28,535,535 
 
28,179,263 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29,915,541 
 
29,926,724   
 
Management expects that the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts as at 31 December 2019, 
mainly relating to deferred income, will be recognized as revenue during 2020 and 2021. 
 
5   OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Outpayments and interconnect charges 
 
2,404,144 
 
2,445,705 
Regulatory and related fees 
 
 2,516,260  
 
2,446,224 
Rentals and utilities – network 
 
1,158,179 
 
1,755,657 
Network operation and maintenance 
 
2,160,914 
 
2,129,052 
Cost of equipment sold and other services 
 
2,752,919 
 
3,011,024 
Provision for obsolete and slow moving inventories 
 
38,761 
 
15,848 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11,031,177 
 
11,803,510 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-215

--- Page 430 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
43 
 
6 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Employee salaries and associated costs 
 
3,207,576 
 
3,269,380 
Marketing costs and sponsorship 
 
876,631 
 
932,101 
Commission on cards 
 
 581,063   
594,934 
Legal and professional fees 
 
267,905 
 
215,816 
Rental and utilities  
 
111,192 
 
253,226 
Allowance for impairment of trade receivables  
 
231,337 
 
342,590 
Repairs and maintenance  
 
86,961 
 
88,698 
Other expenses 
 
731,521 
 
712,967 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6,094,186 
 
6,409,712 
7  DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
 
5,707,580  
5,982,369 
Depreciation of investment property 
 
9,511  
8,128 
Amortisation of intangible assets 
 
1,761,732  
2,010,000 
Amortisation of right-of-use assets 
 
1,108,826  
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8,587,649 
 
8,000,497 
 
8  NET FINANCE COSTS  
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Finance cost 
 
 
 
 
Interest expenses  
 
1,815,641 
 
1,858,486 
Profit on Islamic financing obligation 
 
52,745 
 
170,965 
Amortisation of deferred financing costs (Note 28) 
 
52,158 
 
93,385 
Interest cost on lease liability 
 
451,996 
 
- 
Other finance charges 
 
32,271 
 
(29,410) 
 
 
2,404,811 
 
2,093,426 
Finance income 
 
 
 
 
Interest income 
 
(317,145) 
 
(360,624) 
 
 
 
 
 
Net finance costs 
 
2,087,666 
 
1,732,802 
9 OTHER INCOME – NET 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign currency (loss) gain  – net  
 
156,306 
 
(360,366) 
Dividend income 
 
8,003 
 
43,750 
Rental income  
 
31,464 
 
 30,003 
Change in fair value of derivatives – net  
 
(10,661) 
 
4,516 
Unrealised gain on equity investments at FVTPL 
 
(18,640) 
 
30,554 
Miscellaneous income – net (i) 
 
1,145,100 
 
 720,883 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,311,572 
 
 469,340 
i. Miscellaneous income – net includes: 
 In 2019, a gain of approximately QR. 668,000 thousand arising from sale and leaseback transaction entered 
into by one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo (Note 12, 14). 
 In 2018, gain on loss of control of a subsidiary and compensation received for performing certain one off 
ancillary services in Qatar. 
F-216

--- Page 431 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
44 
 
10 ROYALTIES AND FEES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Royalty (i) 
 
276,634 
 
262,603 
Industry fees (ii) 
 
198,361 
 
206,763 
Other statutory fees (iii) 
 
16,642 
 
19,790 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
491,637 
 
 489,156 
 
i. 
Royalty is payable to the Government of the Sultanate of Oman based on 12% of the net of predefined sources 
of revenue and interconnection expenses to local operators for mobile license and 7% for fixed license.  
 
ii. 
In accordance with its operating licenses for Public Telecommunications Networks and Services granted in 
Qatar by ictQATAR, now referred to as the Communications Regulatory Authority (CRA), the Company is 
liable to pay to the CRA an annual industry fee which is calculated at 12.5% of adjusted net profit on regulated 
activities undertaken in Qatar pursuant to the licenses. 
 
iii. 
Contributions by National Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. to Kuwait Foundation for the 
Advancement of Sciences (“KFAS”), National Labour Support Tax (“NLST”) and Zakat are included under 
other statutory fees. 
 
11 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Parent by 
the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year.  There were no potentially dilutive shares 
outstanding at any time during the year and therefore, the diluted earnings per share is equal to the basic earnings 
per share. 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent (QR.’000) 
 
1,724,826 
 
1,565,065 
 
 
 
 
 
Weighted average number of shares (in ’000) 
 
3,203,200 
 
3,203,200 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic and diluted earnings per share (QR.) 
 
0.54 
 
0.49 
 
*Refer to Note 3.2.1 for impact of IFRS 16 adoption on basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 *Refer to Note 46 for information on share split. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-217

--- Page 432 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
45 
 
12    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  
 
 
 
 
Land and 
buildings  
Exchange 
and 
networks 
assets 
 
Subscriber 
apparatus 
and other 
equipment  
 
Capital 
work in 
progress 
 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000  
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Cost 
  
  
  
 
 
 
At 1 January 2018  
8,229,153  
56,419,228  
7,776,746  
2,166,966  
74,592,093  
Additions  
270,682 
 
902,183 
 
203,013 
 
3,560,753 
 
4,936,631 
Transfers 
235,168  
1,844,468  
486,813  (2,566,449) 
 
- 
Disposals  
(48,399)  
(336,902)  
(244,397) 
 
(34) 
 
(629,732) 
Impairment 
-  
-  
-  
(29,571) 
 
(29,571) 
Reclassification 
2,949  
446,288  
(225,151)  
(211,125)  
12,961 
Exchange adjustment 
(330,921)  
(2,225,290)  
(328,233)  
(95,432)  
(2,979,876) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018  
8,358,632  57,049,975  
7,668,791  
2,825,108 
 
75,902,506 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
Initial application of IFRS 16 
(1,516,679)  
 (104,098)  
 (203,203)  
 -  
  (1,823,980) 
Additions  
 11,495   
 1,135,361   
 118,203   
 5,078,973  
 
 6,344,032  
Transfers 
 34,613   
 1,417,801   
 188,370    (1,640,784) 
 
 -  
Disposals  
 (313,883)   (1,964,581)  
 (271,368)  
 (16) 
  (2,549,848) 
Reclassification 
 245,278   
 2,591,652   
 106,610    (2,964,319) 
 
(20,779) 
Exchange adjustment 
 161,462   
 1,125,193   
 133,050   
 60,254  
 
 1,479,959  
 
  
  
  
  
 
At 31 December 2019 
6,980,918  61,251,303  
7,740,453  
3,359,216 
 
79,331,890 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation 
  
  
  
 
 
 
At 1 January 2018  
4,397,267  35,290,154  
5,430,365  
 -   
45,117,786 
Provided during the year  
495,931  
4,682,232  
804,206  
- 
 
5,982,369 
Disposals  
(26,756) 
 
(358,027)  
(131,233)  
- 
 
(516,016) 
Reclassification 
(14,156) 
 
158,811  
(131,557)  
- 
 
13,098 
Impairment  
4,006 
 
16,023  
-  
- 
 
20,029 
Exchange adjustment 
(216,484) 
 (1,484,103)  
(221,666)  
- 
 
(1,922,253) 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018  
4,639,808  38,305,090  
5,750,115  
- 
 
48,695,013 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
Initial application of IFRS 16 
 (820,409)  
 (25,667)  
 (97,624)  
- 
 
 (943,700) 
Provided during the year  
 355,083   
 4,578,483   
 774,014   
- 
 
 5,707,580  
Disposals  
 (203,106)   (1,788,702) 
 (236,221)  
- 
  (2,228,029) 
Reclassification 
(9,497)  
39,462 
(34,755)  
- 
 
(4,790) 
Exchange adjustment 
 119,156   
838,601  
103,020  
- 
 
1,060,777 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
4,081,035  41,947,267  
6,258,549  
- 
 
52,286,851 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
2,899,883  19,304,036  
1,481,904  
3,359,216 
 
27,045,039 
At 31 December 2018 
 
3,718,824 
 
 
18,744,885 
 
 
1,918,676 
 
 
2,825,108 
 
 
27,207,493 
(i) In 2018, exchange and network assets included finance lease assets recognized on account of sale and lease back 
transaction of one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo, which form part of right-of-use assets at 31 
December 2019. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-218

--- Page 433 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
46 
 
12   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
(ii) Asiacell reached an agreement with a local bank wherein it received properties in exchange for the equivalent 
value of the bank deposits. As at 31 December 2019, Asiacell had received parcels of lands and buildings located 
in Baghdad and Sulaymaniah amounting to QR. 481,900 thousand.  Currently, the legal title is transferred to a 
related party of Asiacell and it will be transferred in the name of Asiacell upon completing legal formalities. 
However, the Group has obtained an indemnity letter from the related party that these assets are under the Group’s 
control and the ownership will be transferred upon completing the legal formalities. During the year Asiacell 
appointed a third party consultant to review the status of these properties. 
(iii) Certain property, plant and equipment amounting to QR. 138,837 thousand (2018: 295,928 thousand) are used 
as collaterals to secure the Group’s borrowings.  
 
F-219

--- Page 434 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
47 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
13    INTANGIBLE
 
ASSETS AND GOODWILL
 
 
              
 
 
 
Goodwill 
 
License 
costs 
 
Customer 
contracts and 
related customer  
relationship 
 
 
 
Brand / 
Trade names 
 
 
IRU, software and 
other intangibles 
 
Total 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2018  
9,676,076   
28,939,463  
 
652,027  
 
2,663,251  
 
3,684,600 
 
45,615,417 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
- 
 
1,101,677 
 
- 
 
- 
 
207,193 
 
1,308,870 
Disposals 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(27,930) 
 
(27,930) 
Reclassification 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(12,961) 
 
(12,961) 
Exchange adjustment 
(662,179) 
 
(1,126,041) 
 
(47,716) 
 
(123,921)  
(54,282) 
 
(2,014,139) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018  
9,013,897 
 
28,915,099 
 
604,311 
 
2,539,330 
 
3,796,620 
 
44,869,257 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
- 
 
912,835 
 
- 
 
- 
 
211,465 
 
1,124,300 
Disposals 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(94,174) 
 
(94,174) 
Reclassification 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
1,273 
 
1,273 
Exchange adjustment 
287,093 
 
412,683 
 
26,325 
 
75,311 
 
15,855 
 
817,267 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
9,300,990 
 
30,240,617 
 
630,636 
 
2,614,641 
 
3,931,039 
 
46,717,923 
                                                                         
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 
 
 
 
F-220

--- Page 435 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
48 
 
 
13 INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
 
 
Goodwill 
 
License 
costs 
 
Customer 
contracts and 
related customer 
relationship 
 
Brand/ 
Trade names 
  
 
IRU, software 
and other 
intangibles 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
  
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Accumulated amortisation and impairment losses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2018  
578,846  
 
11,777,967   
650,661   
1,526,035   
2,276,925  
16,810,434 
Amortisation / impairment during the year 
9,760 
 
1,612,513 
 
1,024 
 
83,893 
 
312,570  
2,019,760 
Disposals 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(24,890) 
 
(24,890) 
Reclassification 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(13,098)  
(13,098) 
Exchange adjustment 
(45,656)  
(377,506)  
(47,714)  
(63,816)  
(44,943)  
(579,635) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
At 31 December 2018  
 
542,950 
 
13,012,974 
 
603,971 
 
1,546,112 
 
2,506,564 
 
18,212,571 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation / impairment during the year 
- 
 
1,641,603 
 
339 
 
84,261 
 
306,019 
 
2,032,222 
Disposals 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(90,921) 
 
(90,921) 
Exchange adjustment 
19,978 
 
146,519 
 
26,326 
 
37,970 
 
13,371 
 
244,164 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
562,928 
 
14,801,096 
 
630,636 
 
1,668,343 
 
2,735,033 
 
20,398,036 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
8,738,062 
 
15,439,521 
 
- 
 
946,298 
 
1,196,006 
 
26,319,887 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018 
8,470,947 
 
15,902,125 
 
340 
 
993,218 
 
1,290,056 
 
26,656,686 
F-221

--- Page 436 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
49 
 
 
13. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
i. 
Impairment testing of goodwill 
 
Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to individual cash generating units (CGUs) 
for impairment testing as follows: 
 
Cash generating units 
Carrying 
value 
 
Carrying 
value 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Ooredoo Kuwait 
 587,715  
 
586,767 
Ooredoo Algeria  
 2,125,951  
 
2,122,379 
Ooredoo Tunisie 
 2,466,955  
 
2,331,651 
Indosat Ooredoo  
 3,162,271  
 
3,035,030 
Asiacell 
 353,408  
 
353,408 
Ooredoo Maldives 
 29,739  
 
29,689 
Others 
 12,023  
 
12,023 
 
 
8,738,062 
 
8,470,947 
 
Goodwill was tested for impairment as at 31 December 2019. The recoverable amount of the CGUs was 
determined based on value in use calculated using cash flows projections by management covering a period of 
five to seven years.  
During the year, the Group has recorded an impairment loss against certain assets since their recoverable amount 
was lower than their carrying value. 
ii. Key Assumptions used in value in use calculations 
Key Assumptions 
The principal assumptions used to determine value-in-use include long-term cash flows, discount rates, terminal 
value growth rate estimates, EBITDA growth rate and CAPEX. The assumptions are constructed based upon 
historic experience and management’s best estimate of future trends and performance and take into account 
anticipated efficiency improvements over the forecasted period. 
 
Discount rates 
Discount rates reflect management’s estimate of the risks specific to each unit. Discount rates are based on a 
weighted average cost of capital for each CGU and ranged from 8.4% to 16.6% (2018: 8.8% to 16.2%).  In 
determining the appropriate discount rates for each unit, the yield local market ten-year government bond is used, 
where available. If unavailable, yield on a ten-year US Treasury bond and specific risk factors for each country 
has been taken into consideration. 
 
Budgeted Capex 
The cash flow forecasts for budgeted capital expenditure are based on past experience and include the ongoing 
capital expenditure required to continue rolling out networks in emerging markets, providing enhanced voice and 
data products and services, and meeting the population coverage requirements of certain licenses of the Group. 
Capital expenditure includes cash outflows for the purchase of property, plant and equipment and other intangible 
assets. 
 
Long-term cash flows and working capital estimates 
The Group prepares cash flow forecasts for the next five to seven years, derived from the most recent annual 
business plan approved by the Board of Directors.  
 
The business plans take into account local market considerations such as the number of subscribers, roaming 
revenue, average revenue per user, operating costs, taxes, capital expenditure, and EBITDA. The growth rate 
does not exceed average long-term growth rate for the relevant markets and it ranges from 2.75% to 5.5% (2018: 
2.75% to 4%). 
F-222

--- Page 437 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
50 
 
 
14 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
 
 
Right-of-use assets 
 
 
 
 
Land and 
buildings 
 Exchange 
and 
network 
assets 
 
Subscriber 
apparatus and 
other 
equipment 
 Indefeasible 
rights-of-use 
(IRU) 
 
Total 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
Cost 
  
  
  
  
  
Initial application of IFRS 16 
at 1 January 2019 
 2,822,800   
3,892,212  
231,053  
72,005  
7,018,070 
 
Additions 
 907,695   
676,331  
7,603  
3,796  
1,595,425  
Reduction on early 
termination 
 (6,532)  
(8,477)  
(15,008)  
(1,835)  
(31,852) 
 
Disposals 
(181,650)   
-  
-  
-  
(181,650)  
Exchange adjustment 
80,866  
65,541  
8,275  
121  
154,803  
 
 
3,623,179 
 
 
4,625,607 
 
 
 
231,923 
 
 
74,087 
 
 
8,554,796 
 
Accumulated amortisation 
  
  
  
  
  
Initial application of IFRS 
16 at 1 January 2019 
981,963  
297,721  
98,893  
19,625  
1,398,202 
 
Provided during the year 
482,428  
557,810  
60,397  
8,191  
1,108,826  
Reduction on early 
termination 
(1,226)  
(2,201)  
(14,952)  
(1,835)  
(20,214) 
 
Disposals 
(19,174)  
-  
-  
-  
(19,174)  
Exchange adjustment 
41,732  
6,554  
4,835  
187  
53,308  
 
 
1,485,723 
 
 
859,884 
 
 
149,173 
 
 
26,168 
 
 
2,520,948 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
2,137,456  
3,765,723  
82,750  
47,919  
6,033,848 
 
Following the election of the Group not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term and 
low-value leases, QR. 374,334 thousand and QR. 2,850 thousand, respectively, were recognized as expenses 
during the year. Moreover, variable lease payments which were recognized as expenses during 2019 amounted 
to QR. 4,255 thousand. 
 
F-223

--- Page 438 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
51 
 
 
15 INVESTMENT PROPERTY 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
 
151,087 
 
151,087 
Transfer from property, plant and equipment 
 
19,506 
 
- 
At 31 December  
 
170,593 
 
 
151,087 
 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
 
98,285 
 
90,157 
Transfer from property, plant and equipment 
 
4,790 
 
- 
Provided during the year 
 
9,511 
 
8,128 
At 31 December 
 
112,586 
 
 
98,285 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
At 31 December 
 
 
58,007 
 
 
52,802 
Investment property comprises of the portion of the Group’s head quarter building rented to a related party. 
There was a valuation exercise performed by an external valuer, and management believe that the fair value 
investment property is approximately QR. 237,244 thousand (2018: QR. 214,014 thousand), which is higher 
than the carrying value at reporting dates. The fair value was determined based on the market comparable 
approach that reflects recent transaction prices for similar properties/ other methods.  The fair value hierarchy 
for valuation of investment property is categorized under level 2. 
The property rental income earned by the Group from its investment property, all of which is leased out under 
operating leases, amounted to QR. 31,464 thousand (2018: QR. 30,003 thousand).  
 
 
 
F-224

--- Page 439 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
52 
 
 
16 INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES 
The Group has the following investment in associates and joint ventures: 
Associate / Joint Venture 
companies 
Principal activity 
Classification 
Country of 
incorporation 
Effective 
ownership 
 
 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Navlink, Inc., a Delaware 
Corporation 
Managed Service 
Provider delivering 
technology solutions in 
the enterprise data 
market 
Associate 
United States of 
America 
38% 
38% 
Asia Mobile Holdings Pte 
Ltd (“AMH”) 
Holding company 
Associate 
Singapore 
25% 
25% 
PT Multi Media Asia 
Indonesia 
Satellite based 
telecommunication 
services 
Associate 
Indonesia 
17% 
17% 
MEEZA QSTP LLC 
Information technology 
services 
Associate 
Qatar 
20% 
20% 
PT Citra Bakti, Indonesia 
Product certification and 
testing 
Associate 
Indonesia 
9% 
9% 
Titan Bull Holdings Limited Holding Company 
Associate 
Cayman Islands 
18% 
18% 
Monetix SPA 
Electronic Banking 
Associate 
Algeria 
19% 
19% 
SB ISAT Fund, L.P. 
Investment Management 
Associate 
Cayman Islands 
28% 
28% 
PT Palapa Satelit Nusa 
Sejahtera 
Satellite 
Telecommunication 
Operator and Services 
Associate 
Indonesia 
23% 
23% 
Mountain Indosat Company 
Ltd ("MCL") 
Business Incubation and 
Digital Services 
Associate 
Hong Kong 
29% 
29% 
PT Satera Manajemen 
Persada Indonesia 
Telecommunication 
Services and Equipment 
Provider 
Associate 
Indonesia 
32% 
32% 
PT Artajasa Pembayaran 
Elektronis 
Electronic payment  
services 
Associate 
Indonesia 
26% 
26% 
Asia Internet Holding S.a 
r.l., 
Holding Company 
Joint venture 
Luxembourg 
50% 
50% 
Intaleq Technology 
Consulting & Services 
W.L.L 
Technical services for 
Sports venues and events 
Joint venture 
Qatar 
55% 
55% 
F-225

--- Page 440 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
53 
 
 
16 INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED) 
 
 
The following table is the summarised financial information of the Group’s investments in the associates and joint ventures: 
 
Associates 
Joint ventures 
Total 
 
Associates 
Joint ventures 
Total 
 
2019 
2019 
2019 
 
2018 
2018 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Group’s share of associates and joint ventures statement of financial position: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 1,041,366  
44,463 
1,085,829  
1,070,163 
58,993 
1,129,156 
Non-current assets 
 2,957,771  
51,824 
3,009,595  
2,897,442 
68,918 
2,966,360 
Current liabilities 
 (740,543) 
(3,366) 
(743,909) 
 
(731,827) 
(4,460) 
(736,287) 
Non-current liabilities 
 
(2,280,708) 
- 
(2,280,708) 
 
(2,178,034) 
- 
(2,178,034) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net assets 
977,886 
92,921 
1,070,807  
1,057,744 
123,451 
1,181,195 
Goodwill  
901,105 
- 
901,105  
965,751 
- 
965,751 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Carrying amount of the investments 
1,878,991 
92,921 
1,971,912  
2,023,495 
123,451 
2,146,946 
Group’s share of associates’ and joint ventures’ revenues and results: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
1,686,758 
34 
1,686,792  
1,772,158  
1,764  
1,773,922  
Share of results – net of tax 
64,622 
(7,550) 
57,072 
 
 
231,380  
 
257,357  
 
488,737  
 
16.1. The significant balance of investment in associates relates to Asia Mobile Holdings Pte Ltd. (“AMH”) and PT Artajasa Pembayaran Elektronis. During the year, management has performed 
impairment assessment of AMH based on the indicators and currently available information. The Group has applied value-in-use approach to determine the recoverable amount of the investment 
in AMH and no impairment was noted. The Group has used WACC of 5.62% and terminal growth rate of 3.23% in their business model. Management has incorporated their effective share in 
AMH, based on the estimated unaudited financial information of AMH, in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.  
16.2. During 2019, the Group recognised an impairment loss allowance of QR. 78,000 thousand on one of its associates. 
16.3. During 2018, one of the Group’s joint ventures, Asia Internet Holdings S.a.r.l., entered into a Sale and Purchase agreement with a third party for disposal of one of its major subsidiary.  The 
disposal was finalized on 8 May 2018 and has resulted in a gain. 
16.4. Based on the investment agreement, the Group had committed to fund Asia Internet Holding (AIH), a joint venture with Rocket Internet. In 2017, the Group has funded QR. 378,838 
thousand, however, in 2018 the Group reversed the remaining payable amount of QR. 108,180 thousand committed on the agreement, since the contractual obligation to pay the deferred 
consideration has been waived. 
16.5. During 2018, the Group recognised an impairment loss allowance of QR. 143,928 thousand, impairing the related goodwill, recorded on acquisition of Asia Internet Holding.  
16.6. During 2018, one of the Group’s associate, Titan Bull Holdings entered into a Sale and Purchase agreement with a third party for disposal of its subsidiary. The disposal was finalized on 8 
August 2018 and has resulted in a gain on disposal.     
16.7. During 2018, as a result of loss of control of one of its subsidiaries, the Group has accounted for PT Artajasa Pembayaran Elektronis as an investment in associate. 
F-226

--- Page 441 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
54 
 
17 FINANCIAL ASSETS – EQUITY INSTRUMENTS 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Investment in equity instrument designated at FVTOCI (i) 
828,789 
 
855,195 
Financial assets measured at FVTPL (i) 
75,651 
 
92,042 
 
 
904,440 
 
947,237 
 
 
 
 
The respective fair value of these investments is disclosed in note 40. 
Note 
(i) The Group’s financial assets comprise of investments in telecommunication related companies, hedge 
funds, private equity and venture capital funds. The investment in hedge funds is fair valued through 
statement of profit or loss. 
 
Other investments are fair valued through other comprehensive income. The Group has elected to designate 
these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as these investments are held for medium to long-
term strategic purposes and not held for trading. Further, management believe that recognising short-term 
fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in the consolidated statement of profit or loss would not be 
consistent with the Group’s strategy. 
 
18 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepaid rentals  
 
540 
 
304,973 
Other long term receivables 
 
633,703 
 
461,224 
Others  
 
98,000 
 
92,797 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
732,243 
 
858,994 
 
19 INCOME TAX  
 
Income tax represents amounts recognised by subsidiary companies. The major components of income tax 
expense for the years 2019 and 2018 are: 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Current income tax 
 
 
 
Current income tax charge  
452,051 
 
490,673 
Adjustments in respect of previous years’ income tax 
47,925 
 
233,103 
 
 
 
 
Deferred income tax 
 
 
 
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences 
(77,885) 
 
(238,815) 
 
 
 
 
Income tax included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss 
422,091 
 
484,961 
 
The Company is not subject to income tax in the State of Qatar. The tax rate applicable to the taxable 
subsidiaries is in the range of 10% to 37% (2018: 10% to 36%). For the purpose of determining the taxable 
results for the year, the accounting profit of the companies were adjusted for tax purposes. Adjustments for 
tax purposes include items relating to both income and expense allowed in accordance with respective tax 
laws of subsidiaries. 
 
F-227

--- Page 442 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
55 
 
19 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED) 
 
Income tax represents amounts recognised by subsidiary companies. The major components of income tax 
expense for the years 2019 and 2018 are: 
 
The adjustments are based on the current understanding of the existing laws, regulations and practices of 
each subsidiaries’ jurisdiction. In view of the operations of the Group being subject to various tax 
jurisdictions and regulations, it is not practical to provide a detailed reconciliation between accounting and 
taxable profits together with the details of the effective tax rates. As a result, the reconciliation includes only 
the identifiable major reconciling items. The Group tax reconciliation is presented as follows:  
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
Profit before tax  
2,646,103 
 
2,277,691 
Profit of parent and subsidiaries not subject to corporate income tax 
(1,119,738) 
 (1,738,481) 
 
 
 
 
Profit of parent and subsidiaries subject to corporate income tax 
1,526,365 
 
539,210 
 
 
 
Add: 
 
 
Allowances, accruals and other temporary differences 
(418,455) 
 
880,629 
Expenses and income that are not subject to corporate tax 
822,256 
 
1,086,893 
Depreciation – net of accounting and tax 
463,491 
 
200,994 
Unrealised tax losses brought forward 
(2,045) 
 
- 
Taxable profit of subsidiaries and associates that are  
 
 
 
subject to corporate income tax  
2,391,612 
 
2,707,726 
 
 
 
 
Income tax charge at the effective income tax rate of 19% (2018: 18%) 
452,051 
 
490,673 
 
 
Consolidated statement 
of financial position 
 Consolidated statement 
of profit or loss 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 QR.’000  
QR.’000 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
Accelerated depreciation for tax purposes 
231,967  
54,497  
50,820  
87,792 
Losses available to offset against future taxable 
income 
231,464 
 
216,119 
 
5,839 
 
241,450 
Allowances, accruals and other temporary differences 
173,838  
270,295  
(2,467)  (113,988) 
Deferred tax origination on purchase price allocation 
(318,886)  
(329,279)  
23,693  
23,561 
 
  
  
  
 
Deferred tax asset / deferred tax income – net  
318,383  
211,632  
77,885  
238,815 
 
Reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position as follows: 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax asset  
658,851 
 
569,892 
Deferred tax liability 
(340,468) 
 
(358,260) 
 
318,383 
 
211,632 
 
 
 
F-228

--- Page 443 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
56 
 
19 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED) 
 
Movement of deferred tax asset – net 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
 211,632 
 
(32,966) 
Initial adoption of IFRS 16 
 31,742 
 
- 
Initial adoption of IFRS 15 
 -     
23,345 
Initial adoption of IFRS 9 
 -     
2,759 
Deferred tax income during the year 
 77,885 
 
238,815 
Deferred tax on other comprehensive income (loss) 
 1,054 
 
(18,018) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (3,930)  
 
(2,303) 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
318,383 
 
211,632 
 
20   CONTRACT COSTS AND ASSETS  
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Current 
345,919 
 
312,070 
Non-Current 
194,971 
 
151,806 
 
540,890 
 
 
463,876 
 
Contract costs and assets primary relates to the Group’s right on consideration for goods and services provided 
but not billed at the reporting date. The Group has determined that contract costs and assets are to be recognised 
at the performance obligation level and not at the contract level. 
 
21 INVENTORIES 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Subscribers’ equipment 
 344,535  
 
429,323 
Other equipment 
245,984 
 
238,876 
Cables and transmission equipment 
 103,585  
 
81,131 
 
 
 
 
 
694,104 
 
749,330 
Less: Provision for obsolete and slow moving inventories  
(136,799) 
 
(106,269) 
 
 
 
 
 
557,305 
 
643,061 
 
Inventories consumed are recognised as expense and included under operating expenses. These amounted 
to QR. 1,744,093 thousand (2018: QR. 1,890,677  thousand).  
 
Movement in the provision for obsolete and slow moving inventories is as follows: 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
 
106,269 
 
108,193 
Provided during the year  
 
38,761 
 
15,848 
Amounts reversed (written off) 
 
(16,743) 
 
(15,400) 
Exchange adjustment 
 
8,512 
 
(2,372) 
 
At 31 December 
 
136,799 
 
106,269 
F-229

--- Page 444 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
57 
 
22   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES  
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade receivables – net of impairment allowances 
 
3,117,478 
 
3,128,879 
Other receivables and prepayments – net of impairment allowances 
 
3,654,651 
 
4,000,871 
Unbilled subscribers revenue – net of impairment allowances 
 
936,294 
 
518,543 
Amounts due from international carriers – net of impairment allowances 
 
652,184 
 
584,673 
Positive fair value of derivatives contracts  
 
 -  
 
264 
Net prepaid pension costs 
 
 233  
 
313 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8,360,840 
 
8,233,543 
 
At 31 December 2019, trade receivables amounting to QR. 1,849,915 thousand (2018: QR. 1,688,461 
thousand) were impaired and fully provided for. 
 
At 31 December, the ageing of trade receivables – net of impairment allowances is as follows: 
 
 
Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 
2019 
< 30 days 
30 – 60 days 
60-90 days 
90-365 
   > 365 days 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
925,994 
441,007 
363,377 
543,263 
843,837 
3,117,478 
2018 
 
1,092,456 
321,716 
174,670 
621,073 
918,964 
3,128,879 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Unimpaired receivables are expected on the basis of past experience to be fully recoverable. It is not the 
practice of the Group to obtain collateral over receivables and the vast majorities are therefore, unsecured.  
The average credit period on sales of goods and rendering of services varies from 30 to 90 days depending 
on the type of customer and local market conditions. No interest is charged on outstanding trade receivables.  
The Group always measures the loss allowance for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECL 
using the simplified approach. The expected credit losses on trade receivables are estimated using a provision 
matrix by reference to past default experience of the debtor and an analysis of the debtor’s current financial 
position, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions of the industry in 
which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions 
at the reporting date. The Group has recognised a loss allowance of QR. 231,337 thousand (2018: QR. 
342,590 thousand) against trade receivables. 
 
 
F-230

--- Page 445 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
58 
 
22     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED) 
The following table details the risk profile of trade receivables based on the Group’s provision matrix. As 
the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not show significantly different loss patterns for different 
customer segments, the provision for loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished 
between the Group’s different customer base. 
 
 
 
Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 2019 
< 30 days 
30 – 60 days 
60-90 days 
90-365 
   > 365 days 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit loss rate 
6% 
7%  
9%  
35%  
63%  
37% 
Estimated total gross 
carrying amount at default 
987,453 
475,912 
398,324 
832,435 
2,273,269 
4,967,393 
Lifetime ECL 
61,459 
34,905 
34,947 
289,172 
1,429,432 
1,849,915 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                     Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 2018 
< 30 days 
30 – 60 days 
60-90 days 
90-365 
   > 365 days 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit loss rate 
3% 
17% 
25% 
34% 
57% 
35% 
Estimated total gross 
carrying amount at default 
1,130,649 
385,493  
233,180  
944,559  
2,123,459  
4,817,340  
Lifetime ECL 
38,193 
63,777  
58,510  
323,486  
1,204,495  
1,688,461 
The below table shows the collective assessment of movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for 
trade and other receivables in accordance with the simplified approach set out in IFRS 9. 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 QR.’000 
 
 QR.’000 
Balance as at 1 January  
 
1,688,461  
 
1,502,363 
Initial adoption of IFRS 9 
 
-  
56,831 
Allowance for impairment (Note 6) 
 
231,337  
342,590 
Amounts written off 
 
(103,478)  
(70,015) 
Amounts recovered 
 
(937)  
(39,901) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
 
34,532  
(103,407) 
 
  
 
Balance as at 31 December  
 
1,849,915  
1,688,461 
 
 
  
 
 
 
F-231

--- Page 446 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
59 
 
23     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  
 
Cash and cash equivalents included in the consolidated statement of cash flows comprise the following items: 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Bank balances and cash – net of impairment allowance (i, ii) 
14,716,148 
 
17,493,273 
Bank overdraft 
(292,417) 
 
(69,388) 
 
14,423,731 
 
17,423,885 
Less: 
 
 
 
Deposits with maturity of more than three months (iii) 
(209,464) 
 
(99,134) 
Restricted deposits (iv) 
(860,386) 
 
(791,609) 
Cash and cash equivalents as per consolidated statement of cash 
flows at 31 December (v) 
13,353,881 
 
16,533,142 
 
(i) 
Bank balances and cash equivalents include deposits maturing after three months amounting to QR. 
3,305,000 thousand (2018: QR. 5,625,000 thousand).  The Group is of the opinion that these deposits 
are readily convertible to cash and are held to meet short-term commitments. The Group recorded QR. 
3,268 thousand (2018: 2,386 thousand) provision for impairment. 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Deposits are made for varying periods depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group 
and earn interest on the respective deposit rates ranging from 1.21% to 12.75% (2018: 0.50% to 
12.52%). 
 
(iii) 
Deposits with maturity of more than three months were reclassified from bank balances and cash. 
 
(iv) 
On 29 June 2016, Asiacell received a letter from one of its banks notifying that cash in the amount of  
QR. 173,971 thousand was transferred from current account to restricted cash. This is based on the 
Communications and Media Commission of Iraq letter dated 4 February 2016.  
 
Also in 2016, Asiacell has transferred its cash from its current bank account to restricted account 
amounting QR. 104,345 thousand.  Asiacell is in the process of reaching a settlement agreement with 
the bank. The remaining balance pertains to certain restricted bank deposits maintained for dividend 
payments and the restricted cash related to the derivative financial instruments between the Group and 
a local bank. 
 
(v) 
Certain cash and cash equivalents are used as collaterals to secure the Group’s obligations. 
 
 
Non-cash transactions 
 
During the year, the non-cash additions to property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets 
amounted to QR. 686,731 and QR. 645,764, respectively. 
  
Balances with banks are assessed to have low credit risk of default since these banks are highly regulated 
by the central banks of the respective countries. Accordingly, the management of the Group estimates the 
loss allowance on balances with banks at the end of the reporting period at an amount equal to 12 month 
ECL. None of the balances with banks at the end of the reporting period are past due, and taking into 
account the historical default experience and the current credit ratings of the bank, the management of the 
Group have assessed that there is impairment and have recorded impairment allowance accordingly. 
 
 
F-232

--- Page 447 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
60 
 
24     SHARE CAPITAL 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
No of shares 
(000) 
  
QR.’000 
No of shares 
(000) 
 
QR.’000 
Authorised 
  
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares of QR 1* each 
  
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
5,000,000 
 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
 5,000,000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issued and fully paid up 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares of QR 1* each 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
3,203,200 
 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
 3,203,200 
 
 
*Refer to note 46 for information on share split. 
 
25     RESERVES  
 
a) Legal reserve 
In accordance with Qatar Commercial Companies Law No. 11 of 2015 and the Company’s Articles of 
Association, 10% of the profit of the Company for the year should be transferred to the legal reserve until 
such reserves reach 50% of the issued share capital.  During 2008, an amount of QR. 5,494,137 thousand, 
being the net share premium amount arising out of the rights issue was transferred to legal reserve. During 
2012, an amount of QR. 5,940,145 thousand, being the net share premium amount arising out of the rights 
issue was transferred to legal reserve. 
 
The reserve is not available for distribution except in the circumstances stipulated in the Qatar Commercial 
Companies Law and the Company’s Articles of Association. 
 
b) Fair value reserve 
The fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of financial assets - equity 
instruments at FVTOCI and effective portion of qualifying cash flow hedges. 
 
2019 
2018 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Fair value reserve of financial assets - equity instruments 
at FVTOCI  
569,644 
593,579 
Cash flow hedge reserve 
(18,835) 
12,720 
 
 
550,809 
606,299 
 
c) Employees’ benefits reserve 
Employment benefits reserve is created on account of adoption of revised IAS – 19 Employee benefits. 
Employee benefits reserve comprises actuarial gains (losses) pertaining to defined benefit plans. 
 
d) Translation reserve 
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the 
financial statements of foreign operations. 
 
e) Other statutory reserves 
In accordance with the statutory regulations of the various subsidiaries, a share of their respective annual 
profits should be transferred to a non-distributable statutory reserve. 
 
 
F-233

--- Page 448 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
61 
 
26  COMPONENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow hedges 
 
 
 
 
Gain arising during the year 
 
(4,486) 
 
146 
Deferred tax effect 
 
40 
 
(4) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(4,446) 
 
142 
 
 
 
 
 
Share of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges from associates 
and joint ventures 
 
(27,211) 
 
4,081 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign exchange reserve 
 
 
 
 
Foreign exchange translation differences – foreign operations 
 
572,849 
 
(1,712,009) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
572,849 
 
(1,712,009) 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  
 
 
 
Fair value reserve 
 
 
 
 
Net changes in fair value on investments in equity instruments 
designated as at FVTOCI 
 
(12,616) 
 
29,723 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(12,616) 
 
29,723 
 
 
 
 
 
Employees’ benefits reserve 
 
 
 
 
Net movement in employee benefits reserve 
 
(4,672) 
 
72,258 
Deferred tax effect 
 
1,014 
 
(18,014) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3,658) 
 
54,244 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year – net of tax 
524,918 
 
(1,623,819) 
 
 
 
 
 
27  DEFERRED INCOME 
 
Deferred income pertains to unearned revenue from services that will be provided in future periods. It primarily 
includes revenue from the unused and unutilized portion of prepaid cards sold, value of loyalty points not yet 
redeemed and advance billing to customers. The sale of prepaid cards is deferred until such time as the 
customer uses the airtime, or the credit expires. 
 
 
F-234

--- Page 449 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
62 
 
28 LOANS AND BORROWINGS 
 
Presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as: 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
Secured loan 
 143,992   
198,349 
Unsecured loan 
 6,755,480   
9,068,484 
Islamic Finance 
 430,516   
335,198 
Bonds 
 18,143,632   
18,043,377 
 
 
 
 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(136,677) 
 
(165,967) 
 
25,336,943 
 
 
27,479,441 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
Secured loan 
 67,924  
 
225,597 
Unsecured loan 
 3,757,035  
 
5,684,027 
Islamic Finance 
 259,046  
 
95,159 
Bonds 
 1,082,207  
 
3,246,532 
Bank overdraft 
 292,416  
 
69,388 
 
 
 
 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(48,296) 
 
(40,783) 
 
5,410,332 
 
 
9,279,920 
 
 
 
 
 
30,747,275 
 
36,759,361 
 
The deferred financing costs consist of arrangement and other related fees. Movement in deferred financing 
costs was as follows: 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
206,750 
 
288,718 
Additions during the year 
30,028 
 
12,949 
Amortised during the year (Note 8) 
(52,158) 
 
(93,385) 
Exchange adjustment 
353 
 
(1,532) 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
184,973 
 
206,750 
 
 
F-235

--- Page 450 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
63 
 
28 LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED) 
 
The loans and borrowings presented in the consolidated statement of financial position consist of the 
following: 
 
Type 
Currency 
Nominal Interest / Profit 
rate 
Year of maturity 
2019 
2018 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Bonds 
IDR 
6.05% to 11.20% 
Mar 20 to Mar 29 
 3,749,458  
 
 3,628,627  
Bonds  
USD 
3.25% to 7.88% 
Feb 21 to Jan 43 
 15,476,381  
 
 17,661,282  
Islamic Finance 
IDR 
8.25% to 11.20% 
Jun 20 to Mar 29 
 689,562  
 
 430,357  
Secured Loans 
DZD 
4.5% to 5.5% 
Jun 19 to Sep 19 
 -     
 177,614  
Secured Loans 
USD 
LIBOR + 3.00% - 5.5% 
Jan 20 Nov 23 
 211,916  
 
 241,979  
Secured Loans 
OMR 
LIBOR + 2.25% 
Jun 19 
 -     
 4,353  
Unsecured Loans 
IDR 
4.24% to 8.95% 
Jan 20 to Feb 24 
 1,251,901  
 
 1,285,025  
Unsecured Loans 
KWD 
CBK + 0.60% - 0.65% 
May 22 to Nov 22 
 432,739  
 
 685,219  
Unsecured Loans 
MMK 
11% to 12.5% 
Mar 20 to Dec 20 
 177,514  
 
 141,290  
Unsecured Loans 
TND 
TMM Rate + 1.1% to 
Jun 20 to Dec 22 
 342,734  
 
 355,203  
Unsecured Loans 
USD 
LIBOR + 0.88% to 5.69% 
Immediate to Dec 26 
 8,307,627  
 
 12,285,774  
Bank overdraft 
DZD 
4.5% 
   Jun 20 to Sep 20 
292,416 
 
 69,388 
 
 
 
 
30,932,248 
 
36,966,111 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
 
 
(184,973) 
 
(206,750) 
Total 
 
 
 
30,747,275 
 
36,759,361 
 
(i) 
Loans and borrowings are availed for general corporate purposes or specific purposes which include 
purchase of telecommunication and related equipment, financing working capital requirements and 
repayment or refinancing of existing borrowing facilities. 
 
 
(ii) Bonds are listed on London, Irish and Indonesia Stock Exchanges. Certain bonds are unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
 
(iii) Islamic Finance includes notes issued under Sukuk Trust Programme on the Indonesia Stock Exchange. 
 
 
 
F-236

--- Page 451 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
64 
 
29      EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS  
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Employees’ end of service benefits 
518,782  
 
476,252 
Post-retirement health care plan 
- 
 
132,458 
Long term incentive points-based payments 
222,859  
 
187,561 
Defined benefit pension plan/ Labour Law No. 13/2003  
120,990  
 
93,493 
Other employee benefits 
12,856  
 
12,391 
 
 
 
 
Total employee benefits 
875,487  
 
902,155 
Current portion of long term incentive points-based payments (Note 31) 
(108,868) 
 
(76,544) 
 
 
 
 
Employee benefits – non current 
766,619 
 
825,611 
 
 
  
Movement in the provision for employee benefits are as follows: 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
902,155 
 
1,022,061 
Provided during the year  
151,363 
 
213,291 
Paid during the year  
(170,382) 
 
(236,098) 
Other comprehensive loss 
(1,014) 
 
(72,258) 
Relating to discontinued operation 
(20,440) 
 
- 
Exchange adjustment 
13,805 
 
(24,841) 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
875,487 
 
902,155 
 
 
  
The carrying amount of the liability arising from long term incentive points-based payments is determined 
by the achievement of certain performance targets and share price of the Company. As at the reporting date, 
the carrying amount of liability arising from long term incentive points-based payments approximates its 
fair value. 
The details of the benefit plans operated by one of the Group’s subsidiaries are as follows: 
Plan A - Post-retirement healthcare plan  
One of the subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo provides post-retirement healthcare benefits to its employees 
who leave after the employees fulfill the early retirement requirement. The immediate family of 
employees who have been officially registered in the records of the company are also eligible to receive 
benefits. During the year, the post-retirement healthcare plan was terminated. 
Plan B - Defined Benefit Pension Plan - Labour Law No. 13/2003 
Indosat Ooredoo, Lintasarta and IMM also accrue benefits under Indonesian Labor Law No. 13/2003 
(“Labor Law”) dated 25 March 2003. Their employees will receive the benefits under this law or the 
defined benefit pension plan, whichever amount is higher. 
Plan C - Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
The subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo, Satelindo and Lintasarta provide defined benefit pension plans to their 
respective employees under which pension benefits to be paid upon retirement. A state-owned life 
insurance company, PT Asuransi Jiwasraya (“Jiwasraya”) manages the plans. Pension contributions are 
determined by periodic actuarial calculations performed by Jiwasraya. 
Based on the agreement, a participating employee will receive: 
 Expiration benefit equivalent to the cash value at the normal retirement age, or 
 Death benefit not due to accident equivalent to 100% of insurance money plus cash value when the 
employee dies not due to accident, or 
 Death benefit due to accident equivalent to 200% of insurance money plus cash value when the 
employee dies due to accident. 
 
 
F-237

--- Page 452 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
65 
 
29    EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS (CONTINUED) 
 
Actuarial assumptions 
 
The actuarial valuations were prepared by an independent actuary, using the projected-unit-credit method, 
the following were the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date. 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
Plan A 
Plan B 
Plan C 
 
Plan A 
Plan B 
Plan C 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annual discount rate 
8.5% 
7.5%-8.0% 
8.0-8.5% 
 
8.5% 
8.25% - 8.5% 
8.0% -8.5% 
Ultimate cost trend rate 
6.0% 
- 
- 
 
6.0% 
- 
- 
Next year trend rate 
10.0% 
- 
- 
 
10.0% 
- 
- 
Period to reach ultimate 
cost trend rate 
8 years 
- 
- 
 
8 years 
- 
- 
Increase in compensation 
- 
6.5% 
3.0%-9.0%  
- 
6.5% 
3.0% - 9.0% 
Mortality rate 
- 
- 
TMI 2011 
 
- 
- 
TMI 2011 
 
 
 
Movement in net defined benefit (asset) liability 
 
The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for net defined 
benefit liability (asset) and its components. 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
Plan A 
Plan B 
Plan C 
 
Plan A 
Plan B 
Plan C 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
136,522 
96,153 
(10,835) 
 201,714 
122,562 
(14,070) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Included in profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest cost 
3,073 
8,283 
(4,638) 
 
13,882 
7,207 
(5,008) 
Service cost 
2,137 
10,381 
5,063 
 
6,052 
11,870 
5,876 
Curtailment gain 
(60,256) 
- 
- 
 (10,488) 
- 
- 
Immediate recognition of 
past service cost – vested 
benefit 
- 
2,731 
- 
 
- 
(10,449) 
72 
Cost of employee transfer 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
46,170 
- 
 
(55,046) 
21,395 
425 
 
9,446 
54,798 
940 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Included in other 
comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive 
income 
(2,256) 
6,113 
815 
 
(55,578) 
(18,820) 
2,140 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other movements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contribution 
- 
 
(126) 
 
- 
- 
(179) 
Benefit payment  
(82,303) 
(2,387) 
- 
 
(7,128) 
(54,125) 
- 
Refund 
- 
- 
276 
 
- 
- 
726 
Exchange adjustment 
3,083 
4,050 
(767) 
 (11,932) 
(8,262) 
(392) 
 
(79,220) 
1,663 
(617) 
 (19,060) 
(62,387) 
155 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
- 
125,324 
(10,212) 
 136,522 
96,153 
(10,835) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current portion 
- 
4,334 
(233) 
 
4,064 
2,660 
(313) 
Non-current portion 
- 
120,990 
(9,979) 
 132,458  
93,493  
(10,522)  
 
 
 
F-238

--- Page 453 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
66 
 
29    EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS (CONTINUED) 
Plan assets comprises of time deposits, debt securities, long-term investment in shares of stock and property 
as follows: 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
 
 
Investments in:  
 
 
 
Shares of stocks and properties 
29.53% 
 
29.53% 
Mutual fund 
46.94% 
 
46.94% 
Time deposits 
10.38% 
 
10.38% 
Debt securities 
11.87% 
 
11.87% 
Others 
1.28% 
 
1.28% 
 
 
  
The plan asset has diverse investments and does not have any concentration risk. 
Sensitivity analysis on defined benefit obligation 
Quantitative sensitivity analysis for each 1% change in the following significant assumptions as of 
31 December 2019 are as follows: 
 
 
Impact of change in assumptions to defined benefit obligation 
 
Increase 
 
Decrease 
 
 
 
 
Pension benefit cost 
 
 
 
- 
Discount rate 
Decrease by 4.65% - 8.60% 
 
Increase by 5.03% - 9.84% 
Obligation under Labor Law 
 
 
 
- 
Discount rate 
Decrease by 8.25% - 11.35% 
 
Increase by 9.49% - 13.26% 
30  OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
License cost payables (i) 
 
1,587,053 
 
1,070,994 
Site restoration provision  
 
86,968 
 
86,013 
Finance lease liabilities (Note 32) 
 
- 
 
709,569 
Deferred gain on leases 
 
58,734 
 
91,973 
Others  
 
925,638 
 
238,956 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,658,393 
 
2,197,505 
 
(i) This represents amounts payable to Telecom regulators in Indonesia, Palestine and Myanmar for license 
charges.  
31 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES  
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade payables 
 
2,727,934 
 
3,456,452 
Accrued expenses 
 
8,410,414 
 
6,827,135 
Interest payable 
 
 315,986  
 
375,234 
Profit payable on Islamic financing obligation 
 
 7,245  
 
3,067 
License costs payable 
 
 355,101  
 
414,028 
Amounts due to international carriers -net 
 
 489,513  
 
470,024 
Negative fair value of derivatives  
 
 98,760  
 
83,273 
Finance lease liabilities (Note 32) 
 
- 
 
177,969 
Long term incentive points-based payments (Note 29) 
 
108,868 
 
76,544 
Other payables  
 
1,261,153 
 
1,446,625 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13,774,974 
 
13,330,351 
 
 
F-239

--- Page 454 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
67 
 
32  LEASE LIABILITIES 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Initial application of IFRS 16 at 1 January 2019 
4,709,986 
- 
Reclassification of finance lease liabilities 
887,538 
- 
Additions during the year 
2,014,735 
- 
Interest expense on lease liability 
451,996 
- 
Principal element of lease payments 
(1,265,585) 
- 
Payment of interest portion of lease liability 
(171,325) 
- 
Reduction on early termination 
(11,757) 
- 
Exchange adjustments 
33,715 
- 
 
6,649,303 
 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Non-current portion 
5,692,809 
- 
Current portion 
956,494 
- 
 
 
 
 
6,649,303 
- 
 
The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are 
monitored by the Group’s treasury function. 
 
 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December  
2018  
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Maturity analysis 
 
 
 
Not later than 1 year 
1,429,929 
- 
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years 
4,219,386 
- 
Later than 5 years 
3,394,521 
- 
Less: unearned finance income 
(2,394,533) 
- 
 
 
 
 
6,649,303 
- 
 
33   CONTRACT LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Current 
 
117,768 
 
145,132 
Non-current 
 
11,481 
 
14,121 
 
 
129,249 
 
159,253 
 
(i) A contract liability mainly arises in respect of the Group’s customer loyalty points scheme (“loyalty 
points”). As these loyalty points provide a benefit to customers that they would not receive without 
entering into a purchase contract, the promise to provide loyalty points to the customer is a separate 
performance obligation. The revenue related to unsatisfied or partially satisfied performance 
obligations is expected to be realized within two years of the reporting date. 
 
 
F-240

--- Page 455 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
68 
 
34   DIVIDEND  
 
Dividend paid and proposed 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Declared, accrued and paid during the year 
 
 
 
 
Final dividend for 2018, QR. 2.5 per share (2017: 
QR. 3.5 per share) 
 
800,800 
 
1,121,120 
 
 
 
 
 
Proposed for approval at Annual General Meeting  
(Not recognised as a liability as at 31 December) 
 
 
 
 
Final dividend for 2019, QR. 0.25 per share  
(2018: QR. 2.5 per share)* 
 
800,800 
 
800,800 
 
 
 
 
 
The proposed final dividend will be submitted for formal approval at the Annual General Meeting.  
 
*Refer to note 46 for information on share split. 
 
35   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTUMENTS 
 
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
The Group uses cross currency swap contracts, currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps to manage 
some of the currency transaction exposure and interest rate exposure.  These contracts are not designated as 
cash flow, fair value or net investment hedges and are accounted for as derivative financial instruments: 
 
 
 
Notional amounts 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Cross currency swaps 
72,830 
 
- 
Currency forward contracts 
145,660 
 
1,636,613 
Interest rate swaps 
436,980 
 
16,095 
Fair value derivatives 
304,931 
 
304,856 
 
 
 
 
 
960,401 
 
1,957,564 
 
 
Fair values 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
Positive 
 
Negative 
 
Positive 
 
Negative 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cross currency swaps 
- 
 
339 
 
- 
 
- 
Currency forward contracts 
- 
 
6,077 
 
- 
 
9,278 
Interest rate swaps 
- 
 
4,222 
 
- 
 
223 
Fair value derivatives 
- 
 
88,122 
 
- 
 
73,772 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
 
98,760 
 
- 
 
83,273 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019, the Group has several interest rates swap entered into with a view to limit its floating 
interest rate term loans and currency forward contract that effectively limits change in exchange rate for a 
future transaction.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-241

--- Page 456 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
69 
 
35     DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
The table below shows the positive and negative fair values of derivative financial instruments held as cash 
flow hedges together with the notional amounts: 
 
Negative fair 
value 
 
Positive fair 
value 
 
Notional 
Amounts 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps 
- 
 
264 
 
104,180 
 
- 
 
 
264 
 
 
104,180 
 
6
3 
      
      OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS  
At the date of statement of financial position, the Company has outstanding commitments under non-
cancelable operating leases, which fall due as follows: 
 
 
2019 
 
2018  
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Future minimum lease payments: 
 
 
 
Not later than one year 
91,776 
 
509,463 
Later than one year and not later than five years 
3,922 
 
1,884,916 
Later than five years 
- 
 
1,584,387 
 
 
 
 
Total operating lease commitment contracted for at 31 December 
95,698 
 
3,978,766 
Upon adoption of IFRS 16, certain operating lease commitments were identified and considered. The above 
commitments were adjusted accordingly in the calculation of operating lease commitments.  
7
3  COMMITMENTS  
Capital expenditure commitments not provided for 
 
 
2019 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Estimated capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the financial 
reporting year but not provided for: 
3,203,745 
2,818,880 
Letters of credit 
185,014 
232,735 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-242

--- Page 457 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
70 
 
8
3  CONTINGENT
 
LIABILITIES
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Letters of guarantees 
827,153 
 
570,176 
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts  
22,242 
 
6,899 
Litigation and claims 
The Group is from time to time a party to various legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of its 
business. The Group does not believe that the resolution of these legal actions and claims will, individually or 
in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations, except as 
noted below. 
(a)  Proceedings against PT Indosat Mega Media relating to misuse of radio frequencies 
In early 2012, the Attorney General's Office in Jakarta (the "AGO") initiated corruption proceedings against 
PT Indosat Mega Media ("IM2"), a 99 per cent owned subsidiary of PT Indosat Tbk., a subsidiary of the Group, 
for unlawful use of a radio frequency band allocation that had been granted to Indosat. On 8 July 2013, the 
Indonesia Corruption Court imposed a fine against IM2 in a related case against the former President Director 
of IM2. Both the former President Director of IM2 and the AGO lodged appeals to the Jakarta High Court. A 
written decision of the Supreme Court was received in January 2015 which confirmed that the Supreme Court 
had upheld the former President Director of IM2 prison sentence of eight years and that the fine against IM2 
of approximately USD 130 million had been reinstated. 
On 16 March 2015, the former President Director of IM2 submission of judicial review was officially 
registered at the Corruption Court. Since the Criminal Case Verdict and the Administrative Case Verdict were 
contradictory, BPKP (State Audit Bureau) filed on 16 March, 2015 a Judicial Review on the Administrative 
Case in order to annul the previous Administrative Case Verdict. Due to the BPKP’s Judicial Review, on 13 
October, 2015 the Supreme Court  has issued a verdict (on Administrative Case) which stated that the BPKP 
audit report held by BPKP is valid. On the Supreme Court’s official website, the Supreme Court on 4 
November, 2015 issued a verdict (on Criminal Case) that rejected the Judicial Review submitted by the former 
President Director of IM2. PT Indosat Tbk. is preparing a second judicial review for the Criminal Case. 
On 28 March 2016, the former President Director of IM2 and IM2 filed a tort lawsuit of unlawful act against 
Ministry of Communication and IT (MOCIT) and BPKP at the Central Jakarta District Court.  On 22 
November 2016, the Central Jakarta District Court dismissed the lawsuit. On 15 August 2017, an appeal was 
lodged with the Jakarta High Court on which gave a ruling against MOCIT and BPKP, as stated on its official 
website. Further, MOCIT and BPKP filed an appeal to the Supreme Court against the ruling. On 24 July, 2018, 
the Supreme Court rejected MOCIT and BPKP’s cassation request.  
On 26 June 2019, BPKP submitted Judicial Review request against Cassation decision. Indosat’s contra 
memorandum of Judicial Review was submitted on 31 July 2019 and former President Director of IM2 and 
IM2’s contra memorandum of Judicial Review was submitted on 18 September 2019. 
Supreme Court’s decision on Judicial Review submission by BPKP is not issued yet. 
The Group has provided adequate provision for this case. 
(b) Tax demand notices against Asiacell  
As at the reporting date, one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Asiacell Communication PJSC (“ACL”) was subject 
to tax demand notice by the General Commission for Taxes, Iraq (the “GCT”) for the years from 2004 to 2007 
for an amount of QR. 249.0 million, 2008 amounting to QR. 143 million, 2009-2010 amounting to QR. 248 
million, 2011-2012 amounting to QR. 219 million, 2013-2014 amounting to QR. 287 million, 2015-2016 
amounting to QR. 185 million and 2017 amounting to QR. 109 million.  Asiacell raised an objection against 
each of these claims.  The Group has set up adequate provision against these claims and management is of the 
view that Asiacell has strong grounds to challenge each of these claims. 
 
(c) Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee 
On 10 June 2014, the Communications and Media Commission (CMC) issued a letter notifying the Company 
that the structure of the Company in relation to ownership of the shares in its capital does not fulfill the License 
requirements as an Iraqi Company to pay 15% of its gross revenue as a regulatory fee, as per license agreement.  
 
 
F-243

--- Page 458 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
71 
 
8
3  CONTINGENT
 
LIABILITIES
 
(CONTINUED) 
 
(c) Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee (continued) 
Consequently the CMC requested the Company to pay a regulatory fee of 18% of gross revenues instead of 
15%. The amount requested by CMC was QR. 276 million (USD 76 million) from the period that the CMC is 
claiming that the Iraqi ownership had changed until the end of first half of 2013. The Company has made an 
appeal against this claim. On 11 November 2014, the CMC issued a letter notifying the Company that they 
revised the claim relating to the additional 3% and that the total new amount from June 2012 to 30 June 2014 
should be equal to QR. 370.7 million (USD 101.8 million). The Company has a full provision against this 
claim amounting to QR. 675.9 million (USD 185.6 million). In January 2016, the Erbil Court of Cassation has 
issued a final decision in favor of the company.  
 
On 4 February 2016, the CMC sent a letter for restricted use of certain bank accounts of Asiacell, for CMC’s  
benefit. This is against a disputed amount for which the company already has a court decision in their favor. 
 
In July 2014, Asiacell disputed the CMC’s decision and appealed it to the CMC Appeal Board and 
subsequently to the Iraqi courts on the basis that Asiacell is entitled to benefit from the 3% discount in the 
regulatory fee as it’s an Iraqi Company with a majority Iraqi Shareholder. The dispute progressed from the 
Court of First Instance to the Kurdistan Court of Cassation, which, on 27 January 2016, ruled in favor of 
Asiacell and concluded that the CMC is not entitled to apply the 18% license fee to Asiacell as it is an Iraqi 
company with Iraqis owning more than 84% of its shares. Asiacell implemented the court decision at the 
Karadda Execution Office in Baghdad.  
 
In June 2017, the Iraqi Ministry of Finance raised a “third party objection” case at Erbil Court against its own 
decision. On 9 August 2017, the Court dismissed the objection and confirmed its past decision. After an appeal, 
the Cassation Court, on 17 October 2017, ruled against the Ministry of Finance and confirmed the decision in 
favor of Asiacell. 
 
The Company has a full provision, as at 31 December 2019, against this claim.  
 
(d) Proceedings against Asiacell relating to universal services fee 
On 7 December 2017, the Communication and Media Commission (CMC) issued a letter notifying Asiacell 
and other MNOs letters asking them to hold 1.5% of their 2017 Revenues (excluding local interconnection 
cost) as a Universal Service Fee (USF). The CMC will provide further information in the USF regulation that 
will be issued soon. USF is a license obligation included in Asiacell’s License. 
 
The 2017 – 2019 USF cost, calculated at 1.5% of Asiacell’s revenue, was QR 197.3 million (USD 49.1 million) 
The Company has a full provision, as at 31 December 2019, against this claim.  
 
On 19 July 2018, Asiacell received the 2nd letter asking it to provision the 1.5% USF from the end of the 2nd 
anniversary of the license term (2009) and inform CMC of the provisioned amount within 14 days from 
receiving the letter. The cost of this decision is around QR 691 million (USD 190 million).  
 
No provision has been made for the retroactive claim as of 31 December 2019 as the Company has strong 
grounds to challenge this retrospective USF claims. 
(e) Tax demand notices against Indosat Ooredoo 
As at the reporting date, one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Indosat Ooredoo was subject to tax demand 
assessments by the Indonesia Tax Authority for the Value Added Tax (VAT) claims from years 2009 to 2019 
for an amount of QR. 227.0 million, Corporate tax claims from years 2007 to 2016 amounting to QR. 369 
million and Withholding tax from years 2012-2016 amounting to QR. 369 million. The Group has set up 
adequate provision against these claims and management is of the view that Indosat Ooredoo has strong 
grounds to challenge each of these claims. 
 
(f)  Preliminary tax notification issued on Wataniya Telecom Algeria  
In July 2017, the tax authorities started a tax audit covering the period from 2013 to 2016. On 24 December 
2018, a final notification for the year 2013 was received by Ooredoo Algeria for QR. 72 million and a final tax 
notification for the years 2014 to 2016 for an amount QR. 46 million. 
 
The Group has set up adequate provision against these claims and management is of the view that Ooredoo 
Algeria has strong grounds to challenge each of these claims. 
F-244

--- Page 459 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
72 
 
8
3  CONTINGENT
 
LIABILITIES
 
(CONTINUED) 
 
(g) Tax notification issued to Ooredoo Tunisie 
Ooredoo Tunisie received a preliminary tax notification covering the period from 2013-2019. The total amount 
claimed by Tax Authority is QR. 150 million.  
 
The Group has set up adequate provision against these claims and management is of the view that Ooredoo 
Tunisia has submitted an objection to the Tax Authority and has strong grounds to challenge each of these 
claims 
 
(h) Proceeding against Ooredoo Palestine 
On 23 October 2017, The Regulator issued a letter notifying Ooredoo Palestine to pay the second payment of 
the license acquisition fee of amounting QR 291 million (USD 80 million) due to the fact that Ooredoo 
Palestine reached 700 thousand subscribers. The license sets up a third license payment of QR. 488 million 
(USD 134 million) when Ooredoo Palestine reaches 1 million subscribers.  
 
In September 2019, the Minister of Finance and Minister of MTIT issued a letter notifying Ooredoo Palestine 
to pay QR. 779 million (USD 214 million) which is the remaining unpaid second and third payment of license 
fee. These second and third payments are subject to the assignment of the 2G and 3G spectrum and the actual 
launch of these services in West Bank and Gaza.  
 
The Group has set up adequate provision against these claims and management is of the view that Ooredoo 
Palestine has strong grounds to challenge these claims. 
 
 39 FINANCIAL
 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
 
Objectives and policies 
The Group’s principal financial liabilities, other than derivatives, comprise loans and borrowings, finance 
leases, and trade payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise finance for the Group’s 
operations. The Group has various financial assets such as trade receivables, investments and cash and short-
term deposits, which arise directly from its operations. 
 
The Group also enters into derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps and 
forward currency contracts. The purpose is to manage the interest rate and currency risks arising from the 
Group’s operations and its sources of finance.  
 
The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and 
operational risk. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks which 
are summarized below: 
 
Market risk  
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and 
equity prices will affect the Group’s profit, equity or value of its holding of financial instruments. The objective 
of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk exposure within acceptable parameters, 
while optimizing return. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are subject to interest rate risk comprise bank deposits, loans 
receivable, available-for-sale debt instruments, loans payables and borrowings.  The Group’s exposure to the 
risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s financial assets and liabilities with 
floating interest rates and fixed interest instruments maturing within three months from the end of the financial 
reporting year.  
 
 
F-245

--- Page 460 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
73 
 
39 FINANCIAL
 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
(CONTINUED) 
The Group manages its interest rate risk by having a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans and 
borrowings. To manage this, the Group enters into interest rate swaps, in which the Group agrees to exchange, 
at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable rate interest amounts calculated by reference 
to an agreed upon notional amount. The swaps are designated to hedge underlying debt obligations. At 31 
December 2019, after taking into the effect of interest rate swaps, approximately 68% of the Group’s 
borrowings are at a fixed rate of interest (2018: 60%).  
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity to 
reasonably possible changes in interest rates by 25 basis points, with all other variables held constant.  The 
sensitivity of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity is the effect of the assumed changes in 
interest rates for one year, based on the floating rate financial assets and financial liabilities held at 31 
December. The effect of decreases in interest rates is expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the 
increases shown. 
 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
profit or loss 
 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
changes in equity 
 
+25bp 
 
+25 bp 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
At 31 December 2019 
  
 
USD LIBOR 
(19,864)  
- 
Others 
(5,231)  
- 
At 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
(30,963)  
260 
Others 
(6,377)  
- 
 
Foreign currency risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange 
rates relates primarily to the Group’s operating activities and the Group’s net investment in foreign 
subsidiaries. 
The Group had the following significant net exposure denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
Assets 
(Liabilities) 
 
Assets 
(Liabilities) 
Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) 
5,429,219 
 5,004,099 
Kuwaiti Dinar (KD) 
16,391,058 
16,412,642 
US Dollars (USD)  
(2,229,049) 
(2,772,382) 
Euro (EUR) 
202,093 
138,886 
Great British Pounds (GBP) 
(668) 
(1,203) 
Tunisian Dinar (TND) 
3,259,695 
3,045,083 
Algerian Dinar (DZD) 
1,815,222 
1,950,716 
Iraqi Dinar (IQD) 
950,924 
2,596,834 
Myanmar Kyat (MMK) 
1,540,213 
2,483,561 
Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) 
265,849 
240,335 
Singapore Dollar (SGD) 
1,389,182 
1,505,338 
United Arab Emirates Dirham (AED) 
872,526 
978,514 
Others 
1,904 
3,217 
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity for a 
reasonably possible change in the following currencies against Qatari Riyal, with all other variables held 
constant, of the Group’s profit due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities and the Group’s 
equity on account of translation of foreign subsidiaries.  
 
F-246

--- Page 461 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
74 
 
 
39   FINANCIAL
 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
(CONTINUED) 
The effect of decreases in foreign exchange rates is expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the 
increases shown: 
 
Effect on consolidated 
statement of profit or loss 
 
Effect on consolidated statement 
of changes in equity 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
+ 10% 
 
+ 10% 
 
+ 10% 
 
+ 10% 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) 
-  
- 
 
542,922 
 
500,410  
Kuwaiti Dinar (KD) 
2,457  
(2) 
 
1,636,649 
 
1,641,266  
US Dollars (USD) 
(262,988)  
(317,089) 
 
40,083 
 
39,851  
Euro (EUR) 
10,972  
1,599 
 
9,237 
 
12,290  
Great British Pounds (GBP) 
(67)  
(120) 
 
- 
 
- 
Tunisian Dinar (TND) 
-  
- 
 
325,970 
 
304,508  
Algerian Dinar (DZD) 
978  
- 
 
180,544 
 
195,072  
Iraqi Dinar (IQD) 
8,172  
23,927 
 
86,920 
 
235,757  
Myanmar Kyat (MMK) 
7,213  
- 
 
146,809 
 
248,356  
Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) 
-  
- 
 
26,585 
 
24,034  
Singapore Dollar (SGD) 
-  
(1) 
 
138,918 
 
150,535  
United Arab Emirates Dirham 
(AED) 
- 
 
- 
 
87,253 
 
97,851  
Equity price risk 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the fair value reserve to reasonably possible changes in 
quoted equity share prices, with all other variables held constant. The effect of decreases in equity prices is 
expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the increases shown. 
 
Changes in 
equity indices 
 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
changes in 
equity 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
2019 
 
 
 
Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) 
10% 
 
136 
 
 
 
 
2018 
 
 
 
Abu Dhabi Stock Exchange (ADX) 
10% 
 
6 
Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) 
10% 
 
332 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause the 
other party to incur a financial loss.  The Group’s exposure to credit risk is as indicated by the carrying amount 
of its assets which consist principally of trade receivables, bank balances, financial assets at FVTOCI, financial 
assets at FVTPL and loans receivable and positive fair value of derivatives. 
The Group provides telecommunication services to various customers. It is the Group’s policy that all 
customers who obtain the goods and / or services on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. 
In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the purchase of service limits are 
established for each customer, which are reviewed regularly based on the level of past transactions and 
settlement. The Group’s maximum exposure with regard to the trade receivables net of allowance for 
impairment as at 31 December is as follows: 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Qatar  
 
1,729,509 
 
1,406,640 
Other countries 
 
1,387,969 
 
1,722,239 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3,117,478 
 
3,128,879 
F-247

--- Page 462 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
75 
 
 
39   FINANCIAL
 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
(CONTINUED) 
 
With respect to credit risk arising from the other financial assets, the Group’s exposure arises from default of 
the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments are as follows: 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Bank balances (excluding cash) 
14,495,099 
 
17,275,955 
Positive fair value of derivatives 
- 
 
264 
 
 
 
 
 
14,495,099 
 
17,276,219 
 
The Group reduces the exposure of credit risk arising from bank balances by maintaining bank accounts in 
reputed banks, and 41% (2018: 56%) of bank balances represents balances maintained with local banks in 
Qatar with a rating of at least BBB+. Credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments is at any time, 
limited to those with positive fair values, as recorded on the consolidated statement of financial position.  With 
gross settled derivatives, the Group is also exposed to settlement risk.  
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Amounts due from international carriers  
652,184 
 
584,673 
Unbilled subscriber revenue 
936,294 
 
518,543 
 
 
 
 
 
1,588,478 
 
1,103,216 
 
The exposure of credit risk from amounts due from international carriers is minimal as the amounts are driven 
by contractual arrangements.  For unbilled revenues, this is automatically billed based on the customers billing 
cycle and thus have a very minimal credit risk.  
 
Credit risk measurement  
The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether 
there is a significant increase in credit risk the company compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset 
as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available 
reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the following indicators are 
incorporated: 
- internal credit rating; 
- external credit rating (as far as available); 
- actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are 
expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations; 
- actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower; 
- significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower; 
- significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-party 
guarantees or credit enhancements; and 
- significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower, including changes in the 
payment status of borrowers in the group and changes in the operating results of the borrower. 
 
Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated as part of the 
internal rating model. Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a 
debtor is more than 30-90 days, depending on the type of customer and local market conditions, past due in 
making a contractual payment. 
 
 
 
F-248

--- Page 463 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                        
 
76 
 
39 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  (CONTINUED) 
 
Credit risk management 
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in 
financial loss to the Group. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without 
taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements, which will cause a financial loss to the 
Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties and financial guarantees provided by 
the Group arises from the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the 
consolidated statement of financial position. Considering the Group’s large and unrelated customer base, 
the concentration of credit risk is limited. 
 
Credit risk grades  
Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of default. 
These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. Exposures are subject 
to on-going monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit risk grade.  
 
The tables below detail the credit quality of the Group’s financial assets, contract assets and financial 
guarantee contracts, as well as the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades: 
31 December 2019 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month or lifetime 
ECL 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net 
carrying 
amount  
 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash and bank balances 
Caa1 – Aa1 
N/A 
12-month ECL 
14,721,596 
(5,448) 14,716,148 
Trade receivables (i) 
N/A 
Note (i) 
Lifetime ECL 
(simplified approach) 
4,967,393 
(1,849,915) 
3,117,478 
(i) For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss 
allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the expected credit losses on these items by using a 
provision matrix, estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past due status of the 
debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current conditions and estimates of future economic conditions. 
Accordingly, the credit risk profile of these assets is presented based on their past due status in terms of 
the provision matrix. Note 22 includes further details on the loss allowance for these assets respectively. 
The carrying amount of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL and FVTOCI, as disclosed in note 17, best 
represents their respective maximum exposure to credit risk. The Group holds no collateral over any of these 
balances. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. The 
Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient 
liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring 
unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation. The Group’s objective is to maintain a 
balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of the Group’s own reserves and bank 
facilities. The Group’s terms of sales require amounts to be paid within 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.   
 
 
 
 
F-249

--- Page 464 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                        
 
77 
 
39 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  (CONTINUED) 
The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December based on 
contractual undiscounted payments: 
 
On 
demand 
 Less than 1 
year 
 
1 to 2 
years 
 
2 to 5 
years 
 
> 5 years 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
292,417 
 
6,526,863 
 
5,651,562  13,548,591  11,636,159  37,655,592 
Trade payables 
- 
 
2,727,934 
 
-  
-  
-  
2,727,934 
License costs payable 
- 
 
408,618 
 
299,281  
897,841  
1,231,864  
2,837,604 
Lease liabilities 
- 
 
1,429,929 
 
1,730,768  
2,488,618  
3,394,522  
9,043,837 
Other financial liabilities 
- 
 
697,141 
 
200,959  
-  
-  
898,100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
292,417 
 11,790,485 
 
7,882,570  16,935,050  16,262,545  53,163,067 
 
On 
demand 
 
Less than 1 
year 
 
1 to 2 
years 
 
2 to 5 
years 
 
> 5 years 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
69,388 
 10,868,409 
 
5,364,455 
 16,390,244 
 12,052,723 
 44,745,219 
Trade payables 
- 
 
3,456,452 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
3,456,452 
License costs payable 
- 
 
443,125 
 
426,036 
 
468,683 
 
706,954 
 
2,044,798 
Finance lease liabilities 
- 
 
253,601 
 
230,982 
 
491,450 
 
156,775 
 
1,132,808 
Other financial liabilities 
- 
 
629,841 
 
197,030 
 
- 
 
- 
 
826,871 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69,388 
 15,651,428 
 6,218,503 
 17,350,377 
 12,916,452 
 52,206,148 
Capital management 
The Group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern while maximizing the 
return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The Group makes adjustments to 
its capital structure, in light of changes in economic and business conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital 
structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, or issue new shares. No changes were 
made in the objectives, policies or processes during the year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group that amounted to QR. 29,104,986 thousand at 31 December 
2019 (2018: QR. 28,177,687 thousand).   
The Group's management reviews the capital structure of the Group on a semi-annual basis. As part of this 
review, the committee considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The gearing 
ratio as at 31 December 2019 is 78% (2018: 68%). 
Gearing ratio 
The gearing ratio at year end was as follows: 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Debt (i) 
37,396,578 
 
36,759,361  
Cash and bank balances 
(14,716,148) 
 
(17,493,273)  
Net debt 
22,680,430 
 
  
19,266,088  
Equity (ii) 
29,104,986 
 
28,177,687  
Net debt to equity ratio 
78% 
 
      68% 
(i)  Debt is the long term debt obtained and lease liabilities, as detailed in note 28 and 32, respectively.  
(ii)  Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group that are managed as capital. 
F-250

--- Page 465 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
78 
 
40 FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
Fair values 
Set out below is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Group’s financial 
instruments that are carried in the consolidated financial statements: 
 
 
 
Carrying amounts  
 
Fair values  
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets – equity instruments 
904,440 
 
947,237 
 
904,440 
 
947,237 
Trade and other receivables 
4,705,956 
 
4,232,359 
 
4,705,956 
 
4,232,359 
Bank balances and cash 
14,716,148 
 
17,493,273 
 
14,716,148 
 17,493,273 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
30,747,275 
 
36,759,361 
 
31,942,380 
 36,825,982 
Other non-current liabilities 
1,587,053 
 
1,070,994 
 
1,587,053 
 
1,070,994 
Lease liabilities 
6,649,303 
 
- 
 
6,649,303 
 
- 
Derivative financial instruments 
98,760 
 
83,273 
 
98,760 
 
83,273 
Long term incentive points-based 
payments 
222,859 
 
187,561 
 
222,859 
 
187,561 
Trade and other payables 
5,156,932 
 
6,165,430 
 
5,156,932 
 
6,165,430 
 
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values. 
 
Cash and short-term deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, and other current liabilities approximate 
their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
 
Long-term fixed-rate and variable-rate receivables are evaluated by the Group based on parameters such 
as interest rates, specific country risk factors, and individual creditworthiness of the customer and the risk 
characteristics of the financed project. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to account for the 
expected losses of these receivables. At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of such 
receivables, net of allowances, approximate their fair values. 
 
Fair value of quoted investments is based on price quotations at the end of the reporting period. The fair 
value of loans from banks and other financial debts, as well as other non-current financial liabilities is 
estimated by discounting future cash flows using rates applicable for similar risks and maturity profiles.  
Fair values of unquoted financial assets are estimated using appropriate valuation techniques. 
 
The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial 
institutions with investment grade credit ratings.  Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with 
market observable inputs are mainly interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forward, contracts for 
differences and currency swaps.  The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing 
and swap models using present value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs including the 
credit quality of counter parties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves. 
Fair value hierarchy 
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by 
valuation technique. 
Level 1: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group 
can access at the measurement date. 
Level 2: 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets of liability, 
either directly or indirectly. 
Level 3: 
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 
 
F-251

--- Page 466 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
79 
 
40    FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities at  
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018: 
 
31 
December 
2019 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair value: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
828,789 
 
- 
 
210,487 
 
618,302 
FVTPL 
75,651 
 
1,362 
 
74,286 
 
3 
Other assets for which fair value is 
disclosed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other receivables 
4,705,956 
 
- 
 
- 
 
4,705,956 
Bank balances and cash 
14,716,148 
 
- 
 
- 
 
14,716,148 
 
20,326,544 
 
1,362 
 
284,773 
 
20,040,409 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities measured at    
fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
98,760 
 
- 
 
98,760 
 
- 
Long term incentive points-based payments 
222,859 
 
- 
 
222,859 
 
- 
Other financial liability for which fair 
value is disclosed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
31,942,380 
 
21,071,722 
 
10,870,658 
 
- 
Other non-current liabilities  
1,587,053 
 
- 
 
- 
 
1,587,053 
Lease liabilities 
6,649,303 
 
- 
 
- 
 
6,649,303 
Trade and other payables 
5,156,932 
 
- 
 
- 
 
5,156,932 
45,657,287 
 
21,071,722 
 
11,192,277 
 
13,393,288 
 
 
31 
December 
2018 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
855,195 
 
- 
 
236,894 
 
618,301 
FVTPL 
92,042 
 
3,377 
 
88,662 
 
3 
Derivative financial instruments 
264 
 
- 
 
264 
 
- 
Other assets for which fair value is 
disclosed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other receivables 
4,232,095 
 
- 
 
- 
 
4,232,095 
Bank balances and cash 
17,493,273 
 
- 
 
- 
 
17,493,273 
 
22,672,869 
 
3,377 
 
325,820 
 
22,343,672 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities measured at 
fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
83,273 
 
- 
 
83,273 
 
- 
Long term incentive points-based payments 
187,561 
 
- 
 
187,561 
 
- 
Other financial liability for which fair 
value is disclosed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
36,825,982 
 
21,693,684 
 
15,132,298 
 
- 
Other non-current liabilities 
1,070,994 
 
 
 
 
 
1,070,994 
Trade and other payables 
6,165,430 
 
- 
 
- 
 
6,165,430 
 
44,333,240 
 
21,693,684 
 
15,403,132 
 
7,236,424 
F-252

--- Page 467 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
80 
 
41 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
 
Related party transactions and balances  
Related parties represent associated companies including Government and semi Government agencies, associates, 
major shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and companies of which they are 
principal owners.  In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into transactions with related parties. Pricing 
policies and terms of transactions are approved by the Group’s management. The Group enters into commercial 
transactions with the Qatar Government related entities in the ordinary course of business in terms of providing 
telecommunication services, placement of deposits and obtaining credit facilities etc. 
 
a) Transactions with Government and related entities 
As stated in Note 1, Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the Parent Company of the Group, which is controlled by Qatar 
Investment Authority. The Group enters into commercial transactions with the Government and other Government 
related entities in the ordinary course of business, which includes providing telecommunication services, 
placement of deposits and obtaining credit facilities. All these transactions are at arm’s length and in the normal 
course of business. Following are the significant balances and transactions between the Company and the 
Government and other Government related entities. 
(i) Trade receivables include an amount of QR. 772,653 thousand (2018: QR. 429,015 thousand) receivable from 
Government and Government related entities. 
(ii) The most significant amount of revenue from a Government related entity was earned from a contract with the 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, amounting to QR. 81,531 thousand (2018: QR. 37,031 thousand).  
(ii) Industry fee (Note 10) pertains to the industry fee payable to CRA, a Government related entity. 
In accordance with IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, the Group has elected not to disclose transactions with the 
Qatar Government and other entities over which the Qatar Government exerts control, joint control or significant 
influence. The nature of transactions that the Group has with such related parties relates to provision of 
telecommunication services. 
 
b)  Transactions with Directors and other key management personnel  
Key management personnel comprise the Board of Directors and key members of management having authority 
and responsibility of planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group. 
 
Director’s remuneration including committee fees of QR. 19,909 thousand was proposed for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (2018: QR. 23,884 thousand). The compensation and benefits related to Board of Directors and 
key management personnel amounted to QR. 411,610 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: QR. 
416,519 thousand), and end of service benefits QR. 25,289 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: 
QR. 14,759 thousand). The remuneration to the Board of Directors and key management personnel has been 
included under the caption “Selling, general and administrative expenses”. 
 
2
4  SIGNIFICANT
 
ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES  
 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the management to 
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and 
disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause the 
assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are reflected in 
the consolidated financial statements as they become reasonably determinable. 
 
Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, 
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
Judgments 
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgments, 
apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in 
the consolidated financial statements: 
 
 
 
F-253

--- Page 468 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
81 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
Classification of associates, joint ventures and subsidiaries 
The appropriate classification of certain investments as subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures requires 
significant analysis and management judgment as to whether the Group exercises control, significant influence 
or joint control over these investments. This may involve consideration of a number of factors, including 
ownership and voting rights, the extent of Board representation, contractual arrangements and indicators of de 
facto control. 
 
Recognition of revenue  
Management considers recognizing revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met, otherwise revenue 
will be recognized at a point in time: 
a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as 
the Group performs; 
b) the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or 
enhanced; or 
c)    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has an 
enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. 
 
Capitalisation of costs  
Management determines whether the Group will recognise an asset from the costs incurred to fulfil a contract 
and costs incurred to obtain a contract if the costs meet all the following criteria: 
a) the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically identify; 
b) the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations 
in the future; and 
c) the costs are expected to be recovered. 
Such asset will be amortised on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the 
goods or services to which the asset relates. 
 
Variable consideration 
Management determines the impact of discounts, promotions, long-term contracts and any other constraint on 
its recognition of revenue to estimate variable consideration.  
Credit risk measurement 
The assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further estimations as to the likelihood of defaults 
occurring, of the associated loss ratios and of default correlations between counterparties. The Group measures 
credit risk using Probability of Default (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and Loss Given Default (LGD).  
Credit quality assessments  
The Group has mapped its internal credit rating scale to Moody’s rating scale as at 31 December 2019. 
 
Contract variations  
Contract variations are recognised as revenues only to the extent that it is probable that they will not result in 
a significant reversal of revenue in subsequent periods. Management considers prior experience, application 
of contract terms and the relationship with the customers in making their judgment. 
Contract claims  
Contract claims are recognised as revenue only when management believes that only to the extent that it is 
probable that they will not result in a significant reversal of revenue in subsequent periods. Management 
reviews the judgment related to these contract claims periodically and adjustments are made in the future 
periods, if assessments indicate that such adjustments are appropriate. 
 
 
 
F-254

--- Page 469 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
82 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Judgments in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations  
Per note 4, the Group generally recognise revenue over time as it performs continuous transfer of control of 
these services to the customers. Because customers simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits 
provided by these services and the control transfer takes place over time, revenue is also recognised based on 
the extent of service transfer/ completion of transfer of each performance obligation. In determining the 
method for measuring progress for these POs, we have considered the nature of these services as well as the 
nature of its performance. 
 
For performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, the Group considers the general requirements of 
control (i.e. direct the use of asset and obtain substantially all benefits) and the following non-exhaustive list 
of indicators of transfer of control: 
• 
Entity has present right to payment 
• 
Customer has legal title 
• 
Entity has transferred legal possession 
• 
Customer has significant risk and rewards 
• 
Customer has accepted the asset 
In making their judgment, the directors considered the detailed criteria for the recognition of revenue set out 
in IFRS 15 and, in particular, whether the Group had transferred control of the goods to the customer. 
Following the detailed quantification of the Group’s liability in respect of rectification work, and the agreed 
limitation on the customer’s ability to require further work or to require replacement of the goods, the directors 
are satisfied that control has been transferred and that recognition of the revenue in the current year is 
appropriate, in conjunction with the recognition of an appropriate warranty provision for the rectification costs. 
Principal versus agent  
Significant judgments are made by management when concluding whether the Group is transacting as an agent 
or a principal. The assessment is performed for each separate revenue stream in the Group. The assessment 
requires an analysis of key indicators, specifically whether the Group: 
 
carries any inventory risk; 
 
has the primary responsibility for providing the goods or services to the customer; 
 
has the latitude to establish pricing; and 
 
bears the customer’s credit risk. 
These indicators are used to determine whether the Group has exposure to the significant risks and rewards 
associated with the sale of goods or rendering of services. For example, any sale relating to inventory that is 
held by the Group, not on consignment, is a strong indicator that the Group is acting as a principal. 
 
Judgment in identifying whether a contract includes a lease (Upon adoption of IFRS 16, applicable from 
1 January 2019) 
Management has assessed for each contract the Group has entered into whether the Group has obtained the 
right to substantially all of the economic benefits and as a result management has concluded if each contract 
contains a lease or not. 
 
Determining the lease term (Upon adoption of IFRS 16, applicable from 1 January 2019) 
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic 
incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension and termination 
options are included in several leases across various classes of right-of-use assets across the Group. These 
terms are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. In cases where lease 
contracts have indefinite term or are subject to auto renewal, lease term is determined considering the business 
case and reasonably certain renewal of lease. 
 
 
 
F-255

--- Page 470 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
83 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
Estimates 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other sources of estimation uncertainty at the financial position 
date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year are discussed below. 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at each reporting 
date. Goodwill and other indefinite life intangibles are tested for impairment annually and at other times when 
such indicators exist.  
The factors that the Group considers important which could trigger an impairment review include the following: 
 
significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the asset; 
 
market interest rates or other market rates of return on investments have increased during the period, and 
those increases are likely to affect the discount rate used in calculating the asset’s value in use and decrease 
the asset’s recoverable amount materially; 
 
significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; 
 
significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for overall business; and 
 
significant negative industry or economic trends. 
The Group determines an impairment loss whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable 
amount. The recoverable amount has been determined based on value in use calculations. The cash flows are 
derived from the budget for the next ten years and do not include restructuring activities that the Group is not 
yet committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the asset base of the cash-generating unit 
being tested. The recoverable amount of investment is determined based on the net present value of future cash 
flows, management assumptions made, including management’s expectations of the investment’s: 
 
growth in earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”), calculated as adjusted 
operating profit before depreciation and amortisation; 
 
timing and quantum of future capital expenditures; 
 
long term growth rates ranges during discrete period and terminal period; and 
 
the selection of discount rates reflects the risks involved. 
The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model as well 
as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes. Refer note 16 for the 
impairment assessment for investment in an associate.  
In the case of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, at a minimum, such assets are subject to an 
annual impairment test and more frequently whenever there is an indication that such asset may be impaired. 
This requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. 
Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the 
cash-generating unit and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash 
flows (Note 13). 
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment property 
The Group's management determines the estimated useful lives of its property, plant and equipment and 
investment properties based on the period over which the assets are expected to be available for use. The 
estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment properties are reviewed at least annually 
and are updated if expectations differ from previous estimates due to physical wear and tear and technical or 
commercial obsolescence on the use of these assets. It is possible that future results of operations could be 
materially affected by changes in these estimates brought about by changes in factors mentioned above. A 
reduction in the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment properties would 
increase depreciation expense and decrease noncurrent assets. 
Classification of investment property 
When determining whether property, plant and equipment should be classified as investment property, the 
Group assesses whether the property is held to earn rentals for capital appreciation or both. The Group follows 
the guidance of IAS 40 on classifying its investment property.  If the property meets the definition, the Group 
assesses the suitable basis for allocation for the ratio of leased out area in proportion to the total area of the 
property, either on the basis of floors or square meter area rented out.  
F-256

--- Page 471 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
84 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Useful lives of intangible assets 
The Group's management determines the estimated useful lives of its intangible assets for calculating 
amortisation. This estimate is determined based on the expected pattern of consumption of future economic 
benefits embodied in the asset. 
 
Provision and contingent liabilities 
The Group’s management determines provision on best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present 
obligation as a result of the past event at the reporting date.  
 
The Group’s management measures contingent liabilities as a possible obligation depending on whether some 
uncertain future event occurs or a present obligation but payment is not probable or the amount cannot be 
measured reliably. 
 
Derecognition of financial liability 
The Group’s management applies judgment to derecognise a financial liability when situations may arise where 
a liability is considered unlikely to result in an outflow of economic resources. This is determined when the 
obligation specified in the contract or otherwise is discharged or cancelled or expires. 
 
Decommissioning liability 
The Group records full provision for the future costs of decommissioning for network and other assets. The 
assumptions based on the current economic environment have been made, which management believes are a 
reasonable basis upon which to estimate the future liability. These estimates are reviewed regularly to take into 
account any material changes to the assumptions. However, actual decommissioning costs will ultimately 
depend upon future market prices for the necessary decommissioning works required that will reflect market 
conditions at the relevant time. Furthermore, the timing of decommissioning is likely to depend on when the 
network assets cease to produce at economically viable rates. This, in turn, will depend upon future 
technologies, which are inherently uncertain.  
Fair value of unquoted equity investments 
Where the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the consolidated statement of 
financial position cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined using valuation techniques 
including the discounted cash flows model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets 
where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required in establishing fair values. The 
judgments include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in 
assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments. 
 
Deferred tax assets 
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. The Group believes that sufficient 
taxable profit will be available to allow or part of the deferred tax assets to be utilized. Significant management 
judgment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the 
likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.  
 
Impairment of inventories 
Inventories are held at the lower of cost and net realisable value. When inventories become old or obsolete, an 
estimate is made of their net realisable value.  For individually significant amounts, this estimation is performed 
on an individual basis. Inventories which are not individually significant, but which are old or obsolete, are 
assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the inventory type and the degree of ageing or 
obsolescence, based on historical selling prices.   
 
 
 
F-257

--- Page 472 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
85 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Business combinations 
The recognition of business combinations requires the excess of the purchase price of acquisitions over the net 
book value of assets acquired to be allocated to the assets and liabilities of the acquired entity.  
 
The Group makes judgments and estimates in relation to the fair value allocation of the purchase price. If any 
unallocated portion is positive it is recognised as goodwill and if negative, it is recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. 
 
Licences and spectrum fees 
The estimated useful life is generally the term of the licence unless there is a presumption of renewal at 
negligible cost. Using the licence term reflects the period over which the Group will receive economic benefit. 
For technology specific licences with a presumption of renewal at negligible cost, the estimated useful 
economic life reflects the Group’s expectation of the period over which the Group will continue to receive 
economic benefit from the licence. The economic lives are periodically reviewed taking into consideration such 
factors as changes in technology. Historically any changes to economic lives have not been material following 
these reviews. 
 
Uncertain tax exposures 
In certain circumstances, the Group may not be able to determine the exact amount of its current or future tax 
liabilities or recoverable amount of the claim refund due to ongoing investigations by, or discussions with the 
various taxation authorities.  In determining the amount to be recognized in respect of uncertain tax liability or the 
recoverable amount of the claim for tax refund related to uncertain tax positions, the Group applies similar 
considerations as it would use in determining the amount of a provision to be recognized in accordance with 
IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment, IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets and IAS 12 Income Taxes.   
Estimation of financial information 
The Group accounts for its investment in associate using equity accounting as required by IAS 28. For the 
investment where information is not available at the reporting date, the Group has estimated the financial 
information based on the historical trends, quarterly financial information, budgets and future forecasts.  
Management believes that estimated financial information is reasonable. 
 
Customer loyalty programme  
The Company allocates a portion of the transaction price to the loyalty programme based on relative standalone 
selling price (“SSP”). The Company estimates the SSP of loyalty points by estimating the weighted average 
cost for redemption of the points based on the actual value of the products redeemed during the year. Inputs to 
the models include making assumptions about expected redemption rates and the mix of products that will be 
available for redemption in the future. 
Business model assessment  
Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI and the business model 
test. The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of financial assets are 
managed together to achieve a particular business objective. This assessment includes judgment reflecting all 
relevant evidence including how the performance of the assets is evaluated and their performance measured, 
the risks that affect the performance of the assets and how these are managed and how the managers of the 
assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial assets measured at amortised cost or fair value through 
other comprehensive income that are derecognised prior to their maturity to understand the reason for their 
disposal and whether the reasons are consistent with the objective of the business for which the asset was held. 
Monitoring is part of the Group’s continuous assessment of whether the business model for which the remaining 
financial assets are held continues to be appropriate and if it is not appropriate whether there has been a change 
in business model and so a prospective change to the classification of those assets.  
 
 
F-258

--- Page 473 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
86 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
Business model assessment (continued) 
Significant increase in credit risk  
As explained in note 3, ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets, or lifetime 
ECL assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly 
since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit risk. In 
assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account qualitative 
and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information. 
Calculation of loss allowance  
Probability of default constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. Probability of default is an estimate of the 
likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions 
and expectations of future conditions.  
 
When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based 
on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each 
other.  
 
Loss given default is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the 
contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows 
from collateral and integral credit enhancements. 
Fair value measurement 
Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In 
estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is 
available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages qualified external valuers to perform the 
valuation. The management/ valuation committee if any works closely with the qualified external valuers to 
establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. Information about the valuation 
techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liabilities are disclosed in 
respective notes. 
 
Variable lease payments (Upon adoption of IFRS 16, applicable from 1 January 2019) 
Some property leases contain variable payment terms that are linked to sales generated from a store. For 
individual stores, up to 100 per cent of lease payments are on the basis of variable payment terms and there is 
a wide range of sales percentages applied. Variable payment terms are used for a variety of reasons, including 
minimising the fixed costs base for newly established stores. Variable lease payments that depend on sales are 
recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the condition that triggers those payments occurs. 
 
Residual value guarantees (Upon adoption of IFRS 16, applicable from 1 January 2019) 
The Company initially estimates and recognises amounts expected to be payable under residual value 
guarantees as part of the lease liability. The amounts are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of 
each reporting period. At the end of reporting period, the amount expected to be payable has been included in 
calculating the lease liabilities while the amount not expected to be payable has been excluded from the lease 
liabilities. 
 
 
Discounting of lease payments (Upon adoption of IFRS 16, applicable from 1 January 2019) 
 
The lease payments are discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”). Management has 
applied judgments and estimates to determine the IBR at the commencement of lease. The present value of the 
lease payments is determined using the discount rate representing the incremental borrowing rate that a lessee 
would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the fund necessary to obtain an 
asset of a similar value to the right-to-use asset in a similar economic environment. 
 
 
 
 
F-259

--- Page 474 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
87 
 
42    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
Assessment as to whether the right-of-use assets is impaired (Upon adoption of IFRS 16, applicable from 
1 January 2019) 
 
In estimating the recoverable amount of the right-of-use asset, the management have made assumptions about 
the achievable market rates for similar properties with similar lease terms. Due to the associated uncertainty, 
management estimates the amount of lease payment that would not be recovered and would lead to an 
impairment charge against the right-of-asset in respect of the property. 
Asset retirement obligation (Upon adoption of IFRS 16, applicable from 1 January 2019) 
The Group records full provision for any future costs of decommissioning for its right-of-use assets. The 
estimate for future costs is based on current economic environment, which management believes is a reasonable 
basis upon which to estimate the future liability. These estimates are reviewed regularly to take into account 
any material changes on the underlying assumptions. 
 
Determination of assets as portfolio (Upon adoption of IFRS 16, applicable from 1 January 2019) 
The Group accounts and identifies assets as a portfolio based on its similar characteristics and has applied the 
requirements of IFRS 16 on estimates and assumptions that reflect the size and composition of that portfolio.   
 
 
 
F-260

--- Page 475 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
88 
 
43 
SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON – 
CONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 
The following table summarizes the information relating to each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have 
material non-controlling interests, before any intra-group eliminations: 
 
 
Asiacell 
NMTC* 
Indosat Ooredoo 
Ooredoo Oman 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
4,296,512  
11,794,449  
15,037,448  
3,298,525  
Current assets 
5,446,791  
3,472,561  
3,129,350  
886,819  
Non-current liabilities 
(151,614) 
(3,269,276) 
(8,499,951) 
(439,057) 
Current liabilities 
(5,482,301) 
(5,122,495) 
(6,224,950) 
(1,265,885) 
Net assets 
 
4,109,388  
 
6,875,239  
 
3,441,897  
 
2,480,402  
Carrying amount of 
NCI 
1,476,949 
1,490,241 
1,462,534 
1,119,253 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
4,572,388 
7,591,631 
6,727,520 
2,703,084 
Profit  
 
524,423 
416,387 
423,632 
321,416 
Profit allocated to NCI 
188,482 
64,478  
158,586 
143,775  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Asiacell 
NMTC* 
Indosat Ooredoo 
Ooredoo Oman 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
4,990,148 
10,329,979 
12,691,503 
2,934,043 
Current assets 
5,013,416 
3,608,484 
1,846,990 
973,326 
Non-current liabilities 
(126,197) 
(2,032,396) 
(6,102,011) 
(154,813) 
Current liabilities 
(5,348,106) 
(5,242,438) 
(5,524,101) 
(1,317,015) 
Net assets 
 
4,529,261 
6,663,629 
2,912,381 
2,435,541 
Carrying amount of 
NCI 
1,627,855 
1,496,161 
1,261,330 
1,100,867 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
4,448,836 
8,017,456 
5,919,012 
2,685,125 
Profit  
 
451,135 
421,009 
(529,727) 
396,514 
Profit allocated to NCI 
162,142 
73,832 
(131,933) 
177,948 
* This includes the Group’s subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest (NCI) within NMTC sub-group 
(Wataniya Telecom Algerie S.P.A. (“Ooredoo Algeria”), Ooredoo Tunisie S.A. (“Ooredoo Tunisia”), 
Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Public Shareholding Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”), 
before any intra-group eliminations.  
 
 
F-261

--- Page 476 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
 
 
89 
44     SEGMENT INFORMATION  
 
Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments is set out below in accordance with IFRS 8 Operating 
Segments. IFRS 8 requires reportable segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports that are 
regularly reviewed by the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) and used to allocate 
resources to the segments and to assess their performance. 
 
The Group is engaged in a single line of business, being the supply of telecommunications services and 
related products. The majority of the Group’s revenues, profits and assets relate to its operations in the 
MENA. Outside of Qatar, the Group operates through its subsidiaries and associates and major operations 
that are reported to the Group’s CODM are considered by the Group to be reportable segment. Revenue is 
attributed to reportable segments based on the location of the Group companies. Inter-segment sales are 
charged at arms’ length prices. 
 
For management reporting purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their geographical area 
covered, and has six reportable segments as follows: 
 
1. 
Ooredoo Qatar is a provider of domestic and international telecommunication services within the State 
of Qatar; 
2. 
Asiacell is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Iraq; 
3. 
NMTC group is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Kuwait and elsewhere in the Middle 
East and North African (MENA) region. NMTC group includes balances of Ooredoo Kuwait, Ooredoo 
Tunisia, Ooredoo Algeria, Ooredoo Palestine, Ooredoo Maldives PLC and others. Management believe 
that presenting NMTC as one segment will provide the most relevant information to the users of the 
consolidated financial statement of the Group, as NMTC is a public listed company in Kuwait and it 
presents detailed segment note in its consolidated financial statements, which are publicly available. 
4. 
Indosat Ooredoo is a provider of telecommunication services such as cellular services, fixed 
telecommunications, multimedia, data communication and internet services in Indonesia. 
5. 
Ooredoo Oman is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Oman;  
6. 
Ooredoo Myanmar is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Myanmar; and  
7. 
Others include some of the Group’s subsidiaries which are providers of wireless and telecommunication 
services. 
 
Management monitors the operating results of its operating subsidiaries separately for the purpose of making 
decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on 
operating profit or loss of these reportable segments. Transfer pricing between reportable segments are on an 
arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.  
 
The Group has written down its assets to its recoverable amount and recorded an impairment loss when the 
recoverable amount of assets is lower than its carrying amount.
F-262

--- Page 477 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
90 
 
44    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Operating segments  
The following tables present revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018: 
 
            Year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
 
 
Asiacell 
 
NMTC 
 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar  
 
Others 
 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Revenue from rendering of telecom services 
7,054,139   
4,562,709   
6,661,990   
6,328,123   
2,574,223   1,041,864   
15,098   
- 
 28,238,146  
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
121,487   
-  
833,323   
152,706   
104,799   
5,203   
162,488   
- 
 
1,380,006  
Revenue from use of assets by others 
19,112   
-  
7,117   
242,840   
16,710   
11,610   
-  
- 
 
297,389  
Inter-segment 
105,974   
9,679   
89,201   
3,851   
7,352   
3,187   
258,504   
(477,748)  (i) 
- 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Total revenue 
7,300,712   
4,572,388   
7,591,631   
6,727,520   
2,703,084   1,061,864   
436,090   
(477,748) 
 
29,915,541  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
Timing of revenue recognition 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
At a point in time 
185,527   
-  
833,323   
152,706   
104,799   
5,203   
202,836   
(104,388) 
 
1,380,006  
Over time 
7,115,185   
4,572,388   
6,758,308   
6,574,814   
2,598,285   1,056,661   
233,254   
(373,360) 
 
28,535,535  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
7,300,712   
4,572,388   
7,591,631   
6,727,520   
2,703,084   1,061,864   
436,090   
(477,748) 
 
29,915,541  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Results 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Segment profit (loss) before tax* 
1,974,869   
693,815   
899,220   
412,708   
506,476   (889,668)  (500,630)  
(450,687)  (ii)
2,646,103  
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
895,539   
1,320,187   
1,699,139   
2,711,410   
677,581   
818,055   
15,338   
450,400  (iii)
8,587,649  
 
Net finance costs 
828,041   
48,620   
141,812   
799,450   
30,324   
240,129   
(710)  
- 
2,087,666  
*Segment profit / loss before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment including depreciation, amortisation and impairment of assets and finance cost. 
F-263

--- Page 478 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
91 
 
44    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Year ended 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
 
 
Asiacell 
 
NMTC 
 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar  
 
Others 
 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Revenue from rendering of telecom services 
7,211,032  
4,438,569  
 6,768,634   
 5,603,005   
 2,602,901   1,247,828   
 23,304   
 -  
 27,895,273  
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
248,826  
-  
 1,092,282   
 83,472   
 51,515   
 2,086   
 269,280   
 -  
 
 1,747,461  
Revenue from use of assets by others 
18,504  
-  
 3,595   
 228,345   
 23,639   
 9,907   
 -   
 -  
 
 283,990  
Inter-segment 
263,341  
10,267  
152,945  
4,190  
7,070  
2,500  
288,370   
(728,683) 
- 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Total revenue 
7,741,703  
4,448,836  
 8,017,456   
 5,919,012   
 2,685,125   1,262,321  
 580,954   
 (728,683) (i) 29,926,724  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
Timing of revenue recognition 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
At a point in time 
 461,936   
 -   
 1,092,282   
 83,472   
 51,515   
 2,086   
 324,210   
 (268,040) 
 
 1,747,461  
Over time 
 7,279,767   
 4,448,836   
 6,925,174   
 5,835,540   
 2,633,610   1,260,235   
 256,744   
 (460,643) 
 
28,179,263 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 7,741,703   
 4,448,836   
 8,017,456   
 5,919,012   
 2,685,125   1,262,321  
 580,954   
 (728,683) 
 
29,926,724  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Results 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Segment profit (loss) before tax* 
 2,218,604   
 765,832   
 937,560   
 (676,227)  
 591,949    (924,950)  
(86,891)  
 (548,186) (ii) 
2,277,691  
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
 847,102   
 1,325,475   
 1,578,559   
 2,292,705   
 597,874   
 796,042   
 28,288   
 534,452  (iii)  8,000,497  
Net finance costs 
  
943,179  
 
 19,934   
 87,959   
 627,172   
 12,156   
 42,257  
 145   
 -  
 
1,732,802  
*Segment profit / loss before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment including depreciation, amortisation and impairment of assets and finance cost. 
F-264

--- Page 479 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                      
 
92 
 
44    SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
Note: 
(i) 
Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. 
(ii) 
Segment profit before tax does not include the following: 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
Amortisation of intangibles 
(450,687) 
 
(538,426) 
Impairment of intangibles 
- 
 
(9,760) 
 
 
(450,687) 
 
(548,186) 
(iii) 
Amortisation relating to additional intangibles identified from business combination was not considered as part of segment expense. 
The following table presents segment assets of the Group’s operating segments as at 31 December 2019 and 2018. 
 
 
 
Ooredoo Qatar  
 
 
Asiacell 
 
NMTC 
 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar 
 
 
 
Others 
 
Adjustments 
and 
Eliminations 
 
 
 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment assets (i) 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
At 31 December 2019 
15,708,374   
9,592,206   
20,646,497   
18,816,513   
4,168,799  
 
6,733,000   
3,578,171   
8,738,062   
87,981,622  
At 31 December 2018 
18,693,034  
9,850,453  
19,661,685  
15,256,760  
3,890,053 
 
5,438,759  
4,037,784  
8,470,947  
85,299,475 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
Capital expenditure (ii) 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
At 31 December 2019 
1,577,191  
360,563  
1,216,825  
3,344,921  
538,958 
 
419,756  
10,118  
-  
7,468,332 
At 31 December 2018 
719,919  
137,723  
1,074,675  
3,099,432  
497,767 
 
707,914  
8,071  
-  
6,245,501 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
Note: 
(i) 
Goodwill amounting to QR. 8,738,062 thousand (31 December 2018: QR. 8,470,947 thousand) was not considered as part of segment assets. 
 
(ii) Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment and intangibles excluding goodwill and assets arising from business combinations. 
F-265

--- Page 480 ---
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C.  
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                                                                                        
 
93 
 
45     CONTRIBUTION TO SOCIAL AND SPORTS FUND 
According to Qatari Law No. 13 for the year 2008 and the related clarifications issued in January 2010, the Group 
is required to contribute 2.5% of its annual net profits to the state social and sports fund. The clarification relating 
to Law No. 13 requires the payable amount to be recognised as a distribution of income. Hence, this is recognised 
in statement of changes in equity. 
During the year, the Group appropriated an amount of QR. 40,700 thousand (2018: QR. 49,625 thousand) 
representing 2.5% of the net profit generated from Qatar Operations.  
 
46     SHARE SPLIT 
On 19 March 2019, the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company approved the par value of the ordinary 
share to be QR. 1 instead of QR. 10, as per the instructions of Qatar Financial Markets Authority, and amendment 
of the related Articles of Association.  
 The share split has been implemented on 4 July 2019 and this has led to an increase in the number of authorized 
shares from 500,000,000 shares to 5,000,000,000 ordinary shares and the total number of issued and fully paid 
up shares increased from 320,320,000 shares to 3,203,200,000 ordinary shares. 
Consequently, weighted average number of shares outstanding and the computed Earnings per Share (EPS) have 
been retrospectively adjusted (Note 24). The number of shares were adjusted from 320,320,000 as at 31 
December 2018 to 3,203,200,000 whereas EPS was adjusted from QR. 4.89 for the year ended 31 December 
2018, to QR. 0.49. The share split also impacted the EPS upon transition to IFRS 16 (Note 3.2.1). 
 
47     RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash 
and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are for which cash flows were, or future cash 
flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing 
activities. 
 
1  
January 
2019 
 
Financing 
cash flows 
(i) 
 
Non-cash 
changes 
(ii) 
 
Other 
changes  
(iii) 
 
31 
December 
2019 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
(Note 28) 
36,896,723 
 
(6,522,774) 
 
- 
 
265,882 
 
30,639,831 
Deferred financing 
costs (Note 28) 
(206,750) 
 
(30,028) 
 
52,158 
 
(353) 
 
(184,973) 
Other non-current 
liabilities (Note 30) 
2,197,505 
 
364,467 
 
- 
 
96,421 
 
2,658,393 
 
Notes: 
(i) 
The financing activities in the statement of cash flows mainly include the cash flows from loans and 
borrowings and other non-current liabilities.  
(ii) The non-cash changes pertain to the amortisation of deferred financing costs. 
(iii)   Other changes include exchange adjustments and reclassification. 
 
F-266

--- Page 481 ---
ISSUER 
GUARANTOR 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Victoria Place, 5th Floor 
31 Victoria Street 
Hamilton HM 10 
Bermuda 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
100 West Bay 
P.O. Box 217 
Doha 
Qatar 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRARS 
(For Registered Notes 
(other than Restricted Notes)) 
(For Restricted Notes) 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York 
Branch 
204 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10286 
United States of America 
EXCHANGE AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch 
204 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10286 
United States of America 
PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENTS 
(For Registered Notes 
(other than Restricted Notes)) 
(For Restricted Notes) 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
New York Branch 
204 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10286 
United States of America 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To Ooredoo as to  
U.S. and English law 
To Ooredoo as to 
Qatari Law 
Baker & McKenzie LLP 
100 New Bridge Street 
London EC4V 6JA 
United Kingdom 
Sultan Al-Abdulla & Partners 
Level 16, The Y Tower 
Street 305, Marina District, Lusail 
Doha, Qatar

--- Page 482 ---
To the Dealers as to 
the laws of England 
To the Dealers as to 
the laws of the 
United States 
To the Dealers as to 
Qatari Law 
Eversheds Sutherland (International) 
LLP 
One Wood Street  
London EC2V 7WS 
United Kingdom 
Eversheds 
Sutherland (US) 
LLP  
999 Peachtree St 
NE #2300, Atlanta, 
GA 30309, United 
States 
Eversheds Sutherland 
(International) LLP 
Office 1201, 12th floor 
QFC Tower 
West Bay 
Doha 
State of Qatar 
To the Issuer as to the laws of Bermuda 
Appleby (Bermuda) Limited 
Canon's Court 
22 Victoria Street 
Hamilton HM 12 
Bermuda 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Deloitte & Touche, Qatar Branch 
Al Ahli Bank – Head Office Building 
Suhaim Bin Hamad Street 
Al Sadd Area 
P.O. Box 431 
Doha, Qatar 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
 United Kingdom 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
DBS Bank Ltd  
12 Marina Boulevard  
Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3, Level 42 
Singapore 018982 
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho House 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
 
QNB Capital LLC 
Level 3, QNB Msheireb Downtown 
P.O. Box 1000 
Doha 
State of Qatar 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre  
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 483 ---
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
 Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland