--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
EITHER: (I) QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS ("QIBs") IN RELIANCE ON THE 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), PROVIDED BY RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A"); OR (II) NON-U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S")) LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES.  
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the attached 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this notice and you are therefore advised to read this 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached Base Prospectus. In accessing 
the attached Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including 
any modifications to them, any time you receive any information from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arrangers and the Dealers (each as defined in the attached Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
You acknowledge that this electronic transmission and the delivery of the base prospectus is intended for 
you only and you agree you will not forward this electronic transmission or the attached document to any 
other person. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY 
JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR THE 
GUARANTEE DESCRIBED IN THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE BEEN, NOR WILL 
BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS NOR MAY THEY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN 
THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S), EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION 
NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO, AND MUST NOT BE 
PASSED ON TO, THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE "UK"). RATHER, 
THE COMMUNICATION OF THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS AS A FINANCIAL 
PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS WHO HAVE PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) 
OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 
2005 (THE "ORDER") OR HIGH NET WORTH ENTITIES AND OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT 
MAY LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE 
ORDER (EACH SUCH PERSON BEING REFERRED TO AS A "RELEVANT PERSON"). THIS 
COMMUNICATION IS BEING DIRECTED ONLY AT RELEVANT PERSONS AND ANY 
INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS COMMUNICATION RELATES 
WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. NO PERSON OTHER THAN A 
RELEVANT PERSON SHOULD RELY ON IT. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY 
FORWARDING, 
DISTRIBUTION 
OR 
REPRODUCTION 
OF 
THE 
ATTACHED 
BASE 
PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS 
DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE 
LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION 
CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED, 
AND WILL NOT BE ABLE, TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED THEREIN. 
CONFIRMATION OF YOUR REPRESENTATION: By accessing the attached Base Prospectus you 
confirm to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers that: (i) you understand and agree to 
the terms set out herein; (ii) you consent to delivery of the attached Base Prospectus and any amendments 
or supplements thereto by electronic transmission; (iii) you will not transmit the attached Base Prospectus 
(or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to any other 
person; and (iv) you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment regarding any credit,

--- Page 2 ---
investment, legal, taxation or other economic considerations with respect to your decision to subscribe or 
purchase any of the Notes (as defined in the attached Base Prospectus). In order to be eligible to view the 
attached Base Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to the Notes, investors must be 
either: (a) QIBs (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act); or (b) non-U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) located outside the United States. The attached Base Prospectus is being sent at 
your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing the attached Base Prospectus, you shall be deemed 
to have represented to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers that: (1) you and any 
customers you represent are either (X) QIBs or (Y) non-U.S. persons located outside the United States; 
(2) you are a person who is permitted under applicable law and regulation to receive the attached Base 
Prospectus; and (3) you consent to delivery of the attached Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the attached Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the attached Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with 
the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the attached Base Prospectus to any other person. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a 
violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
The attached Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires 
that an offering of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer, such offering shall 
be deemed to be made by each Arranger or Dealer (that is not a licensed broker or dealer in that 
jurisdiction) on behalf of the Issuer through its registered affiliate that is a licensed broker or dealer in 
that jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the attached Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the securities described herein in any jurisdiction in which 
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Recipients of the attached Base Prospectus who intend 
to subscribe for or purchase any Notes are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made 
on the basis of the information contained in the attached Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms and/or supplement(s) to the attached Base Prospectus (if any). The attached Base Prospectus 
may only be communicated to persons in the UK in circumstances where Section 21(1) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, does not apply. 
The distribution of the attached Base Prospectus in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons 
into whose possession the attached Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Arrangers and the Dealers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
The attached Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that 
documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic 
transmission and consequently neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers nor any 
person who controls them nor any director, officer, employee or agent of them or affiliate of any such 
person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the attached 
Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on 
request from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers. Please ensure that your copy is 
complete. If you received the attached Base Prospectus by e-mail, you should not reply by e-mail to this 
announcement. Any reply e-mail communications, including those you generate by using the "reply" 
function on your e-mail software, will be ignored or rejected. You are responsible for protecting against 
viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is at your own risk and it is your responsibility 
to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and with effect from such date, should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 3 ---
professional client, as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and with effect from such date, should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (a) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended or superseded, the "EUWA"); or (b) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance", which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for purposes of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - IN CONNECTION WITH SECTION 309B 
OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE (AS MODIFIED OR 
AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE "SFA") AND THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
(CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018 OF SINGAPORE (THE "CMP 
REGULATIONS 2018"), UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED BEFORE AN OFFER OF NOTES, 
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED HAS DETERMINED, AND HEREBY

--- Page 4 ---
NOTIFIES ALL RELEVANT PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 309A(1) OF THE SFA), 
THAT THE NOTES ARE 'PRESCRIBED CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS' (AS DEFINED 
IN THE CMP REGULATIONS 2018) AND EXCLUDED INVESTMENT PRODUCTS (AS 
DEFINED IN MAS NOTICE SFA 04-N12: NOTICE ON THE SALE OF INVESTMENT 
PRODUCTS AND MAS NOTICE FAA-N16: NOTICE ON RECOMMENDATIONS ON 
INVESTMENT PRODUCTS).

--- Page 5 ---
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
(an exempted company limited by shares and incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies Act 1981) 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C. 
(a Qatari public shareholding company incorporated with registration number 21183 under Qatari law no. 21 of 1998) 
Under this U.S.$5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Ooredoo International Finance Limited (the "Issuer") may from time to 
time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The payments of all amounts due 
in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (the "Guarantor" and "Ooredoo"). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from 
time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to any increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer(s) appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer and Ooredoo (each a "Dealer" and together, the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. References in this base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") to the "relevant Dealer(s)" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers who have agreed to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of the principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer and Ooredoo to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 7. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes that are 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is 
a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"). The approval of the Central Bank of Ireland relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. References 
in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or have been admitted to trading on such further stock exchanges as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined 
below). There is no assurance that a trading market in the Notes will develop or be maintained. This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes which are applicable to each Tranche (as 
defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been or will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any United 
States state securities laws and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The Notes may be offered and sold (i) within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers 
(each, a "QIB") within the meaning of, and pursuant to, Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") in reliance on the exemption from registration under Section 
5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A or on another exemption therefrom and (ii) to non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) in offshore transactions as 
defined in, and in reliance on, Regulation S. See "Form of the Notes" for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Issuer and Ooredoo may agree with any Dealer(s) that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which 
event a supplemental prospectus or a new base prospectus, in the case of listed Notes only, if appropriate, will be made available, which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined under "Overview of the Programme") of Notes to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing such rating 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Ooredoo has been assigned ratings of A2 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") with a stable outlook, A by 
Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and A by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), both with a stable outlook. S&P is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has assigned is endorsed 
by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended or superseded) (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Each of Moody's and Fitch are established in the UK 
and are registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Each of Fitch, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody's appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. Neither of Moody's or Fitch is established in the 
European Union and they have not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited respectively in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Both of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited are established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such both Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), and will typically be provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA ("ESMA Benchmarks Register") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. However, transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in the ESMA Benchmarks Register at the date of the Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of SOFR (the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York), is not included in the ESMA Benchmarks Register and, as far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware, under Article 2 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not required to obtain authorisation or registration. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Arrangers and Dealers 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
DBS Bank Ltd 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
QNB Capital 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 October 2024.

--- Page 6 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, Ooredoo, the Group (as 
defined herein) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, Ooredoo, the Group 
and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and Ooredoo. 
The Issuer and Ooredoo accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and Ooredoo, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office 
set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined herein). 
Certain information under the heading "Book Entry Clearance Systems" has been extracted from 
information provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. 
Certain information under the heading "Overview of Qatar" has been extracted from information 
provided or obtained by the Qatar Central Bank's website and Quarterly Statistical Bulletin and the 
Planning and Statistics Authority. 
Each of the Issuer and Ooredoo confirms that all third party information contained in this Base Prospectus 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of any third party information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is stated where such information appears in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any amendments or supplements hereto and with 
any documents incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. 
None of the Arrangers and the Dealers has independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arrangers and the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer or Ooredoo in connection with the Programme. None of the Arrangers or the 
Dealers  accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or Ooredoo in connection with the 
Programme. 
The only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the 
persons named in the relevant subscription agreement as the relevant Dealers or the Managers, as the case 
may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or Ooredoo to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered 
into in relation to the Programme or any other information supplied by the Issuer or Ooredoo or such 
other information as is in the public domain in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, Ooredoo or any of the Arrangers and the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, Ooredoo or any of the Arrangers and the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and Ooredoo. Neither this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or

--- Page 7 ---
- ii - 
 
 
the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, Ooredoo or any of 
the Arrangers and the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or 
Ooredoo is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Arrangers and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or Ooredoo during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor 
in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, Ooredoo and the Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, Ooredoo, the Arrangers or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, sale and transfer of Notes in Bermuda, the Dubai 
International Financial Centre, the Abu Dhabi Global Market, the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), 
the United Kingdom (the "UK"), Japan, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the State of Qatar 
(excluding the Qatar Financial Centre), the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International 
Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global Market) and the United States of America. See "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA (each, a "Relevant State") or the UK will be made pursuant to either an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation or an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended or superseded, the "EUWA") 
(the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), as the case may be, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State or 
the UK (as the case may be) of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as the case may be), in each 
case, in relation to such offer.  
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or a 
UK regulated market (as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR")) within the UK or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
EEA or in the UK in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, the minimum specified denomination shall 
be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as of the date of issue of the Notes).

--- Page 8 ---
- iii - 
 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Notes must 
determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact that such an investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where principal and interest are payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes may be complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They generally purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in an issue 
of Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help 
of a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of such Notes and the impact that such an investment will have on the potential 
investor's overall investment portfolio. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own, independent examination of the 
Issuer and Ooredoo and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer or Ooredoo makes any representation to any investor 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor should be able to bear 
the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict the ability of certain investors to make investments in the 
Notes. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations 
or review and regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors 
to determine whether and to what extent: (i) the Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) the Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge 
of any Notes by the investor. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulator to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules and regulations. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, neither the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda nor the Bermuda 
Monetary Authority (the "BMA") nor any other regulatory body in Bermuda has approved or disapproved 
of the Notes or passed upon the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is 
a criminal offence. 
EXCHANGE CONTROL 
Securities may be offered or sold in Bermuda only in compliance with the provisions of the Bermuda 
Companies Act 1981, as amended (the "Companies Act"), the Investment Business Act 2003, the 
Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations of Bermuda which regulate the sale of securities in 
Bermuda. In addition, specific permission is required from the BMA, pursuant to the provisions of the

--- Page 9 ---
- iv - 
 
 
Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations for all issuances and transfers of securities of 
Bermuda companies, other than in cases where the BMA has granted a general permission. 
The BMA, in its policy dated 1 June 2005, provides that, in respect of a Bermuda company which does 
not have any equity securities (an equity security is defined as a share issued by a Bermuda company 
which entitles the holder to vote for or appoint one or more directors or a security which by its terms is 
convertible into a share which entitles the holder to vote for or appoint one or more directors) listed on 
an appointed stock exchange (which the Issuer does not), general permission is given for the issue and 
subsequent transfer of any securities, other than equity securities, from and/or to a non-resident of 
Bermuda. The general permission does not apply to securities held in bearer form. The BMA has granted 
specific permission to the Issuer for: (i) the issue of the Notes to "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (as 
defined in Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act in compliance with Rule 144A) and 
"Accredited Investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities 
Act) in the United States; and outside the United States pursuant to and in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act and in accordance with local securities laws and regulations, in all cases with a 
minimum Note denomination of €100,000; and (ii) the free transferability of Notes so long as the Notes 
are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or any other Appointed Stock Exchange (as defined 
in the Companies Act); and the free transferability of the Notes if not so listed in accordance with local 
securities laws and regulations, in all cases with a minimum Note denomination of €100,000. 
The BMA consent referred to above covers the issue and free transferability of the Notes being offered 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Base Prospectus but not any supplement thereto. The BMA accepts no 
responsibility for the financial soundness of any proposal or for the correctness of any of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in this Base Prospectus or in any prospectus supplement. 
Unless the Notes are listed on the Bermuda Stock Exchange, no invitation whether directly or indirectly 
may be made to the public in Bermuda to subscribe for the Notes. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to "qualified institutional buyers" 
within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act ("QIBs") or to "accredited investors" (as defined 
in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities Act) that are institutions 
("Institutional Accredited Investors"), in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any 
Registered Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"). 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). Each purchaser or holder of Definitive 
IAI Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered 
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together "Legended Notes") will be required or deemed, by 
its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes, as set out in "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number 
of QIBs and Institutional Accredited Investors for informational use solely in connection with the 
consideration of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose 
in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it 
be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it 
is originally submitted. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF 
THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE 
OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE

--- Page 10 ---
- v - 
 
 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE 
IN THE UNITED STATES. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
"restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, each of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor has undertaken in a deed poll dated 1 October 2024 (the "Deed Poll") to furnish, upon 
the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective 
purchaser designated by them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as "restricted securities" 
within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is a 
reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance", which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes whether, for the 
purpose of the product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
NOTICE TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTICE TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS

--- Page 11 ---
- vi - 
 
 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes: the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (b) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
UK MiFIR Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and 
accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB") in the Kingdom of Bahrain where 
such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or the equivalent amount in any 
other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 
2006). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as 
a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer 
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or 
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of securities will be made to the public in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, 
or made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Notes issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered 
with the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
or the Qatar Financial Markets Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the 
Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or 
resident in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and do not constitute debt financing 
in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. 
(11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre).

--- Page 12 ---
- vii - 
 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom except to such persons as are permitted under the 
Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority. 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of 
this document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should 
conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do 
not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an 
offer of Notes, Ooredoo International Finance Limited has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets 
products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as an exempted company under the laws of Bermuda. All or a substantial 
portion of the assets of the Issuer are located outside the United States. As a result, an investor may not 
be able to effect service of process outside Bermuda upon the Issuer, or its directors and officers or to 
enforce court judgments obtained against the Issuer, or its directors and officers in jurisdictions outside 
of Bermuda predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer under laws other than Bermuda law, including 
any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
There is no treaty in force between the United States and Bermuda providing for the reciprocal 
recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. As a result, whether a United 
States judgment would be enforceable in Bermuda against the Issuer or its directors and officers depends 
on whether the U.S. court that entered the judgment is recognised by the Bermuda court as having 
jurisdiction over the Issuer or its directors and officers, as determined by reference to Bermuda conflict 
of law rules. The courts of Bermuda would likely give recognition to a valid, final and conclusive in 
personam judgment obtained in a U.S. court pursuant to which a debt or definitive sum of money is 
payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a 
like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) as long as (i) the U.S. court issuing the judgment had 
proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to the judgment and had jurisdiction to give the judgment as a 
matter of Bermuda law; (ii) the U.S. court issuing the judgment did not contravene the rules of natural 
justice of Bermuda; (iii) the judgment was not obtained by fraud; and (iv) the enforcement of the judgment 
would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda (this is likely to be the case if, for example, there 
is a Bermuda judgment which conflicts with the judgment of the U.S. court in respect of which the 
enforcement is sought or if the judgment creditor has unsettled judgment debts in Bermuda). 
In addition to and irrespective of jurisdictional issues, the Bermuda courts will not enforce a United States 
federal securities law that is either penal or contrary to the public policy of Bermuda. An action brought 
pursuant to a public or penal law, the purpose of which is the enforcement of a sanction, power or right 
at the instance of the state in its sovereign capacity, is unlikely to be enforced by a Bermuda court. Certain 
remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including certain remedies under U.S. federal 
securities laws, will not likely be available under Bermuda law or enforceable in a Bermuda court as, 
among other reasons, they may be contrary to Bermuda public policy. Further, no claim may be brought 
in Bermuda against the Issuer or its directors and officers in the first instance for violations of U.S. federal 
securities laws because these laws have no extraterritorial jurisdiction under Bermuda law and do not 
have force of law in Bermuda. A Bermuda court may, however, impose civil liability on the Issuer or its

--- Page 13 ---
- viii - 
 
 
directors and officers if the facts alleged in a complaint constitute or give rise to a cause of action under 
Bermuda law. 
No stamp duty or similar or other tax or duty is payable in Bermuda on the enforcement of a foreign 
judgment. Court fees will be payable in connection with proceedings for enforcement. 
Qatar 
Ooredoo is a Qatari public shareholding company incorporated under the laws of the State of Qatar 
("Qatar" or the "State"). All of its officers and directors named herein reside outside the United States 
and all or a substantial portion of the assets of Ooredoo and of such officers and directors are located 
outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process 
outside Qatar upon Ooredoo or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts 
outside Qatar predicated upon civil liabilities of Ooredoo or such directors and officers under laws other 
than Qatari law, including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
There is currently no treaty or convention for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments between Qatar on 
the one hand and the United States on the other. Law No. 13 of 1990 (the "Qatar Civil and Commercial 
Code") sets out the conditions that apply to the recognition and enforcement in Qatar of foreign court 
judgments and, accordingly, a foreign court judgment can in theory be enforced in Qatar. In practice, 
however, two of the conditions can constitute material impediments to the successful enforcement of a 
foreign court judgment. The first requirement is reciprocity with the courts of the foreign jurisdiction. 
Article 379 of the Qatar Civil and Commercial Code states: "Judgments and orders pronounced in a 
foreign country may be enforced in Qatar on the same conditions determined in that foreign country for 
the enforcement of Qatari judgments and orders therein." A Qatari court would be entitled to call for 
evidence on the laws of the foreign jurisdiction concerning the conditions that would be applicable for 
the execution of the judgment of a Qatari court in that jurisdiction. The second requirement is finality. 
Article 380.3 of the Qatar Civil and Commercial Code requires that the judgment is final and has the 
effect of res judicata under the relevant applicable rules which can be a challenge to demonstrate. In order 
to enforce such judgment, it would be necessary to initiate proceedings in Qatar to enforce a United States 
court judgment and the judgment debtor would be entitled to one, and possibly two, levels of appeal. The 
new Law no. 4 of 2024 ("Judicial Enforcement Law") has now been published and is expected to enter 
into force in December 2024. The Judicial Enforcement Law will replace the foregoing provisions of the 
Qatar Civil and Commercial Code. However, the Judicial Enforcement Law does not change the current 
position in respect of enforcement as it exists under the Qatar Civil and Commercial Code. 
The Notes and the Guarantee are governed by English law and disputes in respect of them may be settled 
under the LCIA Rules in London, England. In addition, actions in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee 
may be brought in the English courts at the option of the Noteholders. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating 
to Enforcement – It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce arbitration awards and foreign judgments 
against the Issuer" and "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Enforcement – It may be difficult for Noteholders 
to enforce arbitration awards and foreign judgments against Ooredoo". 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information set out in this Base Prospectus include:: 
(i) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (the "Group") as at and for the three-month and six-month periods 
ended 30 June 2024 (which include unaudited comparative financial information for the three-
month and six-month periods ended 30 June 2023) together with the explanatory notes (the "2024 
Interim Financial Information") that are set out on pages F-1 to F-38 of this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2023 (which includes unaudited comparative financial information as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022) together with the explanatory notes (the "2023 Financial 
Statements") that are set out on pages F-82 to F-183 of this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 14 ---
- ix - 
 
 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2022 (which includes unaudited comparative information as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 together with the explanatory notes (the "2022 Financial Statements", 
and together with the 2023 Financial Statements, the "Consolidated Financial Statements") 
that are set out on pages F-184 to F-283 of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 
2023 together with the explanatory notes (the "Issuer's 2023 Financial Statements") and the 
audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2022 
together with the explanatory notes (the "Issuer's 2022 Financial Statements", together with 
the Issuer’s 2023 Financial Statements the "Issuer's Financial Statements") that are set out on 
pages F-39 to F-81 of this Base Prospectus.  
The 2024 Interim Financial Information have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting 
Standard IAS 34 'Interim Financial Reporting' ("IAS 34") 
The 2023 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards 
("IFRS"). The 2022 Financial Statement has been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as issued by International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). 
The Issuer's 2023 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards issued by the IASB. The Issuer's 2022 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the IASB). 
The 2024 Interim Financial Information have been reviewed by PricewaterhouseCoopers - Qatar Branch 
("PwC") in accordance with the International Standards on Review Engagements 2410 "Review of 
interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity", as stated in their review 
report relating to the 2024 Interim Financial Information which is set out on page F-3 in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Consolidated Financial Statements and the Issuer's Financial Statements have been audited by PwC 
in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing ("ISA"), as stated in their independent 
auditor's reports which are set out beginning on pages F-41, F-62, F-84 and F-186 in this Base Prospectus  
Sources of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included in this Base Prospectus relating to the 
Group has been derived: 
(i) 
in the case of the financial information as at, and for the six-month periods ended, 30 June 2024 
and 30 June 2023, from the 2024 Interim Financial Statements; 
(ii) 
in the case of the financial information as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022, from the 2023 Financial Statements; and 
(iii) 
in the case of the financial information as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2021 from the 
2022 Financial Statements. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included in this Base Prospectus relating to the 
Issuer has been derived: 
(i) 
in the case of the financial information as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2023, from 
the Issuer’s 2023 Financial Statements; and 
(ii) 
in the case of the financial information as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 from the Issuer’s 2022 Financial Statements. 
Non-IFRS Measures 
We refer in this Base Prospectus to Adjusted EBITDA, Capital Expenditure and Profit Margin, which are 
non-IFRS financial measures. They are supplemental financial measures that are not prepared in

--- Page 15 ---
- x - 
 
 
accordance with IFRS and have important limitations as an analytical tool. Any analysis of non-IFRS 
financial measures should be used only in conjunction with results presented in accordance with IFRS 
and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the results as reported under 
IFRS. In addition, these measures are defined differently by different companies and, accordingly, such 
measures as used in this Base Prospectus may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other 
companies. 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation ("EBITDA") is a measure used by the 
Group's management to measure operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA ("Adjusted EBITDA") 
equals profit for the year adjusted for income tax and other tax related fees, depreciation and amortisation, 
finance cost, finance income, impairment of losses on goodwill and other non-financial assets, royalty 
fees, other income and other gains / (losses) - net. For a reconciliation of profit for the period to Adjusted 
EBITDA see "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information of the Group". Adjusted EBITDA 
is not a recognised measure under IFRS or US generally accepted accounting principles and does not 
purport to be an alternative to profit after tax from continuing operations as a measure of operating 
performance or to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. Additionally, Adjusted 
EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow available for management's discretionary use, 
as the measure does not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, debt 
service requirements and capital expenditures. Ooredoo believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful 
information to investors and is helpful in highlighting trends because it excludes the results of certain 
decisions that are outside the control of operating management and can differ significantly from company 
to company depending on long term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, its stage of growth 
development, its capital expenditure requirements, the jurisdictions in which certain companies operate 
and capital investments. As not all companies use identical calculations, these presentations of Adjusted 
EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. Adjusted 
EBITDA may not be indicative of the Group's historical operating results presented in accordance with 
IFRS. Adjusted EBITDA is not subject to audit or review by any independent auditors. 
Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool. Some of these limitations are:  
• 
it does not reflect the Group's cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditure or 
contractual commitments;  
• 
it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, the Group's working capital needs;  
• 
it does not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service 
interest or principal payments, on the Group's debt;  
• 
although depreciation and amortisation are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and 
amortised will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect 
any cash requirements for such replacements;  
• 
it does not adjust for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in the Group's 
statements of cash flows; and  
• 
the further adjustments made in calculating Adjusted EBITDA are those that management 
considers as not representative of the underlying operations of the Group, and therefore are 
subjective in nature. 
Capital Expenditure 
Capital expenditure refers to investments in tangible and intangible assets, including the acquisition, 
enhancement, or maintenance of property, plant, and equipment, as well as intangible assets, excluding 
costs related to licenses. Capital expenditure is calculated as the sum of additions to property, plant and 
equipment and additions to intangible assets excluding licence costs. 
Profit Margin

--- Page 16 ---
- xi - 
 
 
Profit margin is calculated as segment profit (loss) before tax divided by segment total revenue. 
Industry, Market and Customer Data 
The customer data included in this Base Prospectus, including penetration rates, average revenue per user 
rates ("ARPU"), churn rates and market shares are derived from management estimates of such customer 
data for the Group and its subsidiaries. The Group's use or computation of these terms, such as ARPU, 
may not be comparable to the use or computation of similarly titled measures reported by other companies 
in the telecommunications industry, including the Group's subsidiaries' competitors. How the Group's 
five principal operating companies calculate their number of customers, churn and ARPU is described in 
more detail below. In addition, as each of the Group's operating companies may calculate churn and 
ARPU in slightly different ways, the Group does not present in this Base Prospectus its churn rate or 
ARPU on a consolidated basis and thus these figures are not directly fully comparable. See "Presentation 
of Financial and other Information – Industry, Market and Customer Data – Customers" and 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Factors 
Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations". 
Customers 
Mobile customers who pay in advance of services provided are counted as "prepaid" customers and 
mobile customers who pay periodically following the provision of services are counted as "postpaid" 
customers. The rate at which mobile customers are disconnected from a network or are removed from an 
operating company's customer count due to inactivity, is referred to as the company's "churn" rate. For 
all of the Group's operating companies, a mobile customer is counted from the date of the activation of 
such mobile customer's subscriber identity module card ("SIM card"). 
As discussed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the Group operates companies in the Middle East, North 
Africa, and Asia Pacific regions. Because each such company calculates its mobile customer numbers in 
accordance with its historical practices, which is in turn primarily a function of market conditions and 
regulatory requirements in the country in which it operates, the Group's operating companies do not 
prepare their mobile customer numbers on a consistent basis. The Group's five principal operations 
calculate their mobile customer numbers as follows: 
• 
Ooredoo Qatar does not count postpaid customers as customers if they have any outstanding 
balance remaining more than 110 days after their last statement date and does not consider 
prepaid customers to be customers if they have not recharged their SIM card within 90 days of 
its validity date by adding certain minimum amounts to it. 
• 
Asiacell Communications PJSC ("Asiacell") does not consider prepaid customers to be 
customers if they have not had any chargeable activities within the last 90 days. 
• 
Ooredoo Algeria does not count postpaid customers as customers if they have any outstanding 
balance remaining more than 120 days after their last statement date, and does not consider 
prepaid customers to be customers if they have not recharged their SIM card within 120 days of 
its expiry date by adding certain minimum amounts to it. 
• 
Ooredoo Oman does not count postpaid customers as customers if they have any outstanding 
balance remaining more than 180 days after their last statement date and does not consider 
prepaid customers to be customers if they have not recharged their SIM card within 180 days of 
its expiry date by adding certain minimum amounts to it.  
• 
Ooredoo Kuwait does not count postpaid customers as customers if they have any outstanding 
balance remaining more than 150 days after their last statement date and does not consider 
prepaid customers to be customers if they have not recharged their SIM card within 90 days of 
its expiry date by adding certain minimum amounts to it. 
The Group calculates churn by dividing the total number of deactivations (voluntary and involuntary) in 
a given period by the number of customers for the same period. However, certain of its operating 
companies do not calculate churn, and Ooredoo Kuwait divides the total number of deactivations 
(voluntary and involuntary) by the average number of subscribing customers in a given period. Asiacell

--- Page 17 ---
- xii - 
 
 
considers customers as churners if they have not had any chargeable activities within the last 90 days. 
See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – 
Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Churn". 
Fixed line customers, for which the Group provides services in Qatar, Oman, Kuwait, Maldives and 
Tunisia, are calculated by the number of active lines at the end of the period. In general, a customer is no 
longer counted as a customer if they have not made a payment on an outstanding balance within 
approximately 110 to 180 days (depending on the market). 
The Group calculates proportionate customers by multiplying each operating company's total number of 
customers by the Group's economic interest in that operating company. 
ARPU 
The Group believes that ARPU provides useful information concerning the appeal and usage patterns of 
the Group's rate plans and service offerings and the Group's performance in attracting and retaining high-
value customers. The Group's operating companies all calculate ARPU on a quarterly basis by dividing 
the recurring revenue, including airtime and interconnection revenue, for a given three-month period by 
the average number of customers for that period. The average number of customers is the sum of the total 
number of customers at the beginning of the period and the number of customers at the end of the period 
divided by two. However, each of the Group's operating companies may define recurring revenue in 
slightly different ways. Ooredoo Qatar includes all connection charges and other onetime charges in 
recurring revenue, but excludes device and accessory revenue. For Ooredoo Kuwait, Ooredoo Algeria 
and Ooredoo Oman, all recurring revenue is included but visitor roaming revenues and other one-time 
revenues are excluded. Asiacell, on the other hand, includes roaming revenue in recurring revenues for 
the purposes of calculating ARPU.  
Cell Sites 
The number of cell sites operated in each of the Group's markets has been provided by the Group's 
subsidiary in that particular market. A cell site is a physical site comprising the infrastructure and radio 
equipment associated with a cellular transmitting and receiving station, including land, building, tower, 
antennas and electrical equipment for one or several radio access technologies (including GSM, WCDMA 
or LTE). The definition of cell sites could differ slightly between Group companies. 
Market Share 
In certain of the Group's markets, the Group's subsidiaries' market share data and that of their competitors 
has been calculated based on available information released by the Group's competitors in the markets in 
which the Group operates. Undue reliance should not be placed on market share data because of 
differences in the dates as of which such data is made available in each market by the Group's various 
companies and because the Group cannot verify the information provided by its competitors. 
No Representation or Warranty 
Market data and certain industry data, forecasts and statements regarding the Group's position in the 
telecommunications industries in its various markets made in this Base Prospectus are based on Ooredoo's 
own internal estimates and, in some cases, on industry data collected by the relevant national regulator 
or the industry. While Ooredoo believes the statements contained in this Base Prospectus, including 
customer and market share information, to be reliable and to provide fair and adequate estimates of the 
size of its markets and fairly reflect the Group's competitive position within those markets, these 
statements have not been independently verified and Ooredoo does not make any representation or 
warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information set forth in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, Ooredoo has made statements in this Base Prospectus regarding the telecommunications 
industry, the markets in which subsidiaries operate, its operating subsidiaries' position in the industry and 
the market shares of various industry participants based on Ooredoo's experience and Ooredoo's own 
investigation of market conditions (in particular, based on its internal data collected from its subsidiaries' 
networks, monitoring traffic and customer activations). Ooredoo cannot assure you that any of its 
assumptions are accurate or correctly reflect Ooredoo's subsidiaries' position in the industry and none of 
Ooredoo's internal surveys or information has been verified by any independent sources.

--- Page 18 ---
- xiii - 
 
 
The customer, churn, ARPU and market share data contained in this Base Prospectus are not part of the 
Group's financial statements or financial accounting records and have not been audited or otherwise 
reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts.  
 
Rounding 
Certain figures contained in this Base Prospectus, including financial information, have been subject to 
rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum of the numbers in a column or a row in 
tables contained in this Base Prospectus may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column 
or row. Percentages in tables have been rounded and accordingly may not add up to 100 per cent. 
Currency presentation 
In this Base Prospectus: 
"Algerian Dinars" or "DA" refers to the lawful currency of Algeria; 
"Euro" or "€" refers to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to Article 123 of the treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended; 
"Iraqi Dinars" or "IQD" refers to the lawful currency of Iraq; 
"Kuwaiti Dinars" or "KD" refers to the lawful currency of Kuwait; 
"Omani Rial" or "OMR" refers to the lawful currency of Oman; 
"Qatari Riyal" or "QR" refers to the lawful currency of Qatar; 
"QRm" refers to Qatari Riyals in millions; 
"United States" or the "U.S." refers to the United States of America; 
"U.S. Dollars", "USD" or "U.S.$" refers to the lawful currency of the United States of America; and 
"U.S.$m" refers to U.S. Dollars in millions. 
Exchange rates 
The Group presents the Consolidated Financial Statements and 2024 Interim Financial Information in 
Qatari Riyals. The Qatari Riyal is, and since the mid-1980s has been, pegged to the U.S. Dollar at a fixed 
exchange rate of QR3.6415 = U.S.$1.00 and, accordingly, translations of amounts from Qatari Riyals to 
U.S. Dollars have been made at this exchange rate for all periods in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer presents the Issuer's Financial Statements in U.S. Dollars.  
The following table sets out for the dates indicated U.S. Dollar exchange rates of the other principal 
currencies of the Group, which are the Kuwaiti Dinar, Iraqi Dinar, Algerian Dinar and Omani Rial on 
31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 (based on the mid-market rate reported by Bloomberg). 
 
31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Currency (=U.S.$1.00) 
 
 
 
Iraqi Dinars....................................................................................  
1,477 
1,530 
1,320 
Algerian Dinars .............................................................................  
139.038 
137.741 
134.486 
Omani Rial ....................................................................................  
0.385 
0.385 
0.384 
Kuwaiti Dinars ..............................................................................  
0.302 
0.306 
0.307 
 
Solely for the convenience of the reader, certain financial information as at 31 December 2021, 2022 and 
2023 has been translated into U.S. Dollars at the conversion rates quoted by Bloomberg at such dates and

--- Page 19 ---
- xiv - 
 
 
as set out above. There can be no assurance that members of the Group outside Qatar converted, or could 
have converted, amounts in local currency into U.S. Dollars at the conversion rates at which amounts 
have been translated in this Base Prospectus. 
On 30 June 2024, the mid-market rate for exchange between U.S. Dollars and Kuwaiti Dinars, as reported 
by Bloomberg, was KD0.306 to U.S.$1.00, the mid-market rate for exchange between U.S. Dollars and 
Iraqi Dinars, as reported by Bloomberg, was IQD1,320 to U.S.$1.00, the mid-market rate for exchange 
between U.S. Dollars and Algerian Dinars, as reported by Bloomberg, was DA134,664 to U.S.$1.00 and 
the mid-market rate for exchange between U.S. Dollars and Omani Rial, as reported by Bloomberg, was 
OMR0.384 to U.S.$1.00.  
Reclassification of financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 in the 2023 
Financial Statements 
Certain comparative figures as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been reclassified in the 
2023 Financial Statements, so that the financial information as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023 are comparable. Such reclassifications have been made by the Group and it 
did not have any impact on the previously reported equity and profits. The reclassifications only affect 
items set out in Note 49 to the 2023 Financial Statements which is set out on pages F-182 to F-183 in this 
Base Prospectus. 
The effects of the reclassifications have accordingly been mirrored in the comparative consolidated 
statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2022 with no impact on net cash generated from 
operating activities, net cash used in investing activities or net cash used in financing activities. 
The below summarises the impact on the opening consolidated statement of financial position of as at 
31 December 2022: 
1. 
The industry fee and royalty fee expenses that were previously accounted for in accordance with 
IFRIC 21 and was presented as part of the "Royalty fees" expense line item has also been 
reassessed. Such fees should have been recognised as income taxes in accordance with IAS 12, 
since the determination is based on the adjusted net profit as further detailed above in note 19 of 
the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, industry fees in Qatar and Kuwait royalty fee 
expenses are now reclassified to be presented as income tax and other tax related fees in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. Accordingly, the related payables for such fees have been 
reclassified to "Income tax and other tax related payables" line item from "Trade and other 
payables" and "Provisions - current" respectively. 
2. 
The Group re-assessed its accounting treatment of a contract for differences instrument with a 
financial institution and concluded that the arrangement should be treated as a single financial 
asset. The contractual terms of the arrangement do not give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding and as such 
management has classified the financial assets as subsequently measured at fair value through 
profit or loss in line with the requirements of IFRS Accounting Standards. 
Reclassification of financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Certain comparative figures as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been reclassified in the 
2022 Financial Statements. The comparative figures have been reclassified in order to conform with the 
presentation in the 2022 Financial Statements. Such reclassifications have been made by the Group to 
improve the quality of information presented and did not have any impact on the previously reported 
equity and profits.  
The effects of the reclassifications have accordingly been mirrored in the comparative consolidated 
statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2021 with no impact on net cash generated from 
operating activities, net cash used in investing activities or net cash used in financing activities. The 
reclassifications only affect items set out in Note 49 to the 2022 Financial Statements which is set out on 
page F-283 in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
- xv - 
 
 
The financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 has been extracted from the 2022 
Financial Statements which were not updated to conform with the presentation used in the 2023 Financial 
Statements, and hence may not be directly comparable to the 2023 and 2022 comparative financial 
information included in the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 21 ---
- xvi - 
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "target", "aim", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. All statements other than 
statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding Ooredoo's or, as the case may be, the Group's financial position, business strategy, management 
plans and objectives for future operations, are forward looking statements. These forward looking 
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause 
Ooredoo's or, as the case may be, the Group's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry 
results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. 
These forward looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding Ooredoo's or, as the 
case may be, the Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which it expects 
to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause Ooredoo's or, as the case may be, the Group's 
actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward looking 
statements include, among other factors referenced in this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the impact of investment in network capacity and the deployment of new technologies, or the 
rapid obsolescence of existing technology; 
• 
greater than anticipated competitive activity, from both existing competitors and new market 
entrants; 
• 
changes in economic, financial and political conditions in markets served by operations of the 
Group that would adversely affect the level of demand for telecommunications services and 
related infrastructure; 
• 
the performance of strategic initiatives of the Group, including, data centres, undersea cables and 
financial technologies;  
• 
the performance of strategic joint ventures in which the Group is involved; 
• 
the Group's ability to operate, maintain and protect equipment, software, information and 
network infrastructure and the impact of any natural disasters or physical or cyber attacks on such 
systems or infrastructure;  
• 
changes in exchange rates 
• 
removal or adjustment of the peg between the U.S. Dollar and the Qatari Riyal; 
• 
the effects of, and changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy affecting the Group's 
business activities; 
• 
the Group's ability to obtain and maintain necessary regulatory approvals and licences for its 
businesses; and  
• 
the Group's ability to make capital expenditure and other investments that it deems necessary or 
desirable. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
include, but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Forward looking statements speak 
only as of the date of this Base Prospectus and Ooredoo expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking 
to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements in this Base Prospectus to reflect any change 
in Ooredoo's expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which these forward 
looking statements are based. Given the uncertainties of forward looking statements, Ooredoo cannot 
guarantee that projected results or events will be achieved and cautions potential investors not to rely on 
these statements.

--- Page 22 ---
- xvii - 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. The permission from the Bermuda Monetary Authority to issue Bearer Notes 
and the direction from the Bermuda Registrar of Companies that the Base Prospectus is exempt from the 
provisions of Part III and Section 35 of Part IV of the Companies Act do not extend to any supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publication of a new prospectus. Specific permission and a new direction will 
need to be sought for each supplement to this Base Prospectus or publication of a new prospectus 
published in relation to the Programme. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) in the relevant subscription agreement (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if commenced, may be discontinued at 
any time, and must be brought to an end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and rules.

--- Page 23 ---
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................... 7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 38 
FORM OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................................... 39 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................. 43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................... 52 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 99 
CAPITALISATION OF THE GROUP ................................................................................................. 100 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 101 
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF THE ISSUER .................................................. 103 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP .. 104 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................................ 108 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP .................................................................................... 129 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ........................................................................................................... 168 
OVERVIEW OF QATAR ..................................................................................................................... 180 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................... 184 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................... 188 
CERTAIN ERISA AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS ..................................................................... 201 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ...................... 203 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 216 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................... 219

--- Page 24 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, is completed by the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer, Ooredoo and any relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and, if appropriate, a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus or a new base prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.  
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited is an exempted company limited 
by shares and incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies Act on 8 
May 2009 (with registered number 43194), having its registered office at 
Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda, 
telephone number +1 441 294 8000. 
 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity which has been established to raise 
capital by the issue of Notes. See "Business Description of the Issuer". 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
code 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
549300BHXCDJ03WU7N77. 
Guarantor: 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is a Qatari public shareholding company incorporated 
with registration number 21183 under Qatari Law No. 21 of 1998, having 
its registered office at 100 West Bay, P.O. Box 217, Doha, Qatar, 
telephone number +974 4440 4779. 
 
Ooredoo's primary business activity centres around the operation of 
mobile telecommunications networks and other telecommunications 
services directly and through various consolidated subsidiaries in eight 
markets in the Middle East, North Africa and South Asia. See "Business 
Description of the Group". 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 
549300D3EIDZJB62TR20. 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
 
The Issuer and Ooredoo may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There are also 
certain factors that may affect Ooredoo's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Guarantee. 
 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. These include certain risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
 
See "Risk Factors". 
Arrangers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, DBS Bank Ltd., HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan 
Securities plc and QNB Capital LLC.

--- Page 25 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, DBS Bank Ltd., HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan 
Securities plc and QNB Capital LLC and any other Dealer(s) appointed 
from time to time by the Issuer and Ooredoo in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time, including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or 
its equivalent in Specified Currency (as defined in the Conditions). See 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions - Selling 
Restrictions - United Kingdom". 
 
Bearer Notes 
 
Notes in bearer form are subject to certain restrictions on transfer. See 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions - Transfer 
Restrictions". 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Non-U.S. Registrar, Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent for the 
Registered Notes (other than 
Restricted Notes): 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
U.S. Registrar, Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent for the Restricted 
Notes: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch. 
Exchange Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes 
of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described in 
"Form of the Notes". 
 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice 
versa. 
 
Notes offered in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons will only be issued in registered form. Notes sold to

--- Page 26 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Institutional Accredited Investors will be represented by definitive Notes 
in certificated form. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions or any restrictions imposed by the depositary from 
time to time, any currency agreed between the Issuer, Ooredoo and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other 
than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in 
the applicable Final Terms subject to compliance with then-current laws 
and regulations and the provisions of the following sentences. Notes will 
have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies), save that in case of any Notes (including Notes denominated 
in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or 
whose issue would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA, the minimum specified denomination shall be £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies), unless otherwise permitted by then 
current law and regulations. 
 
The minimum denomination of each: (i) Note which may be purchased 
by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A will be U.S.$200,000 or its approximate 
equivalent in other Specified Currencies; or (ii) Definitive IAI Registered 
Note will be U.S.$500,000 or its approximate equivalent in other 
Specified Currencies. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer, 
Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid or a partly paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued 
will be determined by the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
 
See Condition 3 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantee). 
Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Ooredoo. 
 
The obligations of Ooredoo under its guarantee in respect of the Notes 
will be direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of Ooredoo and will rank pari 
passu and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of Ooredoo from time to time outstanding. 
 
See Condition 3 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantee). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes in 
bearer form will only be payable outside the United States and its

--- Page 27 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
possessions, subject to Condition 6(e) (Payments - General provisions 
applicable to payments). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis of 
a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in bearer form will only be 
payable outside the United States and its possessions, subject to 
Condition 6(e) (Payments - General provisions applicable to payments). 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Other than in the case of U.S. Dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes 
for which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "SOFR", if the Issuer or the Guarantor determines a Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
select and appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 5. 
If, in the case of a U.S. Dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "SOFR", the Issuer or the Guarantor determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
SOFR for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates in accordance with Condition 5. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption or 
redemption by instalments, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent., of their nominal amount. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be redeemable 
in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See "—Certain 
Restrictions: Notes having a maturity of less than one year". 
Change of Control: 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Noteholder will have the right to require the redemption of its Notes upon 
a Change of Control Event. See Condition 7(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption for Change of Control (Change of Control Put)). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 10 (Events of Default).

--- Page 28 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is 
to be rated, such rating (and the credit rating agency issuing such rating) 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. 
Ratings may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating organisation and each rating should be 
evaluated independently of any other rating. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted 
to the Official List and for such Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer, 
Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchange and/or markets. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Relevant Jurisdiction 
as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), unless otherwise required by 
applicable law. In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, Ooredoo will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay 
additional amounts as would have been paid had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. 
ERISA: 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, by its purchase of 
any Notes each original or subsequent purchaser or transferee of a Note 
will be deemed to have represented and agreed either that: (i) it is not and 
for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest therein) will not be a Plan, 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of any such Plan, or 
a governmental or other employee benefit plan which is subject to any 
U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law, that is substantially similar to 
the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; or 
(ii) its purchase, holding and disposition of a Note will not constitute or 
result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code (or, in the case of such a governmental or other 
employee benefit plan, a violation of any such substantially similar U.S. 
federal, state, local or non-U.S. law) for which an exemption is not 
available. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
 
The corporate services agreement dated 21 May 2009 between the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and Ocorian Services (Bermuda) Limited is governed by 
Bermuda law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
Bermuda, the Dubai International Financial Centre, the Abu Dhabi 
Global Market, the EEA, Japan, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre), Saudi Arabia, the United Arab 
Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre and the 
Abu Dhabi Global Market), the UK, the United States of America and

--- Page 29 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2, Rule 144A and Section 4(a)(2). TEFRA C, 
TEFRA D or TEFRA not applicable as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 30 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Prospective investors should 
consider carefully the risks and uncertainties associated with any investment in the Notes, the Group's 
business and the countries and markets in which it operates, together with all of the information that is 
included in this Base Prospectus, and should form their own view before making an investment decision 
with respect to any Notes. In particular, prospective investors should evaluate the risks and uncertainties 
referred to or described below, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Should one or more of the following events or 
circumstances occur at the same time or separately, the value of the Notes could decline and an investor 
might lose part or all of its investment. Although the risks and uncertainties described below are those 
that the Group currently considers to be material, they are not the only ones the Group faces. Additional 
risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to the Group or that the Group currently deems 
immaterial may also materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects. Prospective investors should carefully consider whether an investment in the 
Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal 
circumstances. 
Risks Relating to the Group 
The sectors in which the Group competes are subject to rapid and significant changes in technology, 
and if the Group does not continue to provide telecommunications or related services that are useful 
and attractive to customers, it may not remain competitive, and its revenues, results of operations and 
prospects may be adversely affected 
The Group operates in the fixed and mobile telephony, fixed and mobile broadband internet, TV, 
datacentres, fintech, and corporate managed services markets, which are characterised by rapid and 
significant changes in technology, customer demand and behaviour, and as a result feature a constantly 
evolving competitive environment. The telecommunications industry is experiencing continuous 
structural changes, including with the advent of new revenue models and new technologies introduced 
by the Group's competitors and new market entrants. These structural changes may exert substantial 
pricing pressure on or substantially reduce the use of certain of the Group's products and services and 
may increase the Group's subscriber acquisition and retention costs and decrease revenues. 
The Group's commercial success depends on providing telecommunications services that offer the 
Group's customers value for their money and a high quality of service. If the Group is unable to anticipate 
customer preferences or industry changes (including the advent of new or alternative technologies), or if 
it is unable to modify its services on a timely basis, it may lose customers. The Group's operating results 
would also suffer if its new products and services are not meeting the needs of its customers, are not 
appropriately timed with market opportunity or are not effectively brought to market. Many of the 
services which the Group offers are technology-intensive, and the development or acceptance of new 
technologies may render such services non-competitive, replace such services or reduce prices for such 
services. In addition, as convergence of services accelerates, the Group has made and will have to 
continue to make additional investments in new technologies to remain competitive. The new 
technologies which the Group chooses may not prove to be commercially successful. For example, 
WiMax based data communication technology proved to be less popular than other data communications 
technologies such as LTE, and as a result, in 2016 the Group disposed of its ownership interest in 
operating subsidiaries focused on WiMax technology. In addition, the Group may not receive, in a timely 
manner or at all, the necessary licences (including approvals and/or licenses required for fintech business 
in different jurisdictions) or spectrum necessary to provide services based on new technologies. For 
example, in view of the increasing importance of data services to the revenue mix of the Group and the 
anticipated importance of 5G technology in the coming years, a failure to obtain any necessary licences 
or the relevant spectrum range as and when such licences or spectrum ranges become available in markets 
such as Iraq (which does not currently operate on 5G networks) could disadvantage the Group relative to 
its competitors. As a consequence of these or other developments, new and established information and 
telecommunications technologies or products offered by the Group may not only fail to complement each 
other, but in some cases may even substitute or decrease demand for each other.  
The Group is also investing in new technologies, such as optical fibre access ("FTTX" as the general 
term for fibre optics broadband networks, including FTTP, FTTH, FTTN, etc.) and 5G, that may have

--- Page 31 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
slower than expected customer acceptance, or may be limited by the lack of supply of products and 
services by third parties to enable the Group's customers to take advantage of such new technology. The 
Group’s investment in fintech carries risks resulting from the need to keep up with the rapid pace of 
technological change, plus the need to continuously update and secure financial systems, required in order 
to prevent cyber threats and comply with regulatory requirements; please see ‘Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Group - As a telecommunications provider the Group faces an increased risk of 
cybersecurity attack’. Additionally, the Group’s investment in its sea cable business poses risks arising 
out of potential technical failures. If the Group is unable to effectively anticipate, react to or access 
technological changes in the telecommunications market, the Group could lose customers, fail to attract 
new customers, experience lower average revenue per user ("ARPU") or incur substantial or 
unanticipated costs and investments in order to maintain its customer base, all of which could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the 
introduction of new products and services may not be successful and/or timely. This could lead to lower 
profitability as well as lower market shares. Customer churn may increase, and revenues and margins 
could be significantly lower than expected if the Group fails to offer customer propositions that respond 
to customer demand. 
As telecommunications technology and infrastructure continues to develop, the Group's competitors may 
be able to offer telecommunications products and services that are, or that are perceived to be, 
substantially similar or better than those offered by the Group. Given the trend of increasing dependence 
on revenue from data in the global telecommunications industry, the Group's success depends on its 
ability to offer data-related products and services that meet the needs of its customers on a competitive 
basis. Failure to effectively compete in this rapidly changing environment could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may face increased competition from new entrants or established telecommunications 
operators in the markets in which it operates 
The Group faces intensifying competition both from relatively new entrants to the telecommunications 
markets in which the Group operates and from existing competitors. For example, in March 2009, the 
Supreme Council of Information and Communication Technology (the "ictQATAR"), which has since 
been replaced by the Communications Regulatory Authority (the "CRA"), ended the Group's monopoly 
in Qatar to provide domestic and international fixed line and mobile telecommunications services 
throughout Qatar on an exclusive basis and Vodafone Qatar Q.P.S.C. ("Vodafone Qatar") was issued 
with licences to offer similar services in Qatar. The market share that Vodafone Qatar gained from the 
Group in the years following its launch negatively impacted upon the Group's revenue and ARPU in 
Qatar in those years. In December 2008, the Saudi Telecom Company ("STC") began commercial 
operations in Kuwait under its brand "Viva" (although it was rebranded from "Viva" to "stc" in December 
2019). In October 2015, the Communications and Media Commission (the "CMC") in Iraq announced 
its intention to introduce a fourth mobile operator in Iraq. More recently, in October 2023, the Iraqi 
Council of Ministers authorised the CMC to grant an exclusive three-year national license to Al-Salam 
State Company, a subsidiary of the Iraqi Ministry of Communications, for the provision of 5G mobile 
technology services ("Fourth Licence"). Pursuant to a Council of Ministers decision, the Iraq Ministry 
of Communications had been directed to establish a mixed limited company with Al-Salam State 
Company, other public authorities (social security and pension fund) and a global mobile operator chosen 
by the Iraq Ministry of Communications ("Joint Venture"). According to the decision, a public authority 
must hold at least 51 per cent. of the Joint Venture's share capital and the Fourth License shall be 
transferred to the Joint Venture, once established, by Al-Salam State Company. Cooperation and work in 
relation to the license is under way between the CMC and the Iraq Ministry of Communications to 
complete the process for granting the license which will be carried out in three phases: (i) issuing the 
license with its various legal and technical details; (ii) negotiating with global operators in 5G 
technologies; and (iii) establishing a national joint stock company to manage the process in partnership 
with the selected global operator. In addition, Vodafone and Oman Future Telecommunications obtained 
a licence to operate as a third full service telecommunications provider in Oman in 2021. Ooredoo Oman 
also faces increasing competition in the market from mobile virtual network operators including Friendi 
mobile, TeO Global (Telecom Oman) and Renna Mobile. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see 
"Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), as at 30 June 2024, the Group 
estimated that it held market share of approximately 56 per cent., 42 per cent., 36 per cent., 25 per cent.

--- Page 32 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
and 35 per cent. in the mobile telecommunications markets in Qatar, Iraq, Kuwait, Algeria and Oman 
respectively, by number of customers. 
As the availability and speed of broadband internet increases, the Group also faces competition from 
over-the-top communications and video content providers ("OTT providers") utilising the Group's or its 
competitors' high-speed internet connections. These OTT providers drive down demand for the Group's 
voice and/or video content services and are not generally subject to regulatory oversight or compliance 
costs. Data revenue has made up the majority of the Group's revenue since 2018. This is particularly the 
case in more developed markets where 4G and 5G have already been commercially launched and 
deployed, such as Qatar, Kuwait, Oman and the Maldives. There is no assurance that the Group can 
compete effectively with these OTT providers or that the Group can successfully monetise the increase 
in data revenue generated by the data traffic connected to these OTT services to offset the corresponding 
reduction in voice and/or video content revenue. In particular, technologies such as voice-over-Internet 
Protocol ("VoIP") (over fixed and mobile technologies), mobile instant messaging, Wi-Fi, Internet 
Protocol TV ("IPTV") or Cloud computing for retail and/or business customers have had and are 
expected to have a continued effect across the entire telecommunications industry and on the Group's 
business. 
In addition, in certain of the Group's markets where the competitive focus continues to shift from 
customer acquisition to customer retention as a result of increased penetration of the mobile 
telecommunications market (such as Kuwait and Qatar), there can be no assurance that the Group will 
not experience decreases in ARPU or increases in customer churn rates, reflecting increased numbers of 
customer deactivations, particularly as competition for existing customers intensifies. An increase in 
churn rates may result in lower revenue and higher costs resulting from the need to replace customers 
and may consequently have a material adverse effect on the Group's profitability. 
Increasing competition has led to a reduction in the rate at which the Group adds new customers and may 
lead to a decrease in the Group's market share as customers purchase telecommunications services, or 
other competing services, from other providers. In certain markets, it has also led to a decline in the prices 
the Group is able to charge for its services and may lead to further price declines in the future. For 
example, the Group has witnessed competition leading to significant price decreases in Kuwait, Algeria 
and Oman in the period between 2017 to 2023 for both voice and data services. 
Competition from recent or new entrants in any of the markets in which the Group operates may further 
increase existing competitive pressures and result in an overall reduction in the Group's tariffs or cause 
the Group to lose customers, fail to attract new customers or incur additional costs to maintain its 
customer base or to maintain revenues from such customer base, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The business of the Group may be affected by adverse economic and political conditions in the 
countries where the Group carries out its activities and globally 
Economic conditions can have a material adverse effect on the quality and growth of the Group's customer 
base and service offerings both in telecommunications and adjacent businesses. An economic downturn 
in the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") and South Asia regions where the Group operates could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. Additionally, emerging markets economies (including those where the Group operates) are 
susceptible to macroeconomic policy decisions by major developed countries, such as the United States. 
For instance, since the Qatar Central Bank's monetary policy framework involves a currency peg with 
the U.S. dollar, local policy rates have mostly followed the direction set by the U.S. Federal Reserve (the 
"Fed"). As a result, there has been significant tightening of monetary conditions in Qatar (as well as Iraq, 
Kuwait and Oman) since early 2022, when the Fed began raising interest rates to combat rising inflation. 
The Group's operations are concentrated in economies that are relatively reliant on crude oil prices. Over 
the past decade, global oil prices have been volatile, with significant fluctuations following sharp declines 
between the second half of 2014 and 2016, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, and amid 
rising global political tensions, such as the ongoing geopolitical conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, 
and Israel versus Hamas and Hezbollah.

--- Page 33 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
In recent years, capital flight from emerging markets and volatile prices in the energy sector have led to 
tighter financial conditions in a number of countries, including some in the MENA region where the 
Group operates. Current global economic conditions, which have had an effect on credit conditions, and 
any decline in oil or gas prices, may cause an economic slowdown or contraction in many countries in 
which the Group operates. Increased inflation rates and higher unemployment levels in some of these 
countries may also decrease consumer purchasing power, reducing demand for the Group's services. 
Additionally, any decrease in the population growth or gross domestic product ("GDP") or the departure 
of large numbers of expatriate workers in these markets may adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of emerging or developed markets may cause 
increased volatility in the financial markets of the countries and regions in which the Group operates, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, ability to make international and 
domestic payments, financial conditions and results of operations as well as causing a slowdown in 
economic growth or triggering economic contraction in those countries and regions. 
The economic, social and financial impacts of a potential wider conflict in the Middle East, a new 
pandemic or other disruptions could further exacerbate or cause any of these risks to materialise and such 
risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. Specific risks arising from doing business in the countries where the Group 
operates include, among others, the impact of macroeconomic conditions, changes to regulatory, fiscal, 
or tax regimes, difficulties in managing operations, and arbitrary or inconsistent government actions. 
The Group's business is subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could materially 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition or results of operations 
The Group has operations across the MENA and South Asia regions, and the revenues received by Group 
companies are typically denominated in the local currency of the countries in which the relevant company 
operates. Since capital expenditure and borrowings are often denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Group has 
been, and expects to continue to be, exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which could materially 
affect the Group's results of operations. In order to reduce its foreign exchange exposure, Group 
companies seek to borrow funds in local currency and have been successful in replacing most U.S. Dollar 
financing with local currency financing at the subsidiary level, although in some countries in which the 
Group operates, such as Iraq and the Maldives, local currency denominated facilities are not easily 
available, or are not available on acceptable terms or volumes, and debt at the Group level remains 
primarily denominated in U.S. Dollars. The Group uses foreign currency hedging contracts if deemed 
appropriate and commercially viable, although foreign currency hedging contracts may only partially 
protect its results of operations, assets and liabilities from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. In 
addition, appropriate currency hedging contracts are either unavailable or restricted in certain 
jurisdictions such as Algeria, Iraq, the Maldives, and Tunisia. 
The Group presents its Consolidated Financial Statements and Interim Financial Information in Qatari 
Riyals, which as at the date of this Base Prospectus is pegged to the U.S. Dollar. Consequently, the Group 
is exposed to risks related to the translation of assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies. This 
exposure may be significant because all of the Group's operations outside Qatar (except for Palestine, 
which is not material to the Group and reports in U.S. Dollars) use their respective local currencies in 
preparing their financial reports. In addition, although the Qatari Riyal was pegged to the U.S. Dollar as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, Qatar may, in the future, choose to remove or alter the peg causing 
the U.S. Dollar denominated value of the Group's assets and liabilities to fluctuate. Similarly, the Omani 
Rial and more recently the Iraqi dinar are also pegged to the U.S. Dollar and there may be a risk that it is 
altered or removed in the future. As a result, the Group is exposed to risks related to the translation of 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and currency fluctuations could have an impact 
on its statement of financial position. Movements in the value of the Qatari Riyal against other currencies 
may accordingly materially adversely affect the Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could also significantly impact the comparability of the Group's operating 
results between financial periods.  
There can be no assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 34 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
Antitrust and competition laws in the countries in which the Group operates may limit its growth and 
subject it to regulatory approvals, including pricing and tariff approval, and antitrust and other 
investigations or legal proceedings 
The antitrust and competition laws and related regulatory policies in many of the countries in which the 
Group operates generally favour increased competition in the telecommunications industry and may 
prohibit the Group from making further acquisitions, ventures or mergers or continuing to engage in 
particular practices to the extent that it holds a significant market share in such countries. In addition, 
violations of such laws and policies could expose the Group to civil lawsuits or criminal prosecution, 
including fines and imprisonment, and to the payment of punitive damages. For example, in October 
2011, the CRA issued a designation of Ooredoo as a dominant service provider in all 14 relevant retail 
and wholesale telecommunications markets in Qatar, following the CRA's Market Definition and 
Dominance Designation Review in 2010 (the "MDDD Review"). The designation as a dominant service 
provider triggers a range of legal obligations, such as the requirement to obtain pricing and tariff approval 
from the CRA and the prohibition of any activities constituting an abuse of dominant position, such as 
predatory pricing, price discrimination, bundling and tying, cross-subsidisation and refusal to supply. 
Although the CRA in 2016 lifted the designation of Ooredoo as a dominant service in the retail mobile 
market following a subsequent MDDD review, it remains a dominant service provider in most of the 
other relevant Qatari telecommunications markets. Additionally, in February 2022 the Oman 
Telecommunications Regulatory Authority designated Ooredoo Oman as a dominant operator in 3 out of 
the 9 defined wholesale telecommunications markets in Oman, whereas the regulator’s determination in 
respect of the 5 defined retail telecommunications markets remains under review at the current time and 
may result in further such designations for Ooredoo Oman. 
The Group cannot predict the effect that any designations, lawsuits, appeals, investigations or other 
actions by regulatory bodies or by any third party in any of the countries in which it operates will have 
on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, any requirements, 
fines or other penalties on the Group, imposed by the relevant antitrust or competition authority or 
telecommunications regulatory authority as a result of any such designation, lawsuit, appeal, 
investigation, or any prohibition on the Group engaging in certain types of business in one or more of the 
regions in which it operates, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Telecommunications businesses require substantial capital investment, and the Group may not have 
sufficient capital to make, or may be restricted by covenants in its financing agreements from making, 
future capital expenditure and other investments as the Group deems necessary or desirable 
The Group operates in capital-intensive industries that require substantial amounts of capital and other 
long-term expenditures, including those relating to the development and acquisition of new networks and 
the expansion or improvement of existing networks. Increasing data consumption and transition to new 
technologies, such as 5G in certain markets, as well as continued customer demand for high-speed fixed 
broadband may require the Group to incur further capital expenditures. In the past, the Group has financed 
these expenditures through a variety of means, including internally generated cash flows, external 
borrowings (including banking and capital markets transactions) and equity capital contributions. In the 
future, the Group expects to utilise a combination of these sources to manage its financial position and 
meet its financing requirements. There can be no assurance that such sources of capital will be available 
to the Group on acceptable terms, if at all. Macroeconomic and fiscal policy decisions in both major 
developed markets and emerging economies where the Group operates, could adversely impact the 
Group's cash position and its ability to fund investment projects and ongoing operations (see "—The 
business of the Group may be affected by adverse economic and political conditions in the countries 
where the Group carries out its activities and globally"). 
The Group's ability to arrange external financing, and the cost of such financing, depends on numerous 
factors, including the Group's future financial condition, credit ratings, general economic and capital 
markets conditions, interest rate levels, credit availability from banks or other lenders, investor 
confidence in the Group, applicable provisions of tax and securities laws and political environment in 
any relevant jurisdiction. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to arrange any such 
external financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

--- Page 35 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
In addition, covenants contained in the Group's current or future financing agreements may restrict the 
Group from undertaking capital expenditure and new acquisitions in amounts and at times that it deems 
necessary or desirable. If the Group undertakes further expansion, then it may be more challenging for 
the Group to comply with these covenants. Furthermore, although the Group's capital expenditures are 
usually incurred up front, the income derived from these expenditures is typically spread over a period 
of time thereafter, which could further strain on these covenants – particularly covenants related to 
profitability and equity. If the Group is unable to generate or obtain funds sufficient to make, or is 
otherwise restricted from making, necessary or desirable capital expenditure and other investments, it 
may be unable to grow its business, which may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
A failure in the continuing operations of the Group's networks, gateways to its networks, information 
systems, information technology and infrastructure or the networks of other operators could adversely 
affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group's operations depend to a significant degree on the uninterrupted functioning of its networks. 
From time to time, customers of certain operating companies within the Group have experienced dropped 
calls or lower data speeds because of network capacity constraints, or other disruptions to the network. 
For example, in November 2020, Ooredoo Qatar experienced a disruption to its core network that resulted 
in data and connectivity problems for some of its customers for several days. Although the issue was 
resolved, Ooredoo Qatar provided a discount and other compensation to affected customers, which had 
an impact on its revenue for the quarter. More recently, on 9 May 2024 Ooredoo Qatar experienced a 
network outage on its fixed network and on 26 July 2024 Ooredoo Qatar experienced a one-hour network 
outage on its mobile network. Similar events have happened in other Group operations. The Group cannot 
be certain that its networks' performance can be improved or maintained at current levels. 
The Group relies to a certain extent on interconnection to the networks of other telecommunications 
operators to carry calls from its customers to the customers of fixed-line operators and other mobile 
operators, both within a given country and internationally. The Group's networks, its information systems, 
information technology and infrastructure and the networks of other operators with which its customers 
interconnect, are vulnerable to damage or interruptions in operation from a variety of sources including 
earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, cyber-security breaches, war, terrorism, equipment failures, 
network software flaws, transmission cable disruptions or similar events. Although each operating 
company of the Group maintains its own disaster recovery systems in order to ensure the recovery and 
continuation of its technology infrastructure following potential disruptive events, the Group does not 
currently maintain a Group-wide global disaster recovery system. Any interruption of the Group's 
operations or of the provision of any services, whether from operational disruptions, natural disasters or 
otherwise, could damage the Group's ability to attract and retain customers, cause significant customer 
dissatisfaction and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Group may face operational and strategic risks arising out of the transition to a “Smart Telco” 
strategy 
The Group faces operational and strategic risks arising out of its transition to a "Smart Telco" strategy. 
This strategy plays a crucial role in the Group’s vision to become a leading provider of advanced 
telecommunications and digital infrastructure with advanced analytical capabilities. In order to secure 
this vision, the Group must ensure that it remains committed to ensuring exceptional customer experience, 
network and infrastructure quality, operating cost efficiency, smart deployment of capital expenditure 
and operational precision. The strategy also may rely on effective partnerships, joint ventures and 
integration with digital service providers and other third parties that are outside the Group's control. The 
Group could face challenges in executing such partnerships, maintaining standards for customer 
experience and network or infrastructure quality, and ensuring robust cybersecurity. Additionally, the 
Group’s increased reliance on joint ventures, in particular, may introduce complexities with regards to 
corporate governance and operational alignment. Any issues faced by the Group in managing these areas 
could ultimately impact the Group’s financial performance, competitive position within the 
telecommunications industry, and overall success in achieving its strategic objectives. 
The establishment of the Group’s data centre business introduces both operational and strategic risks

--- Page 36 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
The Group is in the process of establishing a carrier-neutral data centre platform with operations in Qatar, 
Kuwait, Iraq, Oman, and Tunisia, which introduces both operational and strategic risks. This new 
platform, aimed at serving hyperscale data centres and enterprises, requires substantial investment and 
expansion in order to address the growing demand for localised cloud services and IT workloads. Risks 
faced by the Group include the complexities and potential delays arising from building, operating and 
scaling this new business venture, in addition to the challenge of maintaining competitive infrastructure 
in a rapidly evolving business environment. Additionally, developing strategic partnerships with 
hyperscale providers and adapting to emerging technologies, such as generative artificial intelligence 
("AI"), pose further risks to the Groups. In order to operate a carrier-neutral platform, the Group is 
required to manage relationships with multiple network providers and ensure interoperability between 
these, which is anticipated to be challenging. Effective execution and strategic management are crucial 
for the Group to navigate these risks and secure the data centre platform’s position in the market. Any 
shortcomings in these areas could adversely affect the data centre platform’s performance and, 
consequently, the Group’s overall financial performance and market success. 
As a telecommunications provider the Group faces an increased risk of cybersecurity attack 
As a telecommunications provider with extensive mobile and fixed networks, and now data centres, the 
Group is exposed to a significant risk of cybersecurity attack. The increasing complexity of the Group’s 
infrastructure, plus the growing volume of sensitive data transmitted and stored, both increase the risk of 
potential cyberattacks, data breaches, and other, related, security incidents. Such cybersecurity threats 
could potentially compromise the Group’s network integrity, disrupt service delivery, and result in 
financial and reputational damage. Consequently, effective cybersecurity measures are critical for the 
purpose of defending the Group against unauthorized access to its data and networks, concurrently 
ensuring the security and reliability of the Group’s services. Any failure to adequately address these risks 
could adversely affect the Group's operational stability and reputation. 
The Group’s increasing reliance on AI carries potential risks 
As the Group increasingly integrates AI into its operations and service offerings, it faces several risks 
associated with this growing reliance. Firstly, the deployment of AI technologies involves significant 
investment and technical complexity, and there is no guarantee that these investments will yield the 
desired returns for the Group. The Group must navigate risks related to technology obsolescence, 
integration challenges, and the need for ongoing updates to keep pace with rapid advancements in AI. 
Furthermore, substantial investments in AI require acquiring and retaining specialized human capital with 
the necessary expertise to develop and manage these technologies. Failures in AI implementation could 
affect service quality and operational efficiency, while issues related to data privacy, security, and ethical 
considerations may impact customer trust and regulatory compliance, ultimately impacting the Group’s 
reputation and therefore financial performance. 
Risks relating to the Group's third-party indebtedness 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had QR12,511.8 million (U.S.$3,435.9 million) in outstanding loans and 
borrowings on a consolidated basis (excluding interest payable) and had an additional QR5,226 million 
(U.S.$1,435 million) under its financing agreements available for drawdown. Of these financing 
agreements available for drawdown, QR3,459.4 million (U.S.$950 million) relate to agreements entered 
into by Ooredoo Qatar. As at 30 June 2024, the Group's consolidated loans and borrowings included 
QR459 million (U.S.$126 million) in outstanding loans and borrowings of its subsidiaries, including term 
loan facilities and syndicated loans, of which 1 per cent. were secured by pledges of assets. The Group 
incurred net finance costs of QR180.4 million (U.S.$49.5 million) in the six months ended 30 June 2024. 
The Group's third-party indebtedness includes both fixed and floating interest rates. While the Group may 
convert its floating rate indebtedness into fixed rates using interest rate swaps and/or other hedging 
instruments when deemed appropriate and prudent, it does not convert all of its floating rate indebtedness 
into fixed rates. Consequently, the future interest rates on its remaining floating rate indebtedness remain 
uncertain. A breach of the terms of any indebtedness, including financial covenants, could prompt the 
Group's lenders to demand immediate repayment, which could trigger cross defaults across the Group's 
other financing arrangements and causing a significant financial and cash flow impact to the Group. 
Additionally, if the Group's operating cash flows are insufficient to meet its operating expenses and debt

--- Page 37 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
service obligations or those of its subsidiaries, the Group may be forced to do one or more of the 
following: 
• 
delay or reduce capital expenditure; 
• 
sell certain of its assets; 
• 
forego business opportunities, including acquisitions and joint ventures; or 
• 
repay its debt early due to the acceleration of such debt by the respective lenders. 
In addition, the debt covenants in the Group's financing agreements, which include debt service cover 
ratios and other financial condition tests, could limit the Group's flexibility in planning for, and reacting 
to, competitive pressures and changes in its business, industry and general economic conditions and limit 
its ability to make strategic acquisitions and to take advantage of business opportunities. 
There can be no assurance that the Group's business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations 
or that future borrowings will be available in an amount sufficient to enable the Group to repay or service 
its indebtedness or to fund its liquidity needs. If the Group is unable to meet its debt service obligations, 
it may attempt to restructure or refinance existing debt or seek additional funding. However, the Group 
may not be able to do so on satisfactory terms, if at all. Failure to do so could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Fluctuations in interest rates could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition or results of operations 
The Group is subject to interest rate risks on its loans and borrowings. Interest rates applicable to the 
Group's financing are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including the global 
interest rate and currency exchange rate environment, local and global economic situation, monetary 
policies of the governments and central banks in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates (including 
Iraq). In addition, the floating rate portion of the Group's loans and borrowings is subject to interest rate 
risk resulting from fluctuations in the relevant reference rates underlying such debt, and any increase in 
such reference rates will result in an increase in the Group's interest rate expense and may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results of operations. For example, as at 30 June 
2024, 3 per cent. of the Group's loans and borrowings, mainly comprising borrowings denominated in 
OMR in Oman, carried interest at floating rates. This percentage may increase if the Group makes 
utilizations under the undrawn committed revolving credit facilities. In addition, there is also no assurance 
that at maturity, the Group's fixed rate borrowings will be refinanced at a fixed rate. See "Management's 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosures About Market Risk—Interest Rate Risk". An increase in interest rate levels, or a significant 
increase in the proportion of floating rate debt in the Group's debt portfolio, could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The State of Qatar exerts significant control over Ooredoo and its interests may conflict with those of 
Noteholders and/or of Ooredoo itself 
The State of Qatar (the "State") is Ooredoo's most significant shareholder, holding 53 per cent. of 
Ooredoo's outstanding voting shares through the Qatar Investment Authority (the "QIA") as at 30 June 
2024. Additionally, Ooredoo's Articles of Association grant the QIA the exclusive right to appoint, 
replace, and remove five of the 10 members of Ooredoo's Board of Directors (the "Board"), including 
the Chairman of the Board. In the event of a tied vote, the Chairman has the right to cast the deciding 
vote.  
Furthermore, as at 30 June 2024, a variety of Qatari government related entities, including the General 
Retirement and Social Insurance Authority and the General Military Retirement and Social Insurance 
Authority, owned an additional 15 per cent. of Ooredoo's outstanding voting shares, thereby increasing 
the direct and indirect influence of the State over Ooredoo's operations. The State, by virtue of QIA's 
majority share ownership, is able to exercise control over, amongst other things: 
• 
election of Ooredoo's Directors and, in turn, selection of Ooredoo's management;

--- Page 38 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
• 
Ooredoo's business policies and strategies; 
• 
budget approval, including personnel costs; 
• 
the issuance of debt or equity securities; 
• 
mergers, acquisitions and disposals of Ooredoo's assets or businesses; and 
• 
amendments to Ooredoo's charter documents. 
There can be no assurance that the resolution of any matter that may involve the interests of the State will 
be resolved in what Noteholders would consider to be their best interests. See "Corporate 
Governance⎯Supervisory Governance of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.". 
Ooredoo's financial obligations are not guaranteed by the State 
Although the State is a majority shareholder of Ooredoo (see "—The State of Qatar exerts significant 
control over Ooredoo and its interests may conflict with those of Noteholders and/or of Ooredoo itself"), 
Ooredoo is an independent commercial enterprise and, in the absence of an explicit guarantee from the 
State in respect of any of its borrowings, none of its financial obligations (including its obligations under 
the Notes) or those of its subsidiaries, affiliates or joint ventures are guaranteed by the State. Accordingly, 
Ooredoo's financial obligations, including its obligations under the Notes, are not and should not be 
regarded as obligations of the State. Ooredoo's ability to meet its financial obligations under the Notes is 
solely dependent on Ooredoo's ability to fund such amounts from its profits and cash flows, or from other, 
non-Qatari government, sources of financing. Therefore, any decline in Ooredoo's operations, its profits 
or cash flows, or any difficulty in securing external funding, may have a material adverse effect on 
Ooredoo's ability to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders irrespective of its level of ownership 
by the State. 
A downgrade in the credit ratings of Ooredoo or any of its subsidiaries could limit their ability to 
negotiate new loan facilities or access the debt capital markets and may increase their borrowing costs 
and/or adversely affect their relationship with creditors 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s credit ratings, which are intended to measure its ability to meet its debt obligations 
as they mature, are crucial in determining its cost of borrowing. The interest rates of the Group's 
borrowings partly depend on its credit ratings. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
has a long-term local and foreign currency rating of A (stable) and a short-term local and foreign currency 
rating of A-1 by S&P and long-term local and foreign currency rating of A2 (stable) by Moody's and has 
a long-term local and foreign currency rating of A by Fitch (unsolicited). A downgrade of Ooredoo's 
credit ratings or being placed on a negative rating watch may increase its borrowing costs and materially 
adversely affect its financial results. Furthermore, a downgrade (or the announcement of a negative rating 
watch) may limit its or its subsidiaries' ability to raise capital. A potential downgrade of the credit rating 
of the State of Qatar will also trigger a downgrade of the credit rating of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Additionally, actual or anticipated changes in Ooredoo's credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Notes 
(if applicable) may generally affect the market value of the Notes. 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision 
or withdrawal at any time by the rating organisation. Each rating should be evaluated independently. 
Moreover, ratings assigned to the Notes (if applicable) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the transaction, market, or any other factors discussed in this Base Prospectus that may affect 
the value of the Notes. 
Declines in international crude oil prices and natural gas could materially and adversely affect oil-
revenue dependent economies 
Most of the Group's key markets, including Qatar, Iraq, Algeria, Oman and Kuwait, are economies largely 
dependent on oil and natural gas revenues. International crude oil prices have historically been highly 
volatile, characterised by significant fluctuations driven by the global balance of supply and demand. 
From June 2014 to April 2020, crude oil prices declined dramatically (falling by over 80 per cent. from 
a high monthly average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel of oil of U.S.$107.89 in June 2014, to

--- Page 39 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
a monthly average price of U.S.$17.66 in April 2020 before rising to a monthly average price of 
U.S.$78.41 as of  August 2024. 
Low international prices for hydrocarbon products in the past had a significant adverse effect on the oil 
and natural gas revenue-dependent Gulf Cooperation Council ("GCC") economies. This has resulted in 
reduced fiscal budgets and public spending plans, increased budgetary deficits, and heightened 
competition for funding across the GCC. There is no assurance that the governments of one or more of 
these GCC countries, including Qatar, will not increase direct or indirect taxes or fees payable to the 
government, including Ooredoo's licensing fees, royalty payments, or spectrum prices, to help offset 
budgetary deficits. 
Furthermore, in response to the previous sharp declines in energy prices, certain regional oil and natural 
gas-producing countries that have traditionally pegged their domestic currencies to the U.S. Dollar have 
faced pressure to remove these pegs. While the likelihood of GCC states unwinding the U.S. Dollar peg 
of their domestic currencies remains unclear, there is a risk that any such future de-pegging would pose 
a systemic risk to the regional banking systems due to the inevitable devaluation of these currencies 
against the U.S. Dollar. This devaluation would adversely impact the macroeconomic conditions of these 
jurisdictions. 
As the Group has operations in a number of oil-revenue dependent economies where the local currency 
is directly pegged against the U.S. Dollar or a basket of currencies which includes the U.S. Dollar, any 
such de-pegging or devaluation of local currencies against the U.S. Dollar could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects, as well as its ability 
to repay Notes, particularly those denominated in U.S. Dollars. 
Industrial action or adverse labour relations could disrupt the Group's business operations and have 
an adverse effect on operating results 
Certain of the Group's operations are currently and may in the future be subject to collective bargaining, 
union or similar labour agreements. In addition, the Group's employees benefit from local laws regarding 
employee rights and benefits. For example, the Group's operations in Algeria and Tunisia depend on 
employees who have established a union and signed a collective labour agreement with Ooredoo Algeria 
and Ooredoo Tunisia, respectively. If the Group is unable to negotiate acceptable labour agreements or 
maintain satisfactory employee relations, the results could include work stoppages, strikes or other 
industrial action or labour difficulties (including higher labour costs) at its facilities, which individually 
or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may be, from time to time, involved in disputes and litigation with regulators, competitors 
and other parties that could have a material adverse effect on its business 
The Group is subject to numerous risks relating to legal and regulatory proceedings, to which it or any of 
its subsidiaries are currently a party or which could develop in the future. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Group is involved in a number of legal and regulatory disputes (see "Business Description 
of the Group⎯Litigation"). The Group's involvement in litigation and regulatory proceedings may 
adversely affect its reputation. Furthermore, litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently 
unpredictable and unfavourable outcomes in legal or regulatory proceedings in which the Group is or 
comes to be involved (including settlements thereof) may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks Relating to Countries in which the Group Operates 
The Group operates in locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to its 
network, assets, employees and contractors 
Some of the Group's subsidiaries operate in high-risk locations, such as Iraq, Palestine and Tunisia, where 
the country or location is suffering from political, social or economic instability, war or civil unrest. In 
those locations where the Group has employees, assets or operations, the relevant Group subsidiaries may 
incur substantial costs to maintain the safety of their personnel and to protect their assets and network. 
Despite these precautions, the safety of the Group's personnel and assets in these locations may continue 
to be at risk.

--- Page 40 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
In addition, network maintenance and expansion projects in these areas could be delayed or cancelled 
due to the need for heightened security for employees and contractors operating in these areas and there 
is a risk that an attack in these or other locations by a malicious individual or group on the Group's 
networks could be successful. This could lead to a loss of confidential customer data or availability of 
critical systems. The Group's network is also susceptible to interruption due to a physical attack (which 
may result in part of the network being destroyed) and theft of its network components as the value and 
market for network components increases (for example, copper, batteries, generators and fuel). This could 
result in serious damage to the Group's reputation and consequential customer and revenue loss, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Group is subject to the risks of political, social and economic instability associated with countries 
and regions in which it operates 
Overview 
The Group conducts its business in a number of countries and regions with developing economies, many 
of which do not have firmly established legal and regulatory systems and some of which from time to 
time have experienced economic, social or political instability. For example, the Group operates in 
Algeria, Iraq, Oman and Tunisia, each of which has suffered from regional political instability and general 
social and civil unrest in recent years. 
Exchange and fiscal controls are also in force in Iraq, Algeria and Tunisia which may delay, or make 
impossible in the short term, the expatriation of dividend and intercompany payables (including 
intercompany loan repayments) from the operating companies in those markets to Ooredoo. Some of 
these countries are also in the process of transitioning to a market economy and, as a result, are 
experiencing changes in their economic and government policies that can affect the Group's investments 
in these countries. Governments in these jurisdictions and countries, as well as in more developed 
jurisdictions and countries, may be influenced by political or commercial considerations outside of the 
Group's control, and may act arbitrarily, selectively or unlawfully, including in a manner that benefits the 
Group's competitors. For example, increased financial pressures on governments may lead them to target 
foreign investors for further licence fees (see "—Regulatory uncertainties in Iraq"). 
Specific country risks that may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and 
results of operations include, amongst other things: 
• 
political instability, riots or other forms of civil disturbance or violence; 
• 
war, terrorism, invasion, rebellion or revolution; 
• 
government interventions, including expropriation or nationalisation of assets, increased 
protectionism and the introduction of or increases/decreases in tariffs or subsidies; 
• 
changing fiscal, regulatory and tax regimes; 
• 
arbitrary or inconsistent government action, including capricious application of laws and 
selective tax audits; 
• 
difficulties and delays in obtaining requisite governmental licences, permits or approvals; 
• 
fiscal or exchange control which restrict the transfer of funds onshore or offshore; 
• 
difficulties with conversion of local currency into foreign currency including the unavailability 
of U.S. Dollars in the local economy; 
• 
unstable or underdeveloped banking system, including counterparty risk vis-à-vis local banks 
that may be undercapitalised (Asiacell and its holding companies each have deposits with local 
banks, for example, as do Ooredoo Algeria and Ooredoo Maldives). Furthermore, in an 
underdeveloped banking market, such as Iraq where Asiacell operates, the banking system may 
shut down from time to time or temporarily halt accepting cash deposits from Asiacell's 
collections, thereby increasing cash handling and holding risks for Asiacell;

--- Page 41 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
• 
cancellation, nullification or unenforceability of contractual rights; and 
• 
underdeveloped industrial and economic infrastructure. 
Changes in government policies or shifts in the prevailing political climate in any of the countries in 
which the Group operates, or seeks to operate, could result in the introduction of increased government 
regulations with respect to, among other things: 
• 
price controls; 
• 
export and import controls; 
• 
income and other taxes; 
• 
environmental legislation; 
• 
customs and immigration; 
• 
foreign ownership restrictions; 
• 
coverage and service quality obligation of telecommunication providers that may not be 
supported by the customer or revenue proposition of the market; 
• 
foreign exchange, currency and capital controls; and 
• 
labour and welfare benefit policies. 
Political climate 
The Group is based in Qatar, and in the six months ended 30 June 2024, generated 30 per cent. of its 
revenue from its operations in Qatar (before intragroup eliminations). Historically, Qatar has had good 
relations with other members of the GCC and the wider Middle East and North Africa region in general. 
However, on 5 June 2017, Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the UAE (among other countries) took steps 
to cut trade, transport and diplomatic ties with Qatar. The measures adopted included a sudden and 
unprecedented closure of sea and air routes with Qatar and a closure of the land border between Qatar 
and Saudi Arabia (Qatar's only land border), which created logistical challenges for Qatar. The blockade 
disrupted historical trade routes that Qatar has depended on for the import of key consumer goods, food 
staples and industrial materials. As part of the blockade, Qatari officials and diplomats were also expelled 
from the blockading countries. However, on 5 January 2021, all of the countries involved signed the Al-
Ula Declaration in Saudi Arabia in an agreement to restore full diplomatic relations with each other. 
Although the specific content and details of the Al-Ula Declaration have not been, and are not expected 
to be, published, the measures previously adopted by Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the UAE against 
Qatar have been revoked, and trade, transport and diplomatic ties have fully returned to their pre-blockade 
status. See "Overview of Qatar—Country Profile". 
In addition, the MENA and Asia Pacific regions in which the Group operates have all experienced varying 
degrees of political instability over the past fifty years. Future armed conflicts or political instability in 
those regions could impact the Group's operations. The wider MENA region in particular is subject to a 
number of geopolitical and security risks and ongoing unrest, which has caused significant disruption to 
the economies of the affected countries (affecting tourisms and businesses) and have had a destabilising 
effect on international oil and gas prices. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, civil war is ongoing in Syria, giving rise to a risk of contagion, 
given historic social and political connections between Syria and its neighbours. The Syrian government 
has been subjected to heightened international diplomatic pressure in relation to its conduct during the 
civil war. The situation in Syria is fluid and the potential exists for it to further deteriorate. 
Furthermore, following the overthrow of the former Iraqi regime in 2003, Iraq was, and continues to be, 
subject to serious political and security concerns. Geopolitical instability and a poor security environment 
have historically been among the key risks associated with doing business in Iraq or investing in a 
company that is based or does substantial business in Iraq (see "—The Group operates in locations where

--- Page 42 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
there are high security risks, which could result in harm to its network, assets, employees and 
contractors"). As the security situation in Iraq has generally remained volatile over recent years, 
significant risks remain which could have a material adverse effect on Asiacell's business, results of 
operations and financial condition, as well as on Asiacell's network infrastructure in affected areas, which 
could, in turn, have a material and adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The ongoing war between Israel and Palestine (including the Israeli military campaign in Gaza which 
commenced in October 2023) remains highly volatile and uncertain, therefore presenting a risk to 
geopolitical stability in the Middle East, and in particular, to the operations of Ooredoo Palestine. This 
creates the risk of contagion more broadly across the region.  In addition, in response to the Israeli military 
campaign in Gaza, the Houthi militants in Yemen have been attacking commercial vessels in the Red Sea 
and have threatened to continue such attacks until Israel ends its military campaign in Gaza, with 
consequent impacts on shipping companies and diverting container vessels. In addition, a multinational 
naval coalition was formed to help safeguard commercial traffic in the Red Sea. This could exacerbate 
the inflationary pressures experienced globally due to supply chain disruptions and a resulting rise in 
transportation costs which in turn could cause significant disruptions to regional economies and global 
financial markets. 
As the political, economic and social environments in certain countries in which the Group has made, or 
may consider making, investments remain subject to continuing development, investments in such 
countries are characterised by a significant degree of uncertainty. Any unexpected changes in the 
political, social, economic or other conditions in such countries, or in countries that neighbour such 
countries, could have a material adverse effect on the investments that the Group has made or may make 
in the future, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Regulatory uncertainties in Iraq 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, revenue from Asiacell, the Group's operating company in Iraq, 
accounted for 21 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue. Iraq has 
experienced considerable upheaval in the past few years and is in the process of clarifying the roles and 
developing the capacity of government and regulatory institutions. There is significant uncertainty with 
respect to the legal and regulatory environment in which Asiacell operates, see further "Business 
Description of the Group—Principal Operations—Iraq—Regulation". There is ongoing dispute between 
the Communications and Media Commission in Iraq (the "CMC") and Asiacell on several matters 
relating to payment by Asiacell of the relevant regulatory fee, see further "Description of the Business of 
the Group—Litigation". In particular, there is an ongoing dispute as to whether the level of the Group's 
ownership interest in Asiacell is in contravention of the licence issued to Asiacell by the CMC and in 
addition whether a regulatory fee of 18 per cent. or 15 per cent. of gross revenues applies. 
In August 2007, the Group acquired a 30.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Asiacell, an Iraqi mobile 
telecommunications provider, and subsequently increased its economic interest up to 53.9 per cent. in 
June 2012, and then to 64.1 per cent. in February 2013, following Asiacell's initial public offering. In 
June 2014, the CMC asserted that Asiacell had exceeded the foreign ownership requirement of its licence 
and requested Asiacell to pay the licence fee applicable to foreign companies, at a rate of 18 per cent. of 
its gross revenue (as opposed to the 15 per cent. licence fee rate which applies to domestic companies). 
Asiacell appealed the CMC's decision to the Appeal Board and subsequently to the Iraqi courts on the 
basis that Asiacell should not be considered a foreign company because its majority shareholders are 
Iraqi. The dispute progressed from the court of first instance to the Kurdistan Court of Cassation, which 
finally ruled in favour of Asiacell and concluded that the CMC is not entitled to apply the 18 per cent. 
licence fee rate to Asiacell as it is a domestic company with Iraqis owning more than 84 per cent. of its 
shares, a decision that was confirmed on appeal. If, however, the CMC does not comply with the decision 
of the Kurdistan Court of Cassation, as it has suggested it might not, Asiacell may have to pay the 
additional 3 per cent. in the licence fee rate or Ooredoo may be required to reduce its indirect ownership 
in Asiacell to 55 per cent. in order to meet the technical terms of its licence. Notwithstanding the 
aforementioned Kurdistan Court of Cassation decision in respect of the License Fee Dispute, the CMC 
continues to demand license fee payments from and bring action against Asiacell in this regard. On 9 
January 2023, Asiacell successfully applied for an injunction to cease CMC's continuous demands of

--- Page 43 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
license fee payments ("Injunction"). The CMC submitted an initial appeal against the Injunction with 
the Sulaymaniyah Court of First Instance, followed by another appeal to the Sulaymaniyah Court of 
Appeal, which finally ruled in favour of Asiacell and upheld the Injunction. The CMC issued a separate 
application to the Karkh enforcement department in order to nullify the Injunction and the Sulaymaniyah 
court decisions. The Karkh enforcement department issued its decision in favour of the CMC. 
Accordingly, Asiacell applied to the Kurdistan Court of Cassation in order to resolve the conflicting 
decisions between the courts in Sulaymaniyah and the Karkh enforcement department. On 20 March 
2024, the Kurdistan Court of Cassation upheld the Injunction decision issued by the courts in 
Sulaymaniyah on the grounds that it has jurisdiction to rule in this regard.  
When Asiacell renewed its 2G and 3G licenses and was granted additional 4G rights with the renewed 
license (which was due to expire in Aug 2022), the CMC demanded that Asiacell settle all outstanding 
dues before CMC would renew the license. Asiacell was compelled to deposit the outstanding 3 per cent. 
that CMC claimed to a CMC bank account under protest.   
While the additional 3 per cent. licence fee payment post license renewal has been provisioned in the 
Group's financial statements, if Ooredoo is required to reduce its economic ownership interest in Asiacell 
to 55 per cent. (if CMC were to interpret the license in such a way), this could adversely affect the Group's 
business, results of operations and prospects. 
The security conditions in Iraq in recent years also had an impact on Asiacell's ability to comply with 
certain of its licence obligations related to, for instance, quality of service, lawful interception, technical 
and environmental site approvals (as Asiacell was prevented from freely accessing its network in certain 
regions in Iraq). See further "—The Group operates in locations where there are high security risks, 
which could result in harm to its network, assets, employees and contractors". As the security situation 
has improved, Asiacell has improved its ability to comply with most of its license conditions. Asiacell 
has more recently suffered from spectrum interference which has affected some quality of service in some 
regions of the country. Asiacell is currently in discussion with the CMC on these to ensure that it will not 
be subject to any fines or penalties for such instances of involuntary non-compliance. Whilst Asiacell 
received fines for not meeting the recently issued quality of service annex of the license, positive progress 
is being made with the CMC in this regard to re-evaluate the quality of service metrics and reduce the 
fine accordingly. 
 
Persons investing in Notes may have indirect contact with sanctioned countries as a result of the 
Group's activities in and business with countries on sanctions lists 
Each of the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury ("OFAC"), His 
Majesty's Treasury, the European Union and the United Nations administer regulations that restrict the 
ability to invest in, or otherwise engage in direct or indirect business with, certain countries, governments 
and blocked persons (together "Sanction Targets"). As the Group is not itself a Sanction Target, 
sanctions regulations do not prohibit investment in, or engagement in business with the Group. However, 
to the extent that the Group has invested in, or otherwise engaged in business with, Sanction Targets, 
persons investing in the Group may incur the risk of indirect contact with Sanction Targets. The Group 
has interconnection and/or roaming agreements in place with entities that are Sanction Targets, including 
in Cuba, North Korea, Crimea, Syria, Iran, Venezuela and Sudan. Such interconnection and/or roaming 
agreements are permitted under relevant local regulations applicable to the Group, and the revenue 
received and payments made under those agreements constitute less than 1 per cent. of the revenue of the 
Group in the year ended 31 December 2023. Further, OFAC general licenses in connection with sanctions 
regulations applicable to certain Sanctions Targets authorise U.S. persons to enter into agreements of the 
same type as the interconnection and/or roaming agreements entered into by the Group, and the Group's 
current practice is to segregate any funding from U.S. persons from its operations in Sanction Targets. In 
addition, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has undertaken in the Programme Agreement (as defined 
herein) that it will ensure that proceeds raised in connection with the issue of any Notes under the 
Programme will not directly or indirectly be used for any purpose that would have the aim or effect of 
financing or supporting the activities of Sanction Targets that are the subject of any sanctions regulations 
administered by any governmental entity including OFAC, His Majesty's Treasury, the European Union 
and the United Nations ("Economic Sanctions"). Further, the Group has represented in the Programme

--- Page 44 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Agreement that it will not engage in any dealings or transactions or any activities, directly or indirectly, 
with any government, individual or entity located in a country, or with any other person or entity, that is 
the subject of any Economic Sanctions, in each case where any such dealings or transactions or activities 
are prohibited by any Economic Sanctions. 
The Group may pursue investment opportunities in countries in which it has no previous investment 
experience or in jurisdictions that are subject to greater social, economic and political risks than 
developed countries 
The Group may not be able to adequately assess the risks of investing in new jurisdictions irrespective of 
advice from its advisers. Investments made by the Group in emerging markets may involve a greater 
degree of risk than investments in developed countries. For example, emerging market investments may 
carry the risk of more volatile capital markets, less favourable and less sophisticated fiscal and 
commercial regulation (including a less developed or less enforce anti-trust regulatory regime to prevent 
or restrict the abuse of a dominant market position by an incumbent competitor), less well-developed and 
independent court systems, a greater likelihood of severe inflation, unstable currency, exchange controls, 
restrictions or delays on repatriation of profits and capital, corruption, political, social and economic 
instability (including warfare and civil unrest) and government actions or interventions, including tariffs, 
royalties, protectionism, subsidies, expropriation of assets and cancellation of contractual rights, than 
investments in companies based in developed countries. An occurrence of any of the foregoing risks or 
failure by the Group to correctly identify the risks associated with an investment could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore affect the ability 
of the Issuer and Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to perform their respective obligations in respect of any Notes. 
Risks Relating to the Telecommunications Industry  
The Group could suffer loss of consumer confidence and/or legal action due to a failure to protect its 
customer information or a failure in its information and technology systems 
Mobile networks carry and store large volumes of confidential personal and business voice traffic and 
data. The Group hosts increasing quantities and types of customer data in all principal markets in which 
it operates, including for example home addresses, credit card and bank details. Data protection 
regulations have received increased public focus in recent years, and have been or are expected to be 
introduced in most of the markets in which the Group operates. The Group needs to ensure its service 
environments are sufficiently secure to protect it from loss or corruption of customer information. The 
Group's network and information systems may be affected by cyber-security incidents that can result 
from deliberate attacks or system failures. Failure to adequately protect customer information could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation or result in a loss of customers and may also lead to 
legal or regulatory action against the Group, which could have an adverse impact on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, the Group's information and technology systems are designed to enable the Group to use its 
infrastructure resources as effectively as possible and to monitor and control all aspects of its operations. 
Any failure or breakdown in these systems or any system failures resulting from computer viruses or 
hacker attacks could interrupt the normal business operations, result in a significant slowdown in 
operational and management efficiency for the duration of such failure or breakdown, affect the quality 
of its services and cause service interruptions. Any prolonged failure or breakdown could dramatically 
impact the Group's ability to offer services to its customers, which could result in reduced user traffic and 
reduced revenues and have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and results of operations. 
For example, the Group depends on certain technologically sophisticated management information 
systems and other systems, such as its customer billing system, to enable it to conduct its operations. Any 
significant delays or interruptions in providing services could negatively impact the Group's reputation 
as an efficient and reliable telecommunications provider, which could have an adverse impact on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Because the Group operates in heavily regulated business environments, regulatory decisions and 
changes in the regulatory environment could materially adversely affect its business 
The Group has operations in a large number of jurisdictions and must therefore comply with an extensive 
range of laws and regulations pertaining to the licensing, construction and operation of 
telecommunications networks and services, as implemented by relevant agencies or other regulatory

--- Page 45 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
bodies. Among the most significant of these laws and regulations are those governing the allocation of 
frequency spectrum and regulatory agencies that monitor and enforce regulation and competition laws 
which apply to the telecommunications industry. Decisions by regulators regarding the granting, 
amendment or renewal of licences, or the granting of spectrum at reasonable fees, to the Group or to third 
parties, could materially and adversely affect the Group's future operations in these geographic areas. 
Regulators may also increase regulatory fees payable by the Group under the terms of its licences, or 
through the imposition of other fees such as universal service fees, rights of way fees, or charges for the 
use of government land and other assets. For example, this has occurred in Qatar in 2020 where the 
license fee was increased from 1 per cent. to 1.5 per cent., and in Oman in 2022 where the royalty fee on 
fixed licensed services was increased from 7 per cent. to 10 per cent. The Group may also become subject 
to regulatory obligations to wholesale some of its network, which would diminish its competitive 
advantage and reduce its ability to monetise those assets, or become subject to coverage obligations that 
may not be economically advantageous. 
The Group may also not be able to realise expected revenues from capital expenditures invested in certain 
infrastructure projects if governments or their regulatory authorities require the Group to share or sell any 
rights to the assets once complete, see, for example, the establishment of the Qatar National Broadband 
Network in Qatar as further described in "Business Description of the Group—Principal Operations—
Qatar—Regulation". In some countries where the Group operates, the Group may be required to rely on 
state-owned telecommunications infrastructure, such as in Kuwait where fixed network infrastructure is 
deployed by the government. In addition, regulators may require changes to the rights contained within 
the Group's licences, such as in Iraq where the Group was denied rights to deploy its own fibre and instead 
required to use the state-owned company's fibre. 
Furthermore, the Group cannot provide any assurance that governments or their regulatory bodies in the 
countries in which it operates will not issue telecommunications licences to new operators whose services 
will compete with it. See also "—The Group may face increased competition from new entrants or 
established telecommunications operators in the markets in which it operates". 
In addition, other changes in the regulatory environment concerning the use of mobile phones may lead 
to a reduction in the usage of mobile phones or otherwise adversely affect the Group. Also, decisions by 
regulators and new legislation, such as the transfer from regulatory authorities of certain regulatory 
functions, including responsibility for price regulation, to an independent governmental authority 
sometime in the future, could affect the pricing of, or adversely affect the revenue from, the services the 
Group offers. If price regulation is introduced in any country in which the Group operates, such regulation 
may result in a reduction in, or a cap on the growth of its domestic and international tariffs and the fees 
and charges for other products and services provided by it. See "Business Description of the Group—
Telecommunications Operations⎯Regulation". 
If any of these risks materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group faces a risk of increased customer churn as a result of mobile number portability 
A significant focus of the Group's business is reducing customer churn rates, which refers to mobile 
customer disconnections. Customer disconnections can occur on a voluntary basis, when customers 
switch to competing telecommunications operators which can be caused by a number of factors, such as 
pricing, the availability of data and value-added service offerings and quality of service. Customer 
disconnections also occur when a customer decides that it no longer requires, or cannot afford, mobile 
telecommunications services, or through termination by the Group following non-payment by the 
relevant customer. An increase in churn rates may result in lower revenue and higher costs resulting from 
the need to replace customers and may consequently have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
profitability. 
Prior to 2013, the Group was protected to some extent from customer churn by the fact that mobile 
telephone numbers in Qatar, Kuwait, Tunisia and Iraq were not transferable between service providers. 
A customer switching from one service provider to another would therefore have had to change his or 
her mobile telephone number. The inconvenience associated with this acts as a disincentive to customers 
considering switching service providers and thus mitigates churn. However, in January 2013, the CRA

--- Page 46 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
introduced mobile number portability services in Qatar and in June 2013, the Communication and 
Information Technology Regulatory Authority in Kuwait ("CITRA") introduced regulations governing 
mobile number portability services in Kuwait, in each case in order to provide greater consumer choice 
and promote competition. Number portability services are also available in Oman, Palestine, Tunisia and 
Maldives. In addition, the CMC is actively requiring mobile telecommunications operators in Iraq to 
adopt mobile number portability. In August 2015, the CMC published a public consultation on the 
introduction of mobile number portability in Iraq. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the consultation 
has not yet specified a firm timeline in relation to, nor has the CMC issued any final regulations on, the 
implementation of mobile number portability in Iraq. Mobile number portability represents a risk to the 
Group in that it removes a key disincentive to customers switching service providers and may increase 
churn. Although it has not experienced a significant impact following prior mobile number portability 
availability to date, such portability could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Disruptions between the Group and its equipment and service providers may negatively impact the 
Group's telecommunications operations 
The Group's ability to maintain and grow its subscriber base depends in part on its ability to source 
adequate supplies of network equipment and on its ability to source adequate supplies of mobile handsets, 
software and content on a timely basis. Continued cooperation with its equipment and service providers 
is essential for the Group to maintain its operations. Once a manufacturer of telecommunications 
equipment has designed and installed its equipment within a system, the operator of the system will often 
be reliant on such manufacturer for continued service and supply.  
Certain of the Group's suppliers, such as ZTE and Huawei, have been found in violation of US trade 
sanctions and consequently faced significant fines and the imposition of sanctions against them by the 
United States. The Group does not have operational or financial control over ZTE, Huawei or other key 
suppliers and has limited influence with respect to the manner in which its suppliers conduct their 
businesses. The Group's subsidiaries' and associates' reliance on these suppliers subjects them and the 
Group to risks resulting from any delays in the delivery of services and these suppliers' limitations in 
accessing US technology, software and hardware. The Group cannot be certain that its suppliers will 
continue to provide equipment and services to its subsidiaries and associates at attractive prices or that 
the Group will be able to obtain such equipment and services in the future from these or other providers 
on the scale and within the time frames required, if at all. For example, the Huawei sanctions caused 
supply chain pressure that resulted in delays in providing equipment to certain Group companies and 
required the Group in some cases to seek alternative suppliers. To the extent that the Group is required 
to replace the equipment of one supplier (due to any inability or unwillingness to supply) with equipment 
from another supplier, this may lead to an increase in costs to the Group. The inability or unwillingness 
of key suppliers to provide the Group's operations with adequate equipment and supplies on a timely 
basis and at attractive prices could materially and adversely impact these operations' ability to retain and 
attract subscribers or offer attractive product offerings, either of which could materially and negatively 
impact the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Group's telecommunications licences, permits and frequency allocations are subject to finite 
terms, ongoing review and/or periodic renewal, each of which may result in modification or early 
termination. In addition, the Group's ability to obtain new licences and permits could adversely affect 
its business 
The Group is dependent on the licences that each operating company holds to provide their 
telecommunications services. The Group's licences, permits and frequency allocations are subject to finite 
terms, ongoing review and/or periodic renewal and, in some cases, are subject to modification or early 
termination or may require renewal with the applicable government authorities. The licence renewal 
process can also be complicated by unforeseen circumstances. See "Business Description of the Group—
Telecommunications Operations—Licences". For example, in the process of renewing the Group's mobile 
telecommunications licence in Iraq in 2020, the Iraqi authorities approved the terms for renewing the 
licence, but the process was temporarily stalled by a civil case filed against the mobile 
telecommunications regulator and operators in Iraq, although a renewal extension was ultimately granted 
on 14 February 2021. See "Business Description of the Group—Principal Operations—Iraq—
Regulation". Another example are the decisions made by CITRA in Kuwait in September 2024, pursuant 
to which operators, inter alia, were a) allocated frequency channels in the 2300MHz and 2600MHz bands

--- Page 47 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
using Time Division Duplex ("TDD") technology; b) required to cease operating 3G networks no later 
than 1 June 2025; c) required to cease using Frequency Division Duplex technology in the 2600 MHz 
band and switch to the use of TDD technology in both the 2300 MHz and 2600 MHz bands by March 
2025; and d) required to ensure coverage at 500 5G sites using these technologies by September 2025. 
While the Group does not expect any of its subsidiaries or associated companies to be required to cease 
operations at the end of the term of their current business arrangements or licences, there can be no 
assurance that these business arrangements or licences will be renewed on equivalent satisfactory terms, 
or at all. Upon termination, the licences and assets of these companies may revert to the local governments 
or local telecommunications operators, in some cases without any or adequate compensation being paid. 
The Group has in the past paid significant amounts for certain of its mobile telecommunications licences 
and the competition to obtain these licences is increasing. For this reason, the Group has in the past and 
anticipates that it will in the future have to pay increasingly substantial licence fees in certain markets, as 
well as meet specified network build out requirements. See "Because the Group operates in heavily 
regulated business environments, regulatory decisions and changes in the regulatory environment could 
materially adversely affect its business" above. There can be no assurance that the Group will be 
successful in obtaining or funding these licences, or, if licences are awarded, that they can be obtained 
on terms acceptable to the Group. If the Group obtains or renews further licences, it may need to seek 
future funding through additional borrowings or equity offerings and there can be no assurance that such 
funding will be obtained on satisfactory terms, or at all. The Group's ability to maintain necessary 
licenses, the costs, terms and other requirements related to such licenses, and the failure to obtain 
financing on satisfactory terms or at all to finance license acquisitions or requirements may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer has no independent business operations and is not expected to have any income except for 
receipt of payments from the Guarantor 
The Issuer is an exempted company incorporated under the Companies Act in Bermuda on 8 May 2009 
as an exempted company limited by shares. The Issuer is not likely to engage in any business activity 
other than the issuance of Notes under this Programme and its principal purpose is to provide funding, 
through the international capital markets, to the Group. Accordingly, the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes is entirely dependent on the Group's performance and receipt of payment on 
a timely basis from the Guarantor. The Issuer is therefore subject to all the risks which the Guarantor and 
the Group are subject to, including without limitation, any delay in the expatriation of dividend or 
intragroup receivables to the Guarantor as a result of fiscal or exchange control restrictions in the relevant 
jurisdiction, and such risks could limit the Guarantor's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its 
obligations under the Guarantee. See "—Risks Relating to the Group" for a further description of certain 
of these risks. See also "—Risks Relating to Enforcement—It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce 
arbitration awards and foreign judgments against the Issuer" for potential additional risks related to the 
Issuer. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
of such features. 
The Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer, which may result in lower yields for holders of the 
Notes and create reinvestment risks for holders of the Notes 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the Notes' market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In particular, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (as described in Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer call))). 
Such right of redemption is often provided for securities in periods of high interest rates. If the market 
interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption

--- Page 48 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
increases. The redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes shall be the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. As a consequence of early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. Part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose 
to reinvest money they receive through an early redemption may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date for tax reasons, which may create 
reinvestment risks for holders of the Notes 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as provided or referred 
to in Condition 8 (Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment 
by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each 
case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the 
outstanding Notes of such Tranche in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons) of the Notes. 
In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position of such investor. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the Early Redemption Amount. Potential investors should consider re-
investment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Partly-paid Notes are subject to additional risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay 
any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are subject to increased volatility 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"). The market values of these Notes are typically 
more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same 
reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile 
because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also 
reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these 
Notes. 
The Issuer may have a right to convert Notes from a fixed to a floating rate of interest, which may 
affect the market value of such Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other notes. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing 
rates on its Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Any Fixed Rate Notes the Issuer may issue will be subject to interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Partly Paid Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay 
any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of his or her investment.  
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the market value of Notes linked to 
or referencing such "benchmarks"  
EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks 
are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Among other things, each of the 
Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation: (i) requires benchmark administrators to 
be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or UK-based, as applicable, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed); and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU or UK, as applicable, 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
or UK- based, as applicable, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, and such changes could 
(among other things) have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
"benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a 
"risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a 
variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group 
on euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate 
for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has 
subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
The elimination of benchmarks, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could 
require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further 
described in Condition 5(f) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser) and Condition 5(g) 
(Benchmark Replacement – SOFR) or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to 
such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to benchmarks that are 
subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the

--- Page 50 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading 
market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark.  
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), 
as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date 
for the relevant Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could 
be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a 
relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may 
not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any such Notes. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and 
make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or UK 
Benchmarks Regulation reforms or arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and 
€STR, as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar, sterling or euro bonds, as applicable, and 
their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, including term 
SOFR, SONIA and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an 
average SOFR, SONIA or €STR over a designated term). The continued development of risk free 
reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as the continued development of SOFR, SONIA and 
€STR based rates and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes.  
The substance of the calculation of, and the adoption of market infrastructure for the issuing and trading 
of Eurobonds referencing, SOFR, SONIA and €STR continues to develop. In particular, investors should 
be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in notes referencing SOFR issued 
to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free 
rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The development of risk free rates for the Eurobond markets could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a risk free rate issued under the Programme from time to time. In addition, the manner of 
adoption or application of risk free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with 
the application and adoption of risk free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which

--- Page 51 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such 
risk free rates.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Risk free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) by, in most cases, being backwards looking, calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis and risk free overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed 
on the basis of a forward looking term and include a risk element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that interbank offered rates and any risk free rates may behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for the Notes.  
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards looking risk free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to or on the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such Notes and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
referencing interbank offered rates, if the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of 
Default), the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable 
and shall not be reset thereafter. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes.  
The use of risk free rates as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such risk free rates.  
Notes referencing risk free rates may have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing 
such risk free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve 
over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of subsequently issued indexed debt 
securities as a result. Further, if the relevant risk free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities 
like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk free rates may be lower than those of 
Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Floating Rate Notes. 
The administrator of SOFR, SONIA or €STR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR or discontinue SOFR, SONIA or €STR 
The Federal Reserve, Bank of New York, the Bank of England, or the European Central Bank (or their 
respective successors), as administrators of SOFR, SONIA and €STR, respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, SONIA or €STR and/or a related 
index, including changes related to the method by which each of SOFR, SONIA or €STR is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, SONIA or €STR, or timing 
related to the publication of SOFR, SONIA or €STR and/or a related index. In addition, the administrator 
may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR, SONIA or €STR (in which case 
a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SOFR, SONIA or €STR and/or a related index. Any of the foregoing could have a material

--- Page 52 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes which reference SOFR, SONIA or 
€STR. 
Notes which reference or are linked to benchmarks 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to fluctuations 
in a specified interest rate benchmark. Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, 
such as EURIBOR, which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the 
value of such financial instruments ("Benchmarks"), have, in recent years, been the subject of political 
and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform 
and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may 
cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change 
in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or 
replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant 
Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Agency Agreement provides for the Rate of Interest 
to be determined by the Principal Paying Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates 
for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original 
Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the 
availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference 
Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Benchmark Events 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference 
Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate.  
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by 
the Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest and the 
application of any Adjustment Spread may result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest

--- Page 53 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will 
continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding 
Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to 
or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a 
risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This risks the Floating Rate Notes in effect 
becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may be subject to increased 
volatility 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Claims in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee will be structurally subordinated to claims of 
creditors of Ooredoo's subsidiaries 
In the event of a winding-up or insolvency of one of the subsidiaries of Ooredoo, claims of secured and 
unsecured creditors of such subsidiary, including trade creditors, banks and other lenders, will have 
priority with respect to the assets and revenues of such subsidiary over any claims that the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (to the extent that they are not secured or unsecured creditors), as applicable, or the creditors 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, may have with respect to such assets and revenues. 
Generally, all of the obligations of a subsidiary of Ooredoo would have to be satisfied before any of the 
assets or revenues of such subsidiary would be available, upon a liquidation or otherwise, to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (to the extent that they are not secured or unsecured creditors), as applicable, or the 
creditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable. Claims under the Notes and the Guarantee will 
therefore be structurally subordinated to the indebtedness of Ooredoo's subsidiaries, the amount of which 
is not subject to contractual limitations under the terms of the Notes. 
The Notes are subject to modification by a majority of Noteholders without the consent of all 
Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 54 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
The Conditions also provide that the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer (following consultation with 
the Guarantor) may agree, without the consent of Noteholders, to (a) any modification of the provisions 
of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of law; (b) any other modification which, in the opinion of the Issuer 
(acting on the advice of an independent financial institution) is not prejudicial to the interests of 
Noteholders, except certain matters in respect of which an increased quorum is required by the 
Conditions; and (c) any Benchmark Amendments (as defined in the Conditions) required by the 
Independent Adviser pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser). 
Certain bearer notes, the denomination of which involves integral multiples, may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum specified 
denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum specified 
denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount 
of less than the minimum specified denomination would need to purchase an additional amount of Notes 
such that it holds an amount equal to at least the minimum specified denomination to be able to trade 
such Notes. Noteholders should be aware that Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral 
multiple of the minimum specified denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. If a Noteholder 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum specified denomination in its account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time, such Noteholder may not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect 
of such holding (should the definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to at least a specified denomination in order to be eligible 
to receive a definitive Bearer Note. 
Investors in the Notes must rely on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may 
be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited 
with a nominee for The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"). Except in the circumstances described in 
each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented 
by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant 
clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in 
a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants in relation 
to payments under the Notes. The Issuer and Ooredoo have no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
The Group cannot give any assurance that an active, stable or liquid market for the Notes will develop 
or be maintained 
Notes issued under the Programme may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. If a market does develop it may not be very liquid. The liquidity of any market for the 
Notes that may develop depends on a number of factors, including, amongst other things: 
• 
the method of calculating the principal and interest in respect of the Notes; 
• 
the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes;

--- Page 55 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
• 
the outstanding amount of the Notes; 
• 
the redemption features of the Notes; and 
• 
the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally. 
Although application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, there can be no assurance that such 
application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active 
trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. In addition, the ability of the Dealers 
to make a market in the Notes may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the 
marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at 
a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor as the 
case may be. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks that may affect the value of the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed in 
this Base Prospectus and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. There is no assurance that 
the ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that the ratings will not be lowered or 
withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
European Union credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a European 
Union-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-European Union rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, 
has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency being included in such 
list as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and publication of an updated ESMA list. Limited information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by its assigning rating 
agency at any time. 
Investors in the Notes may be subject to risks relating to fluctuations in currency exchange rates in 
respect of the Notes they hold 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the relevant Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that government and 
monetary authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls, which could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. The Issuer and Ooredoo have no 
control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events 
and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. In recent years, exchange rates between certain 
currencies have been highly volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may 
be expected in the future. However, fluctuations between currencies in the past are not necessarily 
indicative of fluctuations that may occur in the future. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield

--- Page 56 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
on the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified foreign 
currency at the time of any payment of principal or interest on a Note. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Even if there are no actual exchange 
controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Note not denominated in U.S. Dollars 
would not be available at such Note's maturity. 
Risks Relating to Enforcement 
It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce arbitration awards and foreign judgments against the 
Issuer 
The Issuer has agreed that the Notes will be governed by English law, and that any dispute arising from 
the Notes shall be referred to and resolved by arbitration in London under the Arbitration Rules of the 
London Court of International Arbitration, with a Noteholder having the right to require that the courts 
of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from the Notes. A final and conclusive 
judgment of a foreign court against the Issuer may be enforceable in Bermuda if the foreign court is 
situated in a country to which The Judgments (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1958 (the "1958 Act") 
applies. The procedure provided for in the 1958 Act must be followed if the 1958 Act applies. The 1958 
Act applies to the UK. Under the 1958 Act, a judgment obtained in the superior courts of a territory to 
which it applies would be enforced by the Supreme Court of Bermuda without re-examination of the 
merits of the case, provided that: 
• 
the judgment is final and conclusive, notwithstanding that an appeal may be pending against it 
or it may still be subject to an appeal in such country; 
• 
the judgment has not been given on appeal from a court which is not a superior court; and 
• 
the judgment is duly registered in the Supreme Court of Bermuda in circumstances in which its 
registration is not liable thereafter to be set aside. 
Under Section 3(4) of the 1958 Act, the registration of such a court's judgment in the Supreme Court of 
Bermuda involves the conversion of the judgment debt into Bermuda Dollars as of the date of the foreign 
court's judgment, but the Bermuda Monetary Authority would be required to give any consents necessary 
to enable recovery of any Bermuda dollar award made by the Supreme Court of Bermuda in the currency 
of the obligation. 
No stamp duty or similar or other tax or duty is payable in Bermuda on the enforcement of a foreign 
judgment. Court fees will be payable in connection with proceedings for enforcement. 
The submission by the Issuer to arbitration pursuant to the terms of the Notes is not contrary to Bermuda 
law and would be recognised by the courts of Bermuda as a legal, valid and binding submission, if such 
submission is legal, valid and binding under the laws of England. 
An arbitration award made in a country which is a signatory to the Convention on the Recognition and 
Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards adopted by the United Nations Conference on International 
Commercial Arbitration on 10 June 1958 (the "New York Convention") may be enforceable in Bermuda. 
It may be possible to enforce the award pursuant to Part IV of the Bermuda International Conciliation 
and Arbitration Act 1993 (the "1993 Arbitration Act"). Pursuant to Section 40 of the 1993 Arbitration 
Act, a New York Convention award (defined in that Act as an award made pursuant to an arbitration in 
a state or territory other than Bermuda which is a party to the New York Convention) is enforceable in 
Bermuda either by action or by leave of the court, in the same manner as a judgment of the Supreme 
Court or the Court of Appeal of Bermuda. 
A New York Convention award must be enforced except in the following instances: enforcement of a 
New York Convention award may be refused if it is in respect of a matter which is not capable of 
settlement by arbitration, or if enforcement would be contrary to public policy, as that term is understood

--- Page 57 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
in Bermuda. Moreover, enforcement of a New York Convention award may be refused if the person 
against whom it is invoked proves: 
• 
the incapacity of one of the parties to the arbitration agreement; 
• 
that the arbitration agreement was not valid under the laws to which the parties subjected it or of 
the country where the award was made; 
• 
that the person against whom it is invoked was not given proper notice of the appointment of the 
arbitrator or of the arbitration proceedings or was otherwise unable to present his or its case; 
• 
(unless the award is severable) the award deals with a difference not contemplated by or falling 
within the terms of the submission to arbitration or contains decisions on matters beyond the 
scope of the submission to arbitration; 
• 
the composition of the arbitral authority was not in accordance with the parties' agreement or, 
failing such agreement with the law of the country where the arbitration took place; or 
• 
the award has not yet become binding on the parties or has been set aside or suspended by a 
competent authority of the country in which, or under the law of which, it was made. 
Pursuant to Section 44 of the 1993 Arbitration Act, a certificate under the hand of the Deputy Governor 
of Bermuda to the effect that Her Majesty has by Order in Council declared that any State specified in 
the certificate is a party to the New York Convention, is conclusive evidence that that State is a party to 
the New York Convention on the date of the certificate. The UK is a signatory to the New York 
Convention. 
Arbitration may involve the payment of the costs of the arbitration and fees by each of the parties to the 
arbitral proceedings. 
It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce arbitration awards and foreign judgments against 
Ooredoo 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the parties have agreed that any dispute arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with 
the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration, with a Noteholder having the right 
to require that the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle the Noteholder's dispute. A 
contractual term granting a unilateral right to litigate as an alternative to arbitration, as on the part of a 
Noteholder, has not been specifically raised before the Qatari courts.  
In the event that proceedings are brought against Ooredoo in Qatar, and the Qatari Courts accepted 
jurisdiction, notwithstanding the agreement to arbitrate, the Qatari courts would, in accordance with their 
normal practice, enforce the contractual terms of the Notes (including the contractual choice of a 
governing law other than Qatari law to govern the Notes), provided that, this would not apply to any 
contractual term which Qatari courts held to be contrary to any mandatory provision of Qatari law or to 
public order or morality in Qatar. Qatari courts have consistently enforced commercial interest 
obligations computed in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreement in agreements governed by 
a foreign law. It is, however, uncertain whether the Qatari courts would enforce the payment of interest 
on interest, or the payment of accrued interest which exceeds the amount of the principal sum. 
There is currently no treaty or convention for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments between Qatar on 
the one hand and England on the other. The Qatar Civil and Commercial Code sets out the conditions 
that apply to the recognition and enforcement in Qatar of foreign court judgments and, accordingly, a 
foreign court judgment can in theory be enforced in Qatar. In practice, however, two of the conditions 
can constitute material impediments to the successful enforcement of a foreign court judgment. The first 
requirement is reciprocity with the courts of the foreign jurisdiction. Article 379 of the Qatar Civil and 
Commercial Code states: "Judgments and orders pronounced in a foreign country may be enforced in 
Qatar on the same conditions determined in that foreign country for the enforcement of Qatari judgments 
and orders therein." A Qatari court would be entitled to call for evidence on the laws of England 
concerning the conditions that would be applicable for the execution of the judgment of a Qatari court in

--- Page 58 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
England and the Qatari court would then be entitled to execute the judgment of the English court upon 
those same conditions. The second requirement is finality. Article 380.3 of the Qatar Civil and 
Commercial Code requires that the judgment is final and has the effect of res judicata under the relevant 
applicable rules which can be a challenge to demonstrate. It would be necessary to initiate proceedings 
in Qatar to enforce an English Court judgment and the judgment-debtor would be entitled to one, and 
possibly two levels of appeal. The Judicial Enforcement Law has now been published and is expected to 
enter into force in December 2024. The Judicial Enforcement Law will replace the foregoing provisions 
of the Qatar Civil and Commercial Code. However, the Judicial Enforcement Law does not change the 
current position in respect of enforcement as it exists under the Qatar Civil and Commercial Code. 
Qatari courts routinely uphold the choice of arbitration as a dispute resolution method, although the 
analysis is less certain in the current circumstances because of the Noteholder's right to refer a dispute to 
the courts of England. However, this would be subject to the same qualifications as are stated above with 
regard to mandatory provisions of Qatari law and the jurisdiction of the Qatari courts. 
Qatar is a party to the New York Convention, with effect from 30 March 2003 and does recognise arbitral 
awards and enforce them pursuant to the New York Convention and the procedures set forth in Law No. 
2 of 2017 (the "Arbitration Law"). The UK is also a party to the New York Convention and therefore 
an arbitration award made in England should be enforceable in Qatar in accordance with the terms of the 
New York Convention. 
Risks Related to Taxation  
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and consult their tax 
advisors about their own tax situation. See "Taxation" below. 
Bermuda taxation and exchange of information with the United States, the UK and Australia 
On 27 December 2023, the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 ("CITA") was given royal assent, with 
certain sections of CITA being operative on 1 January 2024 and the large majority due to become 
operative on 1 January 2025. CITA implements a new corporate tax regime within the scope of the Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting project of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, 
under which participating jurisdictions agree to initiate a global minimum tax on excess profits of 
multinational enterprises.  
Under the CITA, Bermuda corporate income tax ("CIT") will be chargeable in respect of fiscal years 
beginning on 1 January 2025 and will apply to the net taxable income of Bermuda entities which are a 
part of a corporate group (an "MNE Group") which have one or more Bermuda tax resident entities of 
Bermuda permanent establishments (collectively a "Bermuda Constituent Entity Group") where any 
such MNE Group has an annual revenue of at least EUR750 million per its consolidated (on a line-by-
line basis) financial statements of the ultimate parent entity for at least two of the four preceding fiscal 
years. Where corporate income tax is chargeable to a Bermuda Constituent Entity Group, the amount of 
corporate income tax chargeable for a fiscal year shall be (1) 15 per cent. of the net taxable income of the 
Bermuda Constituent Entity Group less (2) any tax credits applicable to such Bermuda Constituent Entity 
Group under Part 4 of the CITA. The CITA introduces certain "qualified refundable tax credits" which 
are expected to be developed during 2024 to incentivise companies to support Bermudian residents 
through investments in key areas such as education, healthcare, housing, and other projects to help 
develop Bermuda's workforce. Bermuda will continue to monitor further developments around the world 
as other jurisdictions address the OECD's standards. 
The imposition of a Bermuda corporate income tax could, if applicable to the Issuer, have a material 
adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.  
Save for the CIT, to the extent applicable, there are no taxes on profits, income or dividends in Bermuda 
nor is there any capital gains tax, estate duty or death duty. Profits can be accumulated and it is not 
obligatory to pay dividends.  
The Bermuda Minister of Finance, under the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966, as 
amended, of Bermuda (the "EUTPA"), has given the Issuer an assurance (the "Tax Assurance 
Certificate") that if any legislation is enacted in Bermuda that would impose tax computed on profits or

--- Page 59 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
income, or computed on any capital asset, gain or appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or 
inheritance tax, then the imposition of any such tax will not be applicable to such undertakings or to any 
of its respective operations, the shares, debentures or other obligations of said undertakings until 31 
March 2035 except in so far as such tax applies to persons ordinarily resident in Bermuda and holding 
such shares, debentures or other obligations of the Issuer or any land leased or let to the Issuer. Given the 
limited duration of the Minister of Finance's assurances, it cannot be certain that the Issuer will not be 
subject to any Bermuda tax after 31 March 2035. In the event the Issuer is subject to tax under the CITA, 
this would supersede the Tax Assurance Certificate received from the Bermuda Minister of Finance 
granted under EUTPA.  
Bermuda has currently signed tax information exchange agreements with 41 different countries and 
territories including Argentina, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, South 
Africa, the UK and the United States. The agreements provide that the competent authorities of the 
participating countries shall provide assistance through the exchange of information that is relevant to 
the administration or enforcement of the domestic laws of the participating countries concerning taxes 
covered by the agreements. Such information shall include information that is relevant to the 
determination, assessment and collection of such taxes, the recovery and enforcement of tax claims or 
the investigation or prosecution of tax matters. Information shall be exchanged in accordance with the 
provisions of the agreements and shall be treated as confidential in the manner provided therein. Bermuda 
may agree to sign similar tax information exchange agreements with other countries in the future. 
In addition, in 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development announced the 
Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"), which has now been widely accepted as the international standard 
for financial account reporting for tax purposes outside the United States. The CRS sets out the financial 
account information to be exchanged between participating countries, the financial institutions required 
to report, the different types of accounts and taxpayers covered, as well as common due diligence 
procedures to be followed by financial institutions. Bermuda became a participant of the CRS pursuant 
to a multilateral competent authority agreement executed in 2014. Unlike FATCA, which requires the 
direct reporting of requisite information to the United States authorities, under the CRS reporting 
financial institutions are required to report requisite data to the Minister of Finance, in his capacity as the 
Competent Authority in Bermuda, for onward inter-governmental exchange. Bermuda legislation has 
been amended to ensure all Bermuda persons comply with the obligations of the CRS, FATCA and any 
other arrangements or agreements entered into by the Government of Bermuda for the exchange of 
information for tax purposes. The Issuer is required to collect certain information for each calendar year 
from and including 2016 from new accountholders (holders of Notes) where accounts are opened on or 
after 1 January 2016, and complete due diligence on all pre-existing accounts (being those existing as at 
31 December 2015) and begin to report such information to the Minister of Finance for exchange under 
the CRS from 2017. 
Payment by the Issuer may be subject to withholding tax in Qatar 
The Income Tax Law No. 24 of 2018 (the "Income Tax Law") and the Executive Regulations of the 
Income Tax Law issued by the Council of Ministers Decision 39 of 2019 (the "Executive Regulations") 
provide that any interest payments made to "non-residents" in respect of activities not connected with a 
permanent establishment in Qatar will be subject to withholding tax. However, the Executive Regulations 
provide for certain exemptions to such application of withholding tax and in accordance with Paragraph 
2 of Article 21(4) of the Executive Regulations, "interest on bills and bonds issued by the State and public 
authorities, establishments and corporations owned wholly or partly by the State" shall not be subject to 
withholding tax. The Issuer is wholly-owned by Ooredoo, which is indirectly partly owned by Qatar 
(through Qatar Holding LLC, an entity established by the QIA) and Ooredoo believes that, as a result, 
interest payments made by the Issuer to the Noteholders should not be subject to any withholding tax in 
Qatar.  
If the Issuer and/or Ooredoo cease to be partly owned by Qatar, the exemption at Paragraph 2 of Article 
21(4) of the Executive Regulations will cease to apply. However the exemption under Paragraph 3 of 
Article 21(4) of the Executive Regulations which provides that interest on transactions, facilities and 
loans with banks and financial institutions shall not be subject to withholding tax would apply provided 
that the payment of interest is being paid to a bank or financial institution.

--- Page 60 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
However, to the extent that a different official interpretation of the Executive Regulations is taken in the 
future, or if any law or regulation relating to withholding tax is changed, then, in relation to any then 
outstanding Notes, the Issuer may be entitled to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons). If the State were to divest itself of its ownership of Ooredoo 
or if Ooredoo were to divest itself of ownership of the Issuer, payments under the transaction documents 
may also become subject to withholding tax. However, if the State were to divest itself of its ownership 
of Ooredoo and the Change of Control Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
holder of any Note may, in accordance with Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)), redeem the note by giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Issuer for an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Note 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Put Date. If Ooredoo were to divest itself of 
ownership of the Issuer, this would result in an event of default in accordance with Condition 10(ix) 
(Events of Default) and a holder of a Note may declare such note to be forthwith due and payable, together 
with any interest accrued to the date of repayment. 
The Issuer may, without consent of the Noteholders, issue additional Notes. These additional Notes, 
even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the original Notes, may be 
treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The Issuer may, without consent of the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series, issue additional 
Tranches of Notes which may be consolidated and form a single Series with one or more Tranches 
previously issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such additional Tranches may be treated as a separate 
series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such a case, the Notes of any such additional Tranche may 
be considered to have been issued with "original issue discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
and this may reduce the market value of the Notes of such previously issued Tranche to certain classes 
of investors.

--- Page 61 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Each of: 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 54 to 82 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 7 December 2012 (the "2012 Terms and Conditions") prepared by the Issuer 
and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme (an electronic copy of which is available at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_e89d963c-e025-4fa5-89a4-
7ed82d7eb6be.PDF) which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland;  
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 45 to 78 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 14 June 2016 (the "2016 Terms and Conditions") prepared by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor in connection with the Programme (an electronic copy of which is available at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_9e185ae6-e49f-4474-9288-
a7c7744e872b.PDF) which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland; and  
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in pages 47 to 85 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 10 March 2021 (the "2021 Terms and Conditions") prepared by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor in connection with the Programme (an electronic copy of which is available at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_14f99e0b-6dd6-4e57-be3c-511027017129.PDF) 
which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the 2012 Terms and Conditions, the 2016 Terms and Conditions and the 2021 Terms and 
Conditions which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of Ooredoo and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in 
London. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the 2012 Terms and Conditions, the 2016 Terms 
and Conditions or the 2021 Terms and Conditions which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Additionally, information included in the base 
prospectus dated 7 December 2012, the base prospectus dated 14 June 2016 or the base prospectus dated 
10 March 2021 which is not incorporated by reference herein is either not relevant to investors or is 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate 
amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplemental base prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 62 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States 
in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the 
United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the 
United States in reliance on Rule 144A or Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for, Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
Bearer Notes will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as 
defined below) will only be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) outside 
the United States and its possessions and only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, has been received 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is forty days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a 
request as described therein either for: (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series; 
or (ii) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer 
Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that no definitive 
Bearer Note will be delivered to an address in the U.S. or its possessions), in each case against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. 
The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of 
the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive 
Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made only outside the United States and its possessions through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global 
Note) without any requirement for certification if such Note is being issued in accordance with the 
TEFRA C Rules or if certification has already been given (as described in the preceding paragraph). 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon either: (a) not less than sixty days' written notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Bearer Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein; or (b) only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) an Event of Default (as 
defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing; or (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of fourteen days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent

--- Page 63 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than forty-five days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on the face of all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more 
than one year (including unilateral roll overs and extensions) and on all receipts, interest coupons or 
talons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections of the Code referred to in the legend above provide that U.S. Holders (as defined in 
"Taxation – United States – U.S. Federal Income Taxation"), with certain limited exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold 
to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered 
form (a "Regulation S Global Note"). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note 
may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided 
in Condition 2 (Transfers of Registered Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, contained 
herein, and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such 
Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. 
persons in private transactions: (i) to QIBs; or (ii) to Institutional Accredited Investors who agree to 
purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered 
Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a "Rule 144A 
Global Note" and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, the "Registered Global Notes"). 
Registered Global Notes will either: (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) be deposited with 
a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests 
in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof ("Definitive IAI Registered Notes"). Unless otherwise set 
forth in the applicable Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the 
approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Transfer Restrictions". The Rule 144A 
Global Notes and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer 
set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the relevant Register (as defined 
in Condition 6(d) (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. All amounts payable to DTC or its

--- Page 64 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be paid by transfer by the relevant Registrar to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into 
and payment in U.S. Dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrars will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the relevant Register 
on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(d) (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the 
manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing; (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either 
DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes 
and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency 
registered under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) ("Exchange Act"); or 
(iii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) may give notice to the relevant Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall 
occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the relevant Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form 
of a Definitive IAI Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with 
all applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an 
interest in a Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will 
be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
General 
The option for Global Notes to be exchangeable for definitive Notes by giving notice shall not be 
expressed to be applicable under paragraph 21 (Form of Notes) in Part A of the applicable Final Terms 
if the relevant Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or 
more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. Furthermore, Notes shall not be issued which 
have such denominations if such Notes are to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, 
the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a 
CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned

--- Page 65 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, Ooredoo and the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 
(Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is 
still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has 
not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become 
void at 8.00 pm (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/ or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may 
be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account 
provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of 
covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 1 October 2024 and executed by the Issuer. In addition, holders 
of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver definitive 
Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's 
standard operating procedures.

--- Page 66 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In 
connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or

--- Page 67 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
amended from time to time (the "SFA"), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed 
capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
[Date] 
OOREDOO INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LIMITED 
Issue of [●] [●] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
OOREDOO Q.P.S.C. 
under the U.S.$5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the base prospectus dated 1 October 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation]2 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these applicable Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] is available for viewing in accordance with 
Article 
21 
of 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin ) and during normal business hours at the registered office 
of the Issuer at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda and copies may 
be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the Principal Paying Agent at One 
Canada Square, London, E14 5AL, United Kingdom.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue that is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") contained in the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated [●] and set forth 
in the base prospectus dated [7 December 2012][14 June 2016][10 March 2021] [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [●]] which are incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated 1 October 2024 (the 
"Base Prospectus"). [This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
[for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended) 
(the "Prospectus Regulation")]3 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 
October 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation], save in respect of the Conditions. The Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented] is available for viewing in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and during normal business 
hours at the registered office of the Issuer at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 
10, Bermuda and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the 
Principal Paying Agent at One Canada Square, London, E14 5AL, United Kingdom.] 
 
 
1 Include where Notes are to be offered to Singapore investors.  
2 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
3 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 68 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
[(c) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[●]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(b) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [●]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption/ Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes and 
Guarantee obtained: 
[●] and [●], respectively 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent., per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [up to and including the Maturity 
Date]

--- Page 69 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling in/on [●]]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/ Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(f) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] 
[EURIBOR/SOFR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name] [repeat as necessary].] 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable for 
SOFR Compounded Index only) 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is not 
applicable: 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[New York Federal Reserve's Website]/[ Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]4 
 
4 Select "Not Applicable" for SOFR.

--- Page 70 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]5 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]6 
 
Insert only if SOFR is the Reference Rate 
and 
Index 
Determination 
is 
not 
applicable: 
 
 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Lock-out] 
 
• 
Observation Look-back Period: 
[5/[●] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period, 
or 
Observation 
Shift 
Period, 
as 
applicable, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D 
[365/360/[●]]/[Not Applicable]7 
 
• 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]8 
 
• 
Rate Cut-Off Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable]9 
 
• 
Insert 
only 
if 
Index 
Determination is applicable: 
 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[●] [7] (unless otherwise specified, the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[●] [5] (unless otherwise specified, the Relevant 
Number shall be 5) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long]/[short] [first]/[last] Interest 
Period 
shall 
be 
calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/ -][●] per cent., per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent., per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent., per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
5 Select "Not Applicable" for SOFR. 
6 Select "Not Applicable" for SOFR. 
7 "D" will normally be 360 
8 Applicable for Payment Delay only. 
9 Applicable for Payment Delay only.

--- Page 71 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
 
30/360 
 
 
30E/360 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(m) 
Fallback provisions, rounding provisions 
and any other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest 
on 
Floating Rate Notes, if different from 
those set out in the Conditions: 
[●] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent., per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payment: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Investor Put: 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
100 per cent., of nominal amount 
20. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
[Not Applicable/Final Redemption Amount/[●] 
per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 
days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any 
time at the request of the Issuer]]

--- Page 72 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[●] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[●] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC]  
 
 
[Definitive IAI Registered Notes] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre: 
[Not Applicable/Qatar/[●]] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of 
each payment comprising the Issue Price and date 
on which payment is to be made and consequences 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
25. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited: 
Signed on behalf of 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.: 
 
 
By:  ...........................................................................  
By:  .....................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to [Euronext Dublin for 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin]/[●] with effect 
from [●]] [Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[S&P 
[●]] 
 
[Moody's: 
[●]] 
 
[Fitch: [●]]

--- Page 73 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation") 
but the rating issued by it is endorsed by [insert endorsing 
credit rating agency] which is established in the European 
Union and [is registered under the CRA Regulation] [has 
applied for registration under the CRA Regulation, 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority].] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation") 
but is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and is not certified under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation") and the 
rating given by it is not endorsed by a Credit Rating 
Agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the [United 
Kingdom]/[insert] and is [registered with the Financial 
Conduct Authority in accordance with] / [the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance with] / 
[certified under] [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the 
"CRA Regulation") as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation")]]]10 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings of the 
Notes are different to those stated in the Base Prospectus)  
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business for which they may receive fees. 
 
10 Insert the relevant clause for Notes which are admitted to trading on the UK regulated market and which have been assigned 
a rating.

--- Page 74 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[●] 
Use of proceeds: 
[●] (Only required if the use of proceeds is different to 
that stated in the Base Prospectus) 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[●] per cent., per annum on a [quarterly/[semi-] annual] 
basis 
6. 
TEFRA 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CUSIP: 
[●] 
CINS: 
[●] 
Any clearing system(s) other than DTC, 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
Identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Registrars: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch of Vertigo Building, Polaris 2-4 rue Eugene 
Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, Luxembourg/ The Bank of 
New York Mellon, New York Branch of 240 Greenwich 
Street, New York, NY 10286, United States of America] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Specify name(s)][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Specify name(s)] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Relevant 
Dealer: 
[Specify name(s)] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S [Compliance Category 2]][Rule 
144A][Section 4(a)(2)][Specify other] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
9. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer, Ooredoo and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes shall complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description 
of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
(the "Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 1 October 2024 between the Issuer, 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (the "Guarantor") as guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor principal paying agent), The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch as exchange agent 
(the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor exchange agent) and as U.S. 
registrar (the "U.S. Registrar", which expression shall include any successor U.S. registrar), The Bank 
of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as non-U.S. registrar (the "Non-U.S. Registrar", 
which expression shall include any successor non-U.S. registrar and, together with the U.S. Registrar, the 
"Registrars"), the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and a 
transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrars, the "Transfer 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to 
Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer Notes repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the 
payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered 
Notes and Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") for 
the purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of this Note has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a 
guarantee (such Guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Guarantee") dated 1 October 2024 and executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is held

--- Page 76 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
at its specified office. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any 
reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are: (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (b) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 1 October 2024 and made by the Issuer. The original of the 
Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") dated 1 October 2024 
made by the Issuer and the Guarantor and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrars and the other 
Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such agents and the Registrars, being together referred to as the 
"Agents"). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of the 
Issuer and of the Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this 
Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in 
the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one 
or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, 
the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and, provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination And Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes 
and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
This Note may be an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 77 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery 
and title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and 
the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note 
or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for 
all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Notes, except to the extent that in accordance 
with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its 
participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may be approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Principal Paying Agent. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be affected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other 
participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on 
behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in 
a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial 
interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out 
in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency 
Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in 
part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee.

--- Page 78 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer: (i) the holder or holders 
must: (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and (B) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent; and 
(ii) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the 
documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer 
will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrars may from 
time to time prescribe (such initial regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three 
business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request 
(or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery 
of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by 
uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only 
of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and 
delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, 
or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may 
be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder 
of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United 
States or who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a written certification substantially in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer 
Certificate"), copies of which are available from the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or beneficial interest therein to 
the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor,

--- Page 79 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
together with, in the case of (B), a duly executed investment letter from the 
relevant transferee substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an 
"IAI Investment Letter"); or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer or the Principal 
Paying Agent may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws 
of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in 
global or definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery 
only through a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period: (i) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a 
participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC; and (ii) such certification 
requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global 
Note, upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a duly completed Transfer 
Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in 
accordance with Regulation S and that in the case of a Regulation S Global Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior 
to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the 
Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes 
is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, 
without certification; or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to 
delivery to the relevant Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to an Institutional 
Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed IAI Investment 
Letter from the relevant transferee; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer or the Principal 
Paying Agent may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws 
of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A 
or outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such 
QIBs or non-U.S. investors through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
appropriate, and the relevant Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are the subject

--- Page 80 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, where 
applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request 
for removal of the legend, the relevant Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or 
refuse to remove the legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer 
such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer or the Principal 
Paying Agent, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the legend nor 
the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the 
provisions of the Securities Act. 
(g) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited 
Investors, may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same 
type at any time. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends forty days after the later 
of the commencement of the offering of each Tranche of Notes and the completion of 
the distribution of all Notes of such Tranche; 
"Institutional Accredited Investor" means accredited investors (as defined in Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to 
Institutional Accredited Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or 
represented by a Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in 
accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A; 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in 
the United States or to QIBs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding.

--- Page 81 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and 
the Guarantor shall procure that no Material Subsidiary will create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each, a "Security Interest"), other than 
a Permitted Security Interest, upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant 
Indebtedness or such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: "Financial 
Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, 
in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a lease; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on 
a non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(g) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit 
from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); 
(h) 
any amount raised under a transaction carried out in compliance with Shari'a principles; 
(i) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(j) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (h) (inclusive) above. 
"Infrastructure Sharing Arrangement" means an arrangement entered into by the Guarantor 
or any Material Subsidiary for the sale and leaseback of any assets used in the operation of its 
business. 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than a Project 
Financed Entity) whose net assets are more than 5 per cent. of the consolidated net assets of the 
Guarantor. For the purposes of this definition, the assets of the relevant Subsidiary will be

--- Page 82 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
determined from its latest audited financial statements. If there is a dispute as to whether or not 
a company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the auditors of the company will be, in the 
absence of manifest error, conclusive. 
"Non-recourse Project, Securitisation or Asset Financing" means any securitisation (Islamic 
or otherwise) of existing or future assets, or the financing of all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction or development of any project or asset, provided that: (i) any Security 
Interest given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is limited solely to assets 
of the securitisation, the project or to the value of the asset (as applicable); (ii) the person or 
persons participating in such securitisation or providing such financing expressly agrees or agree 
to limit their recourse to the project or asset (as applicable) so securitised or financed and the 
revenues derived from such project or asset (as applicable) as the principal source of repayment 
for the moneys advanced; and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer, the Guarantor or a 
Material Subsidiary in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation or financing. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of any Notes; 
(b) 
any Security Interest upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of a person and/or its 
subsidiaries existing at the time that such person is merged into or consolidated with the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor, provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or consolidation and does not 
extend to any other assets or property of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of 
the Guarantor; 
(c) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor and not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition; 
(d) 
any Security Interest created pursuant to a Shari'a compliant financing; 
(e) 
any Security Interest upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of a person and/or its 
subsidiaries created in connection with any Non-recourse Project, Securitisation or Asset 
Financing; 
(f) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or any 
Material Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements including, but not 
limited to, any cash management and hedging activities; 
(g) 
any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading; 
(h) 
any Security Interest arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale 
arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, or any Material Subsidiary in the ordinary course of trading and 
on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or 
omission by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Material Subsidiary (as applicable); 
(i) 
any Security Interest created in connection with any Infrastructure Sharing Arrangement; 
or 
(j) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of the preceding 
subparagraphs (a) through (c) (inclusive), provided that, with respect to any such 
Security Interest incurred pursuant to this subparagraph (j), the principal amount secured 
has not increased and the Security Interest has not been extended to any additional 
property (other than the proceeds of such property), in each case, provided that the 
amount of any Relevant Indebtedness secured by any such Security Interest (either alone

--- Page 83 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
or when aggregated with the amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured by the other 
Security Interests permitted pursuant to subparagraphs (a) through (i) (inclusive) above) 
does not exceed 30 per cent. of the book value of the consolidated total assets of the 
Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries, as shown in the most recent audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
"Project Financed Entity" means any Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) of 
the Guarantor which has incurred Project Finance Indebtedness and no other Financial 
Indebtedness, provided that a Project Financed Entity shall not include any Subsidiary or joint 
venture (to the extent consolidated) of the Guarantor with commercial operations (including 
commercial operations through a subsidiary) in Indonesia, Kuwait, Oman or Qatar. For the 
purposes of this definition, a Project Financed Entity shall cease to be a Project Financed Entity 
(and may not be redesignated a Project Financed Entity) at such time as: (i) it incurs any Financial 
Indebtedness other than Project Finance Indebtedness; (ii) it has no Project Finance Indebtedness 
outstanding; or (iii) the Guarantor determines that such Project Finance Entity is no longer a 
Project Finance Entity. 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness incurred by a Subsidiary or 
joint venture (to the extent consolidated) of the Guarantor to finance the ownership, acquisition, 
construction, development and/or operation of assets (or any refinancing thereof) to the extent to 
which the person or persons to whom such Financial Indebtedness is, or may be, owed have no 
recourse whatsoever for the repayment of or payment of such Financial Indebtedness, other than: 
(a) 
recourse to that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) for amounts 
limited to the aggregate cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash flow or 
historic net cash flow) from such assets; and/or 
(b) 
recourse to that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated), which recourse 
is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages required 
to be calculated in a specified way) for breach of an obligation, representation or 
warranty (not being a payment obligation, representation or warranty or an obligation, 
representation or warranty to procure payment by another or an obligation, representation 
or warranty to comply or to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios or 
other test of financial condition) by the person against whom such recourse is available; 
and/or 
(c) 
if that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) has been established 
specifically for the purpose of constructing, developing, owning and/or operating the 
relevant asset or that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) has been 
established specifically for the purpose of constructing, developing, owning and/or 
operating a specific asset and the relevant asset, construction or development is to further 
develop or equip that asset and that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent 
consolidated) owns no other significant assets and carries on no other business, recourse 
to all of the assets and undertaking of that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent 
consolidated) and the shares in the capital of that Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent 
consolidated); and/or 
(d) 
any guarantee given by any Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) of 
the Guarantor for Project Finance Indebtedness, provided that the recourse to that 
Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) under that guarantee is limited to 
its shares in a Subsidiary or joint venture (to the extent consolidated) of the Guarantor 
referred to in subparagraph (c). 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means: (i) any present or future Financial Indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities (including trust certificates) which are for the time 
being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market; and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness.

--- Page 84 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
"Subsidiary" means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or 
indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership and "control" 
for the purposes of this definition means the power to direct the management and the policies of 
the entity whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)"is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 85 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12-30 day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to Euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which 
expression shall, in the Conditions, mean the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur; or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is:

--- Page 86 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Payment Date: (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis; or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event: (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either: (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollars or New Zealand 
Dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or (2) in relation 
to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which do not 
reference SOFR 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined 
(other than in respect of Notes for which SOFR is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms), the Rate of Interest

--- Page 87 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(1) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(2) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, where: 
(a) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period 
were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(b) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Relevant 
Period were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer (and such 
Independent Adviser to act in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines appropriate; 
(3) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(4) 
if, in the case of (1) above, such rate does not appear on that 
page or, in the case of (3) above, fewer than two such rates 
appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the

--- Page 88 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Period); and 
(5) 
subject to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark Replacement – 
Independent Adviser) below, if fewer than two such quotations 
are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted 
by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
and provided further that such failure is not due to the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during 
such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
If (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, (ii) the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is SOFR, and (iii) Index Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being not applicable:  
(1) 
Where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series 
of Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(2) 
Where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series 
of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to as provided below, be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
(3) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B):  
"Applicable Period" means:

--- Page 89 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
(a) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period;  
"Business Day" in this Condition means where "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate, a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day;  
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to 
an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:  
 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Applicable Period;  
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of 
Business Days in such Applicable Period;  
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Business Day in such Applicable Period;  
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the 
day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, 
the corresponding Interest Payment Date;  
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means 
the number of calendar days from and including such Business 
Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day;  
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York;  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from and including the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending

--- Page 90 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable);  
"p" means, for any Interest Period:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five Business Days);  
(b) 
where "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
zero; or  
(c) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Business 
Days); 
"r" means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in 
respect of such Business Day; 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method:  
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and  
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the 
Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); 
(c) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business 
Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date;

--- Page 91 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period;  
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the 
definition of "r" above for, (i) where "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Business 
Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business 
Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i";  
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case on or 
about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
and  
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during 
the relevant Observation Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such 
sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference 
Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate 
in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding 
such calendar day; and  
(b) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, 
provided however that for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the 
relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-
out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the

--- Page 92 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes 
the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which 
is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso 
above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for 
the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day. 
(4) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, if, in respect of any Business Day, 
SOFR is not available on the Relevant Screen Page, subject to 
Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement – SOFR), such 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page; (and "SOFR" in this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C) shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(5) 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, all references in these Conditions to 
interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest Payment Date 
shall be read as references to interest on the Notes being payable 
on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(6) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice 
to Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Replacement – Independent 
Adviser) or Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Replacement – SOFR), 
as applicable, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(7) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) or 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
(C) 
Index Determination 
If (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined and (ii) Index Determination is specified in the applicable

--- Page 93 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin 
(if any), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean the SOFR Compounded Index where 
the "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined;  
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling 
the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);  
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days;  
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360;  
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be the seventh decimal place in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms but, 
unless otherwise specified shall be five;  
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as 
published at 15:00 (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and  
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value determined in 
relation to on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  
Provided that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date has not occurred in respect of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant 
rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the 
relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
rate of interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination - Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR) as if Index Determination was specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being not applicable. For these purposes, (i) 
the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (ii) 
the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iii) 
the Observation Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant

--- Page 94 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Number (as defined in this Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) and (iv) "D" shall be 
deemed to be the Numerator as defined in this Condition 5(b)(ii)(D). If 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provision of Condition 5(g) 
(Benchmark Replacement - SOFR) shall apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(D), as applicable. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than 
the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(iv) 
Calculation of Interest Amount  
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 5(b), whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other 
Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection

--- Page 95 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes 
and otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant 
Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor determines a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall notify the 
Agents and Calculation Agent and use its reasonable endeavours to select and 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, no later than 
10 Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination Date, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(f)(ii)), and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(f)(ii)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(f) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes), the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders 
for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(f).  
If (A) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is unable to select and 
appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(f) prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding

--- Page 96 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 5(f). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines and notifies the Agents and Calculation 
Agent prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the next relevant 
Interest Determination Date that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5(f)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the Agents and the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 5(f) and the Independent Adviser, 
determines and notifies to the Agents and the Calculation Agent (A) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(f)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(f)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The Agents shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer concur with the Issuer 
in effecting any Benchmark Amendments as may be required in order to give 
effect of this Condition 5(f) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be 
treated as being within the scope of the Reserved Matters (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement)), subject to receipt by the Agents of the certificate referred 
to in subparagraph (v) below, provided however, that the Principal Paying Agent 
shall not be obliged so to concur if in the sole opinion of any Agent, doing so

--- Page 97 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
would have the effect of (i) exposing it to any liabilities against which it has not 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Agents. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(f) will be notified promptly by the relevant Issuer to the Agents, the 
Calculation Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date, which shall be 
not less than 10 Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination Date, of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the relevant 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (2) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (3) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (4) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(f); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry 
and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof and shall 
display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(f)(i)-(iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Conditions 5(b)(ii)(A) and 5(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(f) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – SOFR 
This Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) applies in the case of a U.S. Dollar-denominated Floating 
Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "SOFR" only. 
(A) 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, if the Issuer 
or its designee (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent or such other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amounts) determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time

--- Page 98 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. Any 
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection: 
(a) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(b) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(c) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
(B) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) above will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect. No later than notifying 
the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, 
(y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement, and (z) where 
applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B); and 
(b) 
certifying 
that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(C) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(3), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (a) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (b) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 99 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
(i) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which 
may be obtained from ISDA at http://www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(http://www.isda.org); 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(f)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor

--- Page 100 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed 
by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (i) in the case of 
sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of 
the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, (ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date 
of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (iii) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor 
to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, or in the case of (vi) above, the relevant party, and promptly notified 
to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For 
the avoidance of doubt, none of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:  
(a) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(b) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating 
rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 101 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time;  
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which 
the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component),

--- Page 102 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising member states of the European Union 
that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(f)(i). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on and including the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest 
Period Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified 
hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest 
Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms; and 
(b) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified hereon.  
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date 
unless otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 103 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (as applicable), as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Period 
Date. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from, and including, the date "r" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, 
the date "r" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Period Date at the end of such Interest Accrual Period (where "r" is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the Shift/Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days)). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes. 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is "q" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, as 
applicable (where "q" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the Rate Cut-Off Period specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions hereon. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the 
interbank market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
"Reference Day" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period.  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such 
hereon.

--- Page 104 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any 
successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service). 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such hereon. 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
a reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website. 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate). 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the SOFR 
Administrator. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
or any successor system.  
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro.

--- Page 105 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(ii) 
Principal Paying Agent 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5, if in the Principal 
Paying Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 5, the Principal Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser thereof and the Issuer and the Independent Adviser shall 
direct the Principal Paying Agent in writing as to which alternative course of 
action to adopt. If the Principal Paying Agent is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and the Independent Adviser thereof and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollars or New Zealand 
Dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any 
other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a Euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive 
Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as

--- Page 106 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other 
than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in accordance 
with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the 
relevant instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer 
Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to 
the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal 
so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription) or, if later, 
five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but 
in no event thereafter). 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void 
and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity 
Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon 
attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such 
Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A 
record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in 
bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of

--- Page 107 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the Registered Note at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or any of the 
Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as 
defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note 
appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the relevant 
Registrar (the "Register") at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the relevant Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding 
the previous sentence, if: (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account; or (ii) the 
principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its 
approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). 
For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the relevant Register and "Designated 
Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than Euro) a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in Euro) any bank which processes 
payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders of the Registered Note appearing in the relevant Register at the 
close of business on the business day prior to the payment date) before the relevant due 
date (the "Record Date") at his address shown in the relevant Register on the Record 
Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the 
relevant Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of 
a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed 
to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered 
Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until 
such time as the relevant Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the 
final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a 
cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment 
or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders 
by the relevant Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of 
the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars 
shall be paid by transfer by the relevant Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified

--- Page 108 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into 
and payment in U.S. Dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. Dollars, such U.S. Dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under U.S. law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not 
a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means 
any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
London; and 
(C) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 109 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
(ii) 
either: (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated 
in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars and registered in the name of 
DTC or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an 
interest in such Registered Global Note) has elected to receive any part of such 
payment in U.S. Dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised 
or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 8 (Taxation). 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 110 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its 
control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be 
required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that, no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, two Directors of the Guarantor, stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion 
of independent legal advisors of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment which shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph Condition 7(f) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, 
the relevant Registrar(s); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount 
in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
"Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list 
of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and

--- Page 111 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant 
to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount (each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under 
this Condition 7(d) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if 
this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b) (Transfers of Registered Notes - 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, 
the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given 
on his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC from time to time and, if this Note is 
represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant 
to this Condition 7(d) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7(d) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
(e) 
Redemption for Change of Control (Change of Control Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and a Change of 
Control Event occurs, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Put Date at an amount

--- Page 112 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Note together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed 
under this Condition 7(e) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
Immediately upon the Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Event. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if 
this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed Put Notice in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of 
the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b) (Transfers of Registered Notes 
– Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer 
form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held 
to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given 
on his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC from time to time and, if this Note is 
represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant 
to this Condition 7(e) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7(e) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Change of Control Event" means that the State of Qatar either ceases to have 
direct or indirect ownership of at least 50.1 per cent. of the issued share capital 
of the Guarantor or ceases to have direct or indirect ownership of such amount 
of shares in the capital of the Guarantor as carry at least 50.1 per cent. of the 
voting rights normally exercisable at a general assembly (or general meeting) of 
the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
"Put Date" means the first Business Day after the expiry of the notice given by 
the holder of the Note pursuant to this Condition 7(e). 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts

--- Page 113 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
For the purpose of Condition 7(b) (Redemption and Purchase-Redemption for tax 
reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default), each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, 
at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment 
Note and a Partly Paid Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may 
be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face 
Amount") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 
AY)y
 + 
(1
 
 
RP
 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; and 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which 
is 360. 
(g) 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment 
Dates. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined 
pursuant to Condition 7(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts). 
(h) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition as supplemented and completed by 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the relevant 
Registrar for cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 7(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Purchases) above (together with all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 114 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7(a) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
maturity), Condition 7(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)), Condition 7(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put)), or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is 
improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7(f)(iii) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the relevant Registrar(s) and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
such event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as 
shall be necessary in order that payments received by the holder will equal the amounts that the 
holder would have received, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below), 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(f) (Payments – Payment Day)). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 8, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
any paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of FATCA. 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the case may be, on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such

--- Page 115 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means Bermuda or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by the 
Issuer) or Qatar or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (in the case of payments by the Guarantor). 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
6(b) (Payments – Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Payments – Presentation of definitive Bearer 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons). 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal 
and fourteen days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under 
these Conditions or, in the case of the Guarantor, the Guarantee and (except in any case 
where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days 
next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if: (a) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary 
becomes capable of being declared due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event 
of default (however described); (b) the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary 
fails to make any payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness on the due date (as 
extended by any originally applicable grace period) for payment; (c) any Security Interest 
given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary for any Financial 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce the Security Interest 
(including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other 
similar person, but excluding the issue of any notification to the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, that such Security Interest has 
become enforceable); or (d) default is made by the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material 
Subsidiary in making any payment due under any guarantee and/ or indemnity given by 
it in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other person, provided that no event 
described in this subparagraph (iii) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
Financial Indebtedness or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when 
aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Financial Indebtedness and/or 
liabilities due and unpaid relating to all (if any) of the events specified in (a) to (d) 
(inclusive) above which have occurred and are continuing, amounts to at least 
U.S.$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save in 
connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or

--- Page 116 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
(v) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save in connection with a 
Permitted Reorganisation, or if the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits its inability 
to pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its 
debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
if: (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other 
similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material 
Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole 
or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in 
force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them; 
and (b) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within thirty days; or 
(vii) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes 
a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors), save in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or 
(viii) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or may have, 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (iv) to (vii) above; or 
(ix) 
if the Issuer ceases to be a subsidiary wholly-owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the Guarantor; or 
(x) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, in 
full force and effect, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal 
Paying Agent, declare any Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and 
payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
In this Condition, the following expression shall have the following meaning: 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means: 
(A) 
any disposal by a Material Subsidiary of the whole or a substantial part of its business, 
undertaking or assets to the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor; 
(B) 
any amalgamation, consolidation or merger of a Material Subsidiary with the Guarantor 
or any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor; or 
(C) 
any amalgamation, consolidation, restructuring, merger or reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 117 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment 
by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as any Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent, which may be the Principal Paying Agent, and a Transfer Agent, which may be 
the relevant Registrar, with a specified office in the place required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or any other relevant authority;  
(b) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a relevant Registrar; and  
(c) 
so long as any Registered Global Notes are registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, 
there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(e) (Payments – General provisions 
applicable to payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect 
(other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or 
by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given

--- Page 118 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the relevant Register and will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and 
the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules 
of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the relevant Registrar(s) (in the case of Registered 
Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Registrar through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal 
Paying Agent, the relevant Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum 
at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or 
the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons 
in each case, other than any changes arising from the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or any 
Benchmark Amendment (each a "Reserved Matter")), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an

--- Page 119 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer (following consultation with the Guarantor) may 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter), of the Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Guarantor), not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Deed of Guarantee, the 
Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Guarantor): (i) of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
or (ii) is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. 
In addition, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(f), vary or amend these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to certain Benchmark Amendments without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders as described in Condition 5(f) and the Agents shall 
agree to such variations or amendments on the basis set out in Condition 5(f). Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with any of the above are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Dispute resolution 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 18(b)(ii), any dispute, claim, difference or controversy 
arising out of, relating to or having any connection with the Notes, the Receipts 
and/or the Coupons (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally 
resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules (the "Rules") of 
the London Court of International Arbitration ("LCIA"), which Rules (as 
amended from time to time) are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this 
Condition. For these purposes:

--- Page 120 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
(A) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
(B) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in 
the arbitration, shall have no connection with any party thereto and shall 
be an attorney experienced in international securities transactions. The 
parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one arbitrator and both 
arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the 
chairman of the tribunal. In cases where there are multiple claimants 
and/or multiple respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class 
of respondents jointly shall each nominate one arbitrator. Without 
prejudice to Article 8 of the LCIA Rules, in the event that one party or 
both fails to nominate an arbitrator within the time limits specified by 
the Rules, such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed by the LCIA. If the party 
nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third arbitrator within 15 days 
of the appointment of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be 
appointed by the LCIA; and 
(C) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding Condition 18(b)(i) above, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or any Couponholders (where permitted to do so) may, in the alternative, and at 
its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Issuer: 
(A) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the 
Rules); or 
(B) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and/or Couponholders give such notice, the Dispute to which 
such notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 18(b)(iii) 
and, subject as provided below, any arbitration commenced under Condition 
18(b)(i) in respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each person who gives 
such notice and the recipient of that notice will bear its own costs in relation to 
the terminated arbitration. 
If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in 
respect of any Dispute, the Noteholders, Receiptholders and/or Couponholders, 
as the case may be, must also promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any 
Tribunal (each as defined in the Rules) already appointed in relation to the 
Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the courts. Upon receipt of such 
notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment of any arbitrator 
in relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any such arbitrator will 
be deemed to be functus officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
(A) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the 
court in support of that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(B) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(C) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of 
applying any limitation bar or any similar rule or provision. 
(iii) 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 18(b)(ii) is issued, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
subject to paragraph (C) below, the courts of England shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any Dispute and the Issuer submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts;

--- Page 121 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
(B) 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary; and 
(C) 
this Condition 18(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders only. As a result, and 
notwithstanding paragraph (A) above, the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
and any Couponholders (where permitted to do so) may take 
proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts 
with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor have appointed Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited at its registered office at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX as 
its agent for service of process, and undertake that, in the event of Law Debenture 
Corporate Services Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it 
will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Proceedings or Disputes and notify the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Waiver of immunity 
The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from 
jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally 
consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without 
limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order, judgment or award made or given 
in connection with any Proceedings or Disputes. 
(e) 
Other Documents and the Guarantor 
The Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll made provision for 
governing law, arbitration, submission, process agent appointment and waiver of 
immunity in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 122 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by Ooredoo within the Group for general 
corporate purposes, including, amongst other things, refinancing existing indebtedness.

--- Page 123 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
CAPITALISATION OF THE GROUP 
The following table sets out the Group's consolidated capitalisation, bank balances and cash and short 
term debt as at 30 June 2024. The information provided was derived from the Group's 2024 Interim 
Financial Information and should be read in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the Interim Financial Information included 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m)(5) 
 
 
Bank balances and cash(1) ..................................................................................................................................  
11,480.9 
3,152.8 
Debt: 
 
 
Short-term debt(2) ...............................................................................................................................................  
1,075.9 
295.5 
Long-term debt(3) ...............................................................................................................................................  
14,180.0 
3,894.0 
Total debt .........................................................................................................................................................  
15,255.9 
4,189.5 
Equity: 
 
 
Share capital ......................................................................................................................................................  
3,203.2 
879.6 
Legal reserve .....................................................................................................................................................  
12,434.3 
3,414.6 
Fair value reserve ..............................................................................................................................................  
343.1 
94.2 
Employees' benefit reserve ................................................................................................................................  
(3.3) 
(0.9) 
Translation reserve ............................................................................................................................................  
(6,295.2) 
(1,728.8) 
Other statutory reserves .....................................................................................................................................  
1,457.1 
400.1 
Retained earnings ..............................................................................................................................................  
15,470.1 
4,248.3 
Non-controlling interests ...................................................................................................................................  
4,220.8 
1,159.1 
Total equity ......................................................................................................................................................  
30,830.1 
8,466.2 
Total capitalisation(4) .......................................................................................................................................  
45,010.1 
12,360.2 
 
 Comprises cash and bank balances, call deposits and short-term deposits with banks that management believes are readily convertible into 
cash and restricted bank deposits. 
 Comprises current loans and current borrowings and lease liabilities with a maturity of up to 12 months, net of deferred financing costs. 
 Comprises non-current loans and non-current borrowings and lease liabilities with a maturity of greater than 12 months, net of deferred 
financing costs. 
 Total equity plus long-term debt. 
 USD figures have been derived using QR3.6415 = U.S.$1.00.

--- Page 124 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer was incorporated as an exempted company limited by shares in Bermuda under the Companies 
Act on 8 May 2009 under the name QTEL International Finance Limited (with registered number 43194) 
and changed its name on 15 November 2011 to Qtel International Finance Limited and subsequently 
changed its name on 3 March 2014 to Ooredoo International Finance Limited. The registered office of 
the Issuer is at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda, telephone 
number +1 441 294 8000. The issued share capital of the Issuer is comprised of 100 common shares of 
par value U.S.$1.00 each. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
The objects of the Issuer are unrestricted and, as set out in paragraph 7 of its Memorandum of Association, 
the Issuer has the following powers: 
• 
the powers of a natural person; 
• 
subject to the provisions of Section 42 of the Companies Act, the powers to issue preference 
shares which at the option of the holders thereof are liable to be redeemed; 
• 
the powers to purchase its own shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 42A of the 
Companies Act; and 
• 
the powers to acquire its own shares to be held as treasury shares in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 42B of the Companies Act. 
The rights of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as a shareholder in the Issuer are contained in the memorandum of 
association and the bye-laws of the Issuer and the Issuer will be managed in accordance with such 
memorandum of association and bye-laws and with the provisions of Bermuda law, including, but not 
limited to, the Companies Act. 
The Issuer was established to raise capital by the issue of the Notes. 
The Issuer has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those incidental to: (i) its 
registration as an exempted company; (ii) the authorisation of the establishment and/or update of the 
Programme and issue of any Notes under the Programme; (iii) the ownership of such interests and other 
assets referred to herein; (iv) the other matters contemplated in this Base Prospectus; (v) the authorisation 
and execution of the other documents referred to in this Base Prospectus to which it is or will be a party; 
and (vi) other matters which are incidental or ancillary to those activities. 
The Issuer's ongoing activities will principally comprise: (i) the issue of the Notes under the Programme; 
(ii) the entering into of any documents related to the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme; and (iii) the exercise of related rights and powers and other activities referred to 
in this Base Prospectus or reasonably incidental to those activities. 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries, employees or non-executive directors. 
The Directors of the Issuer and their respective business addresses and principal activities are:  
Name 
Business Address 
Principal Activities 
Mr. Sean Michael Borejszo 
Ooredoo Tower, 100 West Bay, PO Box 
217, Doha, Qatar 
Director 
Mr. Sherman Taylor 
Ocorian 
Services 
(Bermuda) 
Limited, 
Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, 
Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda 
Director 
Mr. Tomas Ramirez Gil 
Ooredoo Tower, 100 West Bay, PO Box 
217, Doha, Qatar 
Director 
Ocorian Directors I (Bermuda) Limited 
(represented by James Damian Resnik) 
Ocorian 
Services 
(Bermuda) 
Limited, 
Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, 
Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda  
Director

--- Page 125 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
The Corporate Service Provider, Corporate Administrator and Company Secretary of the Issuer is 
Ocorian Services (Bermuda) Limited, whose business address is Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria 
Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors, 
Corporate Administrator and Company Secretary of the Issuer listed above and their duties to the Issuer.  
The Issuer, Ooredoo and the Corporate Services Provider have entered into a corporate services 
agreement (the "Corporate Services Agreement") on 21 May 2009 pursuant to which the Corporate 
Services Provider agreed to provide certain administrative services to the Issuer, including the provision 
of registered office and company secretarial and related services. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement, either the Issuer or the Corporate Services 
Provider may, on not less than three months' prior written notice, terminate the Corporate Services 
Agreement, provided that either the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Corporate Services Provider, may 
terminate the Corporate Services Agreement forthwith by written notice on the occurrence of certain 
events of default by the other party.  The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Bermuda law. 
The Issuer's Financial Statements are included in this Base Prospectus on pages F-39 to F-81. The 
financial year of the Issuer ends on 31 December in each year.

--- Page 126 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer's selected historical financial data as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2021, 
2022 and 2023 set forth below has been derived from the Issuer's Financial Statements appearing 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The selected historical financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with Issuer's 
Financial Statements. The results of operations for any period are not necessarily indicative of the results 
to be expected for any future period. 
Statement of Profit or Loss Data 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(U.S.$ thousands) 
 
Finance income ................................................................................. 
161,433.0  
162,880.0  
133,416.0 
Service fee income* .......................................................................... 
35.0 
52.0 
32.0 
Finance costs ..................................................................................... 
(161,433.0) 
(162,880.0) 
(133,416.0) 
General administrative expenses ....................................................... 
(33.0) 
(48.0) 
(30.0) 
Income tax ......................................................................................... 
(2.0) 
(3.0) 
(2.0) 
Profit for the year ............................................................................ 
— 
1.0 
— 
*Service fee income is referred to as: “Management Fee Income” in the Issuer’s 2022 financial statements 
Statement of Financial Position Data 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(U.S.$ thousands) 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Non-current asset 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to parent company ...........................................  
4,216,519.0  
3,220,956.0 
3,225,265.0 
Current assets 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to parent company ...........................................  
36,881.0 
1,038,449.0 
26,931.0 
Amounts due from parent company ..................................................  
9.0 
11.0 
11.0 
Total assets ......................................................................................  
4,253,409.0  
4,259,416.0 
3,252,207 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital(1) ..................................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Retained earnings .............................................................................  
1.0 
2.0 
2.0 
Total equity ......................................................................................  
1.0 
2.0 
2.0 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liability 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings ..............................................................  
4,216,519.0 
3,220,956.0 
3,225,265.0 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings ..............................................................  
36,881.0 
1,038,449.0 
26,931.0 
Accrued expenses .............................................................................  
4.0 
6.0 
4.0 
Income tax payable ...........................................................................  
4.0 
3.0 
5.0 
Total liabilities ................................................................................  
4,253,408.0 
4,259,414.0 
3,252,205.0 
Total equity and liabilities .............................................................  
4,253,409.0 
4,259,416.0  
3,252,207.0 
 
Statement of Cash flows Data 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(U.S.$ thousands) 
 
Net cash generated from operating activities .................................  
— 
— 
— 
Net cash used in investing activity ................................................  
(989,220.0) 
— 
— 
Net cash generated from financing activity ...................................  
989,220.0 
— 
— 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents .......................................  
— 
— 
— 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December ...............................  
— 
— 
— 
 
 The share capital of the Issuer is U.S.$100.

--- Page 127 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF 
THE GROUP 
Ooredoo's selected historical consolidated financial data as at and for each of the years ended 31 
December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and as at and for the six-month periods 
ended 30 June 2023 and 2024 set forth below has been derived from the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the 2024 Interim Financial Information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The selected historical consolidated financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with, 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2024 Interim Financial Information. The results of operations 
for any period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. 
 
Statement of profit or loss 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2022* 
2023 
2023 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Revenue .........................................................................  
29,899.7 
22,698.2 
23,163.7 
6,361.0 
Other income .................................................................  
494.9 
195.4 
671.5 
184.4 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses .....  
(13,486.4) 
(10,621.0) 
(10,762.3) 
(2,955.4) 
Royalty fees ...................................................................  
(538.1) 
(249.3) 
(238.3) 
(65.5) 
Employee salaries and associated costs .........................  
(3,213.1) 
(2,932.0) 
(2,650.5) 
(727.9) 
Depreciation and amortisation .......................................  
(7,974.4) 
(4,565.3) 
(4,584.5) 
(1,258.9) 
Finance costs .................................................................  
(1,994.4) 
(1,032.4) 
(860.6) 
(236.3)  
Finance income .............................................................  
190.1 
266.9 
325.5 
89.4 
Share of net profit of associates and joint ventures ........  
80.5 
422.2 
397.7 
109.2 
Impairment losses on financial assets ............................  
(230.4) 
(192.5) 
(431.6) 
(118.5) 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial 
assets .............................................................................  
(2,400.5) 
(193.3) 
(701.8) 
(192.7) 
Gain on sale of towers ...................................................  
1,566.9 
- 
- 
- 
Other gains/(losses) - net ...............................................  
(715.5) 
(470.2) 
(42.0) 
(11.6)  
Profit before income tax and other tax related fees ..  
1,679.3 
3,326.7 
4,286.8 
1,177.2 
Income tax and other tax related fees ............................  
(626.7) 
(565.8) 
(775.3) 
(212.9)  
Profit for the year ........................................................  
1,052.6 
2,760.9 
3,511.5 
964.3 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent..........................................  
46.9 
2,360.2 
3,015.9 
828.2 
Non-controlling interests............................................  
1,005.7 
400.7 
495.6 
136.1 
Basic and Diluted Earnings per share 
 
 
 
 
(attributable to shareholders of the parent) (expressed 
in QR per share) ............................................................  
0.01 
0.74 
0.94 
0.26 
 
*The financial information for 2022 has been reclassified in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. See note 49 to the 2023 Financial 
Statements. 
 
 
Six-month period ended 30 June 
 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
Revenue  .................................................................................................. 
11,408.9 
11,796.5 
3,239.5  
Other income ........................................................................................... 
622.9 
98.1  
26.9  
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses ............................... 
(5,235.7)  
(5,385.8) 
(1,479.0) 
Royalty fees ............................................................................................. 
(118.3) 
(115.3) 
(31.7) 
Employee salaries and associated costs ................................................... 
(1,315.0) 
(1,366.8) 
(375.3) 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................................. 
(2,233.7) 
(2,201.0) 
(604.4) 
Finance costs  .......................................................................................... 
(443.9) 
(401.2) 
(110.2) 
Finance income ....................................................................................... 
137.9 
220.8  
60.6  
Share of net profit of associates and joint ventures  ................................. 
182.0 
196.8  
54.0  
Impairment losses on financial assets ...................................................... 
(228.6) 
(127.1) 
(34.9) 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial assets  ............... 
(174.4) 
 (4.9) 
(1.3) 
Other gains/(losses) – net 
(104.5) 
(104.9) 
(28.8)

--- Page 128 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
Six-month period ended 30 June 
 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Profit before income taxes and other tax related fees ......................... 
2,497.6 
2,605.2 
715.4 
Income tax and other tax related fees ...................................................... 
(401.5) 
(451.1) 
(123.9) 
Profit for the period .............................................................................. 
2,096.1 
2,154.1 
591.5 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent.................................................................... 
1,794.9 
1,871.5 
513.9 
Non-controlling interests...................................................................... 
301.2 
282.6 
77.6 
Basic and Diluted Earnings per share 
 
 
 
(attributable to shareholders of the parent) (expressed in QR per share) . 
0.56 
0.58 
0.16 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022* 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment .................... 
14,868.7 
14,197.6 
13,905.8 
3,818.7 
13,163.3 
3,614.8 
Intangible assets and goodwill .................... 
18,088.4 
16,701.6 
15,514.5 
4,260.5 
14,504.4  
3,983.1  
Right-of-use assets ..................................... 
2,860.7 
2,587.9 
2,790.5 
766.3 
2,677.6  
735.3  
Investment properties ................................. 
134.0 
117.2 
118.9 
32.7 
112.6  
30.9  
Investment in associates and 
joint ventures .............................................. 
1,646.2 
7,051.1 
7,085.0 
1,945.6 
6,677.4  
1,833.7 
Financial assets at fair value ....................... 
686.1 
886.4 
966.4 
265.4 
1,014.6  
278.6 
Other non-current assets ............................. 
234.2 
202.0 
259.6 
71.3 
336.7  
92.5  
Deferred tax assets ..................................... 
365.6 
316.3 
321.4 
88.3 
299.2  
82.2  
Contract costs  ............................................ 
111.9 
156.5 
166.0 
45.6 
173.1 
47.5 
Total non-current assets. 
38,995.8 
42,216.6 
41,128.1 
11,294.4 
38,958.9 
10,698.6 
Current assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inventories.................................................. 
365.0 
404.8 
308.4 
84.7 
354.3  
97.3 
Contract costs  ............................................ 
181.3 
213.2 
222.7 
61.1 
229.0  
62.9 
Trade and other receivables ........................ 
5,251.3 
5,773.0 
5,086.5 
1,396.8 
5,320.9  
1,461.2  
Bank balances and cash .............................. 
11,670.5 
13,231.9 
11,462.7 
3,147.8 
11,480.9  
3,152.8  
Assets held for sale ..................................... 
20,893.9 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Total current assets .................................. 
38,362.0 
19,622.9 
17,080.3 
4,690.4 
17,385.1 
4,774.2 
Total assets ................................................ 
77,357.8 
61,839.5 
58,208.4 
15,984.8 
56,344.0 
15,472.8 
’Share capital.............................................. 
3,203.2 
3,203.2 
3,203.2 
879.6 
3,203.2  
879.6 
Legal reserve .............................................. 
12,434.3 
12,434.3 
12,434.3 
3,414.6 
12,434.3  
3,414.6 
Fair value reserve ....................................... 
393.5 
372.9 
312.5 
85.8 
343.1  
94.2 
Employees' benefit reserve ......................... 
(5.6) 
(0.8) 
(3.6) 
(1.0)  
 (3.3) 
(0.9) 
Translation reserve ..................................... 
(8,634.6) 
(6,955.7) 
(6,307.1) 
(1,732.0)  
(6,295.2) 
(1,728.8) 
Other statutory reserves .............................. 
1,327.0 
1,372.3 
1,457.1 
400.1 
1,457.1  
400.1  
Retained earnings ....................................... 
12,504.1 
13,885.1 
15,361.9 
4,218.6 
15,470.1 
4,248.3 
Equity attributable to shareholders of 
the parent 
21,221.9 
24,311.3 
26,458.3 
7,265.7 
26,609.3  
7,307.1 
Non-controlling interests ............................ 
5,186.7 
3,845.1 
4,116.0 
1,130.3 
4,220.8 
1,159.1 
Total equity ............................................... 
26,408.6 
28,156.4 
30,574.3 
8,396.0 
30,830.1 
8,466.2 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings ................................ 
18,943.5 
13,729.4 
11,943.4 
3,279.8 
11,949.0  
3,281.3  
Employees' benefits .................................... 
572.1 
624.7 
609.8 
167.5 
570.1  
156.6  
Lease liabilities .......................................... 
3,557.6 
3,142.5 
3,131.1 
859.8 
2,231.0  
612.7  
Deferred tax liabilities ................................ 
- 
10.4 
26.3 
7.2 
24.4  
6.7 
Other non-current liabilities ....................... 
746.3 
668.6 
351.6 
96.6 
215.0  
59.0  
Contract liabilities 
10.0 
10.5 
13.3 
3.7 
3.2  
0.9 
Provisions ................................................... 
211.5 
205.7 
217.7 
59.8 
218.2 
59.9 
Total non-current liabilities ........................ 
24,041.0 
18,391.8 
16,293.2 
4,474.4 
15,210.9 
4,177.1 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings ................................ 
825.0 
4,217.5 
467.6 
128.4 
590.2  
162.1 
Lease liabilities .......................................... 
629.6 
662.3 
615.1 
168.9 
485.7  
133.4  
Trade and other payables ............................ 
8,323.6 
8,116.3 
7,639.4 
2,098.0 
6,565.9  
1,803.1

--- Page 129 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022* 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Deferred income ......................................... 
1,264.4 
1,235.3 
1,396.7 
383.5 
1,341.7  
368.5  
Contract liabilities ...................................... 
46.7 
64.1 
53.4 
14.7 
66.5  
18.3 
Income tax and other tax related payables .. 
320.2 
720.9 
906.8 
249.0 
911.2  
250.2  
Provisions ................................................... 
575.4 
274.9 
261.9 
71.9 
341.8  
93.9  
Liabilities directly associated with assets 
held for sale ................................................ 
14,923.3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total current liabilities ............................ 
26,908.2 
15,291.3 
11,340.9 
3,114.4 
10,303.0 
2,829.5 
Total liabilities .......................................... 
50,949.2 
33,683.1 
27,634.1 
7,588.8 
25,513.9 
7,006.6 
Total equity and liabilities ....................... 
77,357.8 
61,839.5 
58,208.4 
15,984.8 
56,344.0 
15,472.8 
 
*The financial information for 2022 has been reclassified in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. See note 49 to the 2023 Financial 
Statements. 
 
Statement of Cash Flow Summary 
 
Year ended 31 December 
For the six-month period ended 
30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Cash flows from operating activities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax and other tax related 
fees ................................................................  
1,679.3 
3,326.7 
4,286.8 
1,177.2 
2,497.6 
2,605.2  
715.4 
Net cash generated from operating 
activities ........................................................  
7,975.2 
6,675.2 
8,361.2 
2,296.1 
3,035.1 
2,991.1  
 821.4 
Cash flows from investing activities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash used in investing activities ..............  
(2,949.8) 
(2,263.1) 
(2,978.7) 
(818.0) 
(1,557.9) 
(835.2) 
(229.3) 
Cash flows from financing activities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash used in financing activities .............  
(9,099.2) 
(4,054.8) 
(8,101.5) 
(2,224.8) 
(6,645.0) 
(2,244.8) 
(616.5) 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash 
equivalents ...................................................  
(4,073.8) 
357.3 
(2,719.0) 
(746.7) 
(5,167.8) 
(88.9) 
(24.4) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the 
beginning of the year ...................................  
14,609.5 
11,644.3 
12,423.4 
3,411.6 
12,423.4 
10,119.8  
2,779 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations ..............  
1,108.6 
421.7 
415.4 
114.1 
208.8 
161.5 
44.3 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of 
the period .....................................................  
11,644.3 
12,423.3 
10,119.8 
2,779.0 
7,464.4 
10,192.4 
2,798.9 
 
Certain Non-IFRS Financial Information 
The non-IFRS financial information of the Group set out in the two tables below has not been prepared 
in accordance with IFRS and is not subject to audit or review by the independent auditor.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Adjusted EBITDA(1) ...................................  
13,050.3 
9,374.9 
9,717.0 
2,668.4 
4,811.6 
5,113.6 
1,404.3 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA equals profit for the year adjusted for income tax and other tax related fees, depreciation and amortisation, net finance 
costs, impairment losses on goodwill and non-financial assets, royalty fees, and other income/(expenses) - net. Adjusted EBITDA is not a 
measure of profit for the year/period, operating performance or liquidity and is not recognised under IFRS. For a discussion of how the 
Group uses Adjusted EBITDA, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information". 
 
The following table shows the reconciliation of the Group's profit for the period to Adjusted EBITDA for 
the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2024. 
For a discussion of Adjusted EBITDA, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Non-
IFRS Measures—Adjusted EBITDA". 
 
Year ended 31 December 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2021* 
2022** 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Profit for the year/period ................................  
1,052.6 
2,760.9 
3,511.5 
964.3 
2,096.1 
2,154.1 
591.5 
Income taxes and other tax related fees ..........  
626.7 
565.8 
775.3 
212.9 
401.5 
451.1 
123.9 
Depreciation and amortisation ........................  
7,974.4 
4,565.3 
4,584.5 
1,258.9 
2,233.7 
2,201.0 
604.4

--- Page 130 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2021* 
2022** 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Finance costs…………………………… 
1,994.4 
1,032.4 
860.6 
236.3 
443.9 
401.2 
110.2 
Finance income ..............................................  
(190.1) 
(266.9) 
(325.5) 
(89.4) 
(137.9) 
(220.8) 
(60.6) 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-
financial assets ...............................................  
2,400.5 
193.3 
701.8 
192.7 
174.4 
4.9 
1.3 
Royalty fees ...................................................  
538.1 
249.3 
238.3 
65.5 
118.3 
115.3 
31.7 
Other (losses)/gains - net(2) .............................  
715.5 
 470.2 
42.0 
11.6 
104.5 
104.9 
28.8 
Gain on sale of towers 
(1,566.9) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other income(1) 
(494.9) 
(195.4) 
(671.5) 
(184.4) 
(622.9) 
(98.1) 
(26.9) 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) .....................................  
13,050.3 
9,374.9  
9,717.0 
2,668.4 
4,811.6 
5,113.6 
1,404.3 
 
*The financial information for 2022 has been reclassified in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. See Note 49 to the 2023 Financial 
Statements. 
**The financial information for 2021 has been reclassified in line with the revised presentation in the 2022 Financial Statements. See Note 49 to the 2022 Financial 
Statements. 
 Comprises Dividend income, rental income, and miscellaneous income – net. See Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
more information. 
 Comprises gain on sale of non-financial assets, changes in fair value of derivatives – net, unrealised gain on equity investment at FVTPL, 
foreign currency (loss)/gain. See Note 9 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Adjusted EBITDA equals profit for the year adjusted for income tax and other tax related fees. depreciation and amortisation, net finance 
costs, impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial assets, royalty fees, and other income/(expenses) - net. Adjusted EBITDA is 
not a measure of profit for the year/period, operating performance or liquidity and is not recognised under IFRS. For a discussion of how 
the Group uses Adjusted EBITDA, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information".

--- Page 131 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion of the Group's financial condition and results of operations should be read in 
conjunction with the information in "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information", "Business 
Description of the Group", the 2024 Interim Financial Information and the Consolidated Financial 
Statements appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should read the entire 
Base Prospectus and not rely solely on the information set out below. 
This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 
The Group's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking 
statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, particularly under the headings "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors". 
Overview 
The Group is an international telecommunications company operating across the Middle East, North 
Africa, and South Asia. It serves consumers and businesses in eight countries, delivering a broad range 
of content and services through its advanced data-centric mobile and fixed networks with a total customer 
base of approximately 49.7 million as at 30 June 2024. The Group's principal markets are in Qatar (where 
it operates through Ooredoo Qatar), Iraq (where it operates through Asiacell), Kuwait (where it operates 
through Ooredoo Kuwait), Oman (where it operates through Ooredoo Oman), and Algeria (where it 
operates through Ooredoo Algeria). Together, these five subsidiaries accounted for 86 per cent. (before 
intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2024 and 59 per cent. of the Group's consolidated total assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 30 
June 2024. The Group believes it has a geographically diverse mobile telecommunications business, with 
operations in relatively developed markets, such as Qatar, Oman and Kuwait and in markets with a 
potential for high growth, such as Iraq and Algeria. The Group also operates a number of other 
telecommunications businesses, which are complementary to its existing voice or mobile businesses, such 
as digital television services, wireless broadband services, fixed-line telecommunications services and 
corporate managed services including data centres. In addition, the Group operates in the fintech business 
in Qatar and the Maldives and is set to expand to Oman, Iraq, Kuwait, and Tunisia. Ooredoo Fintech 
(Ooredoo Finance Technology International, "OFTI") was established in 2023 as a holding company 
under which operating companies will be organised. Currently, Ooredoo Mobile Financial Services in 
Qatar operates under OFTI. In Qatar and the Maldives, Ooredoo Fintech is a significant and relevant 
component of the financial ecosystem. The main services offered are international remittance and salary 
disbursement. The Group previously operated in Myanmar, but in September 2022 announced the sale of 
its Myanmar business to Nine Communications Pte. Ltd., with the closing of the sale completed on 31 
May 2024. 
The Group has developed its mobile telecommunications businesses primarily by acquiring and 
developing mobile telecommunications operators with existing network infrastructures (Iraq, Algeria, 
Kuwait, Tunisia and Maldives in 2007 and Indonesia in 2008). The Group has also sought to expand its 
business by acquiring licences and developing new networks, for example, in Oman in 2005. Based on 
the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), it 
is one of the top two largest providers of mobile telecommunications services in most of its markets, 
including the key markets of Qatar, Iraq and Oman, as measured both by revenues and by the number of 
customers as at 31 December 2023. Wireless services, which are predominantly related to the Group's 
mobile telecommunications businesses, contribute the significant majority of the Group's consolidated 
revenue. 
The following table shows selected financial data for each of the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 
and 2023 and each of the six-month periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2024: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue .......................................................  
29,899.7 
22,698.2 
23,163.7 
6,361.0 
11,408.9 
11,796.5 
3,239.5 
Profit for the year/period. ..........................  
1,052.6 
2,760.9 
3,511.5 
964.3 
2,096.1 
2,154.1 
591.5

--- Page 132 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Shareholders of the parent ............................  
46.9 
2,360.2 
3,015.9 
828.2 
1,794.9 
1,871.5 
513.9 
Non-controlling interests ..............................  
1,005.7 
400.7 
495.6 
136.1 
301.2 
282.6 
77.6 
 
The following table shows selected other data for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 and 
the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2024: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Adjusted EBITDA(1) (QRm) .........................  
13,050.3 
9,374.9 
9,717.0 
2,668.4 
4,811.6 
5,113.6 
1,404.3 
Total number of customers (in thousands)(2) .  
121,352 
55,967 
57,590 
 
56,205 
49,680 
 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA equals profit for the year adjusted for income tax and other tax related fees, depreciation and amortisation, net finance 
costs, impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial assets, royalty fees, and other income/(expenses) re-net. Adjusted EBITDA 
is not a measure of profit for the year/period, operating performance or liquidity and is not recognised under IFRS. For a discussion of how 
the Group uses Adjusted EBITDA, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information" and for a reconciliation of profit for the period 
to Adjusted EBITDA, see "Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information of the Group". 
 Each of the Group's operating companies calculates the number of its customers differently. For a discussion of how the Group's operating 
companies calculate customer numbers, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information". Customer number data has not been 
audited or otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 
The table below provides certain information in relation to the Group's operations in its five principal 
markets of Qatar, Iraq, Kuwait, Algeria and Oman for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the six-
month period ended 30 June 2023 and 2024. 
 
Group 
Effective 
Shareholding 
in subsidiary 
as of 30 June 
Revenue for the year 
ended 31 
December(1) 
Revenue 
for the 
six 
months 
ended 30 
June 
Revenue 
for the six 
months 
ended 30 
June 
Percentage of 
Group's 
consolidated 
revenue for the 
year ended 31 
December(1) 
Percentage of 
Group's 
consolidated 
revenue for the 
six months 
ended 30 June(1) 
Number of 
customers as 
at 30 June 
Market 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(QRm) 
 
 
 
(thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Qatar 
100.0% 
7,286.4 
2,000.9 
3,765.8 
3,578.8 
32% 
33% 
30% 
2,971 
Iraq 
64.1% 
4,451.7 
1,222.5 
2,023.5 
2,486.4 
19% 
18% 
21% 
18,329 
Algeria 
74.4% 
2,462.2 
676.1 
1,170.3 
1,345.2 
11% 
10% 
11% 
13,729 
Oman 
55.0% 
2,453.2 
673.7 
1,229.6 
1,198.1 
11% 
11% 
10% 
2,901 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
2,913.9 
800.2 
1,459.9 
1,570.6 
13% 
13% 
13% 
2,871 
 
 Before intragroup eliminations. 
 
The Group's operations in these five principal markets generated QR10,179.1 million (U.S.$2,795.3 
million), or 86 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations), of the Group's consolidated revenue for the six-
month period ended 30 June 2024 and contributed 82 per cent. of its customers as at 30 June 2024. For 
information on the Group's operations in each of its markets, see Note 45 "Segment Information" to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Current Trading and Recent Developments  
On 24 September 2024, the Group announced a QR2 billion (U.S.$549.5 million) financing deal to 
accelerate the growth of its data centre and AI business, enabling a significant expansion of capacity and 
the modernisation of its data centres. The facility was signed on 25 July 2024 with QNB, Doha Bank, 
and Masraf Al Rayan. The borrower under the facility is MENA Digital Solutions Co. WLL, based in 
Qatar, which is 100% owned by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. It is an unsecured loan and there is no parent 
guarantee. The 10-year hybrid facility comprises commercial and Islamic tranches, with QR1 billion 
available for two years from the signing date and QR1 billion available for 9.5 years from the signing 
date. The Group intends to strategically allocate the funds to carve out existing data centre assets from 
its telecom operations, with a significant portion directed toward expanding capacity and upgrading 
infrastructure to support the growing demand for AI, cloud services, and hyperconnectivity in the MENA

--- Page 133 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
region. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no drawdown under the facility had been made. See 
"Business Description of the Group—Vision and Strategic Projects—Data Centres". 
Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Overview 
The Group generates most of its revenues from the provision of wireless mobile telecommunication 
services. The Group's mobile telecommunications services revenues are primarily affected by the number 
of mobile customers it has, churn and ARPU (average revenue per user), each of which varies across the 
markets in which the Group operates. Mobile customer growth in any particular market depends on a 
number of factors, including pricing, quality of service, availability of new services, the overall growth 
of the market, the level of competition to obtain new customers and retain existing ones and general 
economic conditions. The ability of each of the Group's operating companies to increase its mobile 
customer base also depends increasingly on its success in providing competitive services and attractive 
products, its ability to attract new mobile customers and to acquire existing customers from competitors 
and its success in reducing churn. ARPU is driven primarily by traffic volume, data services utilisation, 
interconnection rates and tariffs. Tariffs in turn are mainly driven by the competitive and the regulatory 
environments.  
Each of the Group's operating companies calculates its churn and ARPU differently and thus such data 
is not directly comparable. For a discussion of the methods by which the Group's mobile 
telecommunications operating companies calculate the number of their respective customers, churn and 
ARPU, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information", "—Churn" and "—ARPU". 
The Group also offers fixed-line telecommunications services in Qatar, Oman, Kuwait, Maldives and 
Tunisia. These services include direct exchange services in Qatar, international long-distance, television 
and fixed internet services. 
The following is a discussion of the most significant factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, 
the Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
Customer base 
The Group had approximately 49.7 million total customers from consolidated operations as at 30 June 
2024, a 12 per cent. decrease compared to approximately 56.2 million total customers as at 30 June 2023. 
This decrease was primarily attributable to the deconsolidation of the Myanmar business following the 
completion of the sale by the Group in May 2024. On a like-for-like basis, excluding the Myanmar 
business, the Group's total customer base increased by 4 per cent over the corresponding period. 
The table below shows mobile customer information in relation to the Group's principal mobile services 
markets. 
 
Number of Prepaid Mobile Customers 
Number of Postpaid Mobile Customers 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 
June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
 
 
(in thousands) 
 
Qatar(1) .......................................... 
2,072 
2,416 
1,840 
1,822 
786 
872 
830 
836 
Iraq ............................................... 
15,985 
17,094 
17,694 
18,329 
__(2) 
__(2) 
__(2) 
- 
Algeria .......................................... 
11,575 
11,754 
11,858 
11,591 
1,089 
1,105 
1,363 
1,982 
Oman ............................................ 
2,089 
2,127 
2,201 
2,026 
607 
751 
725 
718 
Kuwait .......................................... 
1,241 
1,467 
1,676 
1,738 
480 
515 
518 
506 
 
 The customer definition of Qatar Prepaid was changed in Q2 2023 to include 90-day active customers (was previously 365 days). 
 The Group offers limited postpaid services in Iraq. 
 
The number of its customers has been a significant factor affecting the Group's mobile 
telecommunications revenues during the years under review. The number and usage behaviour of new 
mobile customers in each market varies, depending in part on the pricing packages the Group offers in

--- Page 134 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
such markets during a particular period relative to those offered by its competitors. The number of mobile 
customers is also affected by regulatory decisions. 
Increased usage of internet-based services such as WhatsApp, Viber and Telegram, have led to a decrease 
in mobile voice services and increased mobile data consumption. Certain consumer mobile customers 
tend to have higher price sensitivity and are more likely to switch telecommunications operators based 
on price and promotional factors.  
Churn 
"Churn" refers to how the Group measures mobile customer disconnections. Customer disconnections 
can occur on a voluntary basis, when customers switch to competing telecommunications operators which 
can be caused by a number of factors, such as pricing, the availability of data and value-added service 
offerings and quality of service. Customer disconnections also occur when a customer decides that it no 
longer requires, or cannot afford, mobile telecommunications services, or through termination by the 
Group following non-payment by the relevant customer. 
Although the Group has generally experienced relatively stable churn in Qatar, the Group operates in 
some markets where churn is structurally high due to the relatively high percentage of prepaid customers 
compared to postpaid customers. Many of the Group's markets are also characterised by a high degree of 
multiple SIM ownership, whereby many customers own SIM cards from different operators and 
frequently switch between networks in order to take advantage of the lowest tariffs. Customers may 
switch to a competing carrier for a few hours or days or limit consumption to a restricted set of services 
on the network in order to optimise their monthly telephone bills. In order to optimise its share of revenues 
among these customers, the Group has emphasised its superior network quality, its attractive portfolio of 
services, and its superior value for money. It has also encouraged prepaid subscribers to move to postpaid 
plans. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – The sectors in which the Group competes are 
subject to rapid and significant changes in technology, and if the Group does not continue to provide 
telecommunications or related services that are useful and attractive to customers, it may not remain 
competitive, and its revenues, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected".  
As each of the Group's operating companies calculate churn differently, these figures are not directly 
comparable and thus the Group does not present in this Base Prospectus its churn rate on a consolidated 
basis. For a description of how the Group's four principal operations calculate churn, see "Presentation 
of Financial and Other Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data—Customers". 
ARPU 
In addition to customer numbers, the revenue generated by the Group's mobile telecommunications 
services is influenced by the amount of revenue generated by each of those customers. ARPU is the 
measure of total service revenues for a given period, divided by the number of months in that period and 
divided again by that period's average total customers. ARPU includes outgoing and incoming voice and 
data revenues and value-added services (such as digital content). In addition, blended ARPU is the 
weighted average of prepaid and postpaid customer ARPU's of wireless services. 
As each of the Group's operating companies calculate ARPU differently, these figures are not directly 
comparable and thus the Group does not present in this Base Prospectus its ARPU on a consolidated 
basis. For a description of how the Group's five principal operations calculate ARPU, see "Presentation 
of Financial and Other Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data—ARPU". 
Local currency depreciation 
The Group's ARPU (in Qatari Riyal terms) in certain markets and therefore its revenues (in Qatari Riyal 
terms) can be negatively impacted due to the depreciation of emerging market currencies (such as the 
Iraqi Dinar, the Algerian Dinar and the Tunisian Dinar) against the U.S. Dollar, and therefore the Qatari 
Riyal (the Group's reporting currency) which is currently fully pegged to the U.S. Dollar. Of all the 
markets where the Group operates, only Qatar and Oman have currencies that are currently pegged to the 
U.S. Dollar, and the Group's Iraqi, Algerian and Tunisian operations in particular are exposed to currency 
risk. However, the local currency depreciations can also have positive impact on the Group's operating 
expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses in the affected markets. See "Risk Factors – 
Risks Relating to the Group – The Group's business is subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates,

--- Page 135 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
which could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition or results of 
operations".  
Demographic, political and economic trends 
The Group's revenues are driven by overall market demand for mobile telecommunications services in 
the markets it serves, which is directly affected by a number of macroeconomic trends and consumer 
behaviour patterns. In particular, demand for the Group's services depends primarily on various 
demographic, political, and economic factors, all of which are outside its control, in particular population 
growth and GDP. The demographic, political, and economic dynamics affecting the Group's business 
vary across the markets in which it operates. In addition, some of these dynamics, such as population 
growth and GDP per capita, can differ significantly between individual countries within a region, 
impacting the number of customers and ARPU that the Group can attain in a particular market. 
These factors can vary significantly from period to period and from country to country and region to 
region, historically impacting the Group's results of operations. Future changes in these demographic and 
economic factors could have a material effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – Declines in international 
crude oil prices and natural gas could materially and adversely affect oil-revenue dependent economies". 
Competition in the markets in which the Group operates 
The Group faces intensifying competition in the markets in where it operates, from both existing 
competitors and new telecommunications services providers. This competition has led, in certain markets, 
to declines in the prices the Group is able to charge for its services and may lead to further price declines 
in the future. 
In Qatar, the Group has faced competition from Vodafone Qatar. In Iraq, Zain is the main competitor to 
Asiacell's operations; Ooredoo Algeria faces competition from Djezzy (owned by the Algerian state) and 
Mobilis (which is a subsidiary of the state-owned Groupe Télécom Algérie); Ooredoo Oman faces 
competition in the market from mobile virtual network operators; and in Kuwait, Zain and STC are the 
main competitors to Ooredoo Kuwait's operations. Competition from these companies has historically 
impacted the Group's tariffs in those markets due to increased promotional offers See "Risk Factors – 
Risks Relating to the Group – The Group may face increased competition from new entrants or 
established telecommunications operators in the markets in which it operates". 
Network development and maintenance 
The expansion of capacity in the Group's existing networks, the increase in coverage across the markets 
in which the Group operates, and improvements in network quality, have had a positive impact on the 
Group's revenues. The Group's strategy is to increase its capacity in targeted regions if it believes that 
there is or will be increased demand in that region for its telecommunications services. When the Group 
makes decisions with respect to capacity development it also considers whether the expansion in areas 
for which coverage is provided will have a significant impact on its ability to attract new customers, retain 
existing customers, and/or increase its share of revenues from its existing customers. The Group continues 
to make significant investments to upgrade its networks and improve its quality of service, including in 
connection with the rollout of 5G networks in certain markets. The Group has begun offering 5G services 
in Qatar, Kuwait, Oman and Maldives, and expects to incur some capital expenditures over the coming 
years to expand this to its other markets and to upgrade existing infrastructure and increase its network 
capacity to further support 5G-compatible devices and improve its quality of user experience. For a 
discussion of the Group's capital expenditures, see "—Cash Flow—Capital Expenditures" below.  
Royalties and fees  
Qatar 
In accordance with Decision of the Minister of Transport and Communications (currently 
Communications and IT) No. 25 of 2019 and CRA Decision No. 2 of 2021 issuing instructions for 
calculation and payment of license and industry fees (collectively "License and Industry Fees 
Decisions"), the Group is liable to pay to the CRA an annual industry fee of 12.5 per cent. on adjusted 
profit generated from Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s operations in Qatar, as well as a licence fee of 1.5 per cent. of 
revenues.

--- Page 136 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Iraq 
In accordance with the terms of the licence granted to Asiacell by the CMC to provide mobile 
telecommunications services in Iraq, under its current licence, Asiacell was required to pay a licence fee 
to the CMC, of 1.5 per cent. as well as a regulatory fee of 18.0 per cent. of its gross revenues, reduced to 
15.0 per cent, provided that the level of Iraqi participation in Asiacell remains at 51.0 per cent. or above. 
There is ongoing dispute between the CMC and Asiacell as to whether Asiacell is a domestic company 
under Iraqi law and therefore is able to benefit from the lower fee rate (see "Business Description of the 
Group⎯Litigation⎯ Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee"). 
In addition, the CMC has issued letters to Asiacell and other mobile telecommunications operators in Iraq 
requesting them to hold 1.5 per cent. of their gross revenues (excluding local interconnection cost) as a 
universal services fee (see "Business Description of the Group⎯Litigation⎯ Proceedings against 
Asiacell relating to universal services fee"). 
On 14 February 2021, Asiacell executed an annex to its existing licence with the CMC to renew its licence 
until 30 August 2027, with the right to renew such license for an additional three years, provided that 
both parties agree to such renewal. The terms of such renewal required Asiacell to pay to the CMC a 
renewal fee of U.S.$233.7 million and all disputed amounts with the CMC. See "Business Description of 
the Group's Principal Operations – Iraq - Regulation". 
Kuwait 
Contributions by Ooredoo Kuwait to the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences, National 
Labour Support Tax and Zakat are recognised as expenses in the period during which Ooredoo Kuwait's 
contribution is legally required. Ooredoo Kuwait is also required to pay various additional fees to the 
Government of Kuwait and/or the local regulator in respect of various operational aspects of its business, 
including number range fees, spectrum fees utilisation, sub-ISP licences and others. 
Algeria 
In Algeria, mobile network operators are subject to several regulatory fees and other taxes based on their 
revenue. These include a contribution of 3 per cent. of turnover to the Universal Service Fund (USF), 
which supports the expansion of telecommunications services in underserved areas; 0.5 per cent. of 
turnover as an annual regulatory fee, 1.5 per cent. of relevant turnover related to SIM activity distributors, 
0.3 per cent. of turnover for research and normalization efforts within the telecom sector, and 0.2 per 
cent. of turnover for the allocation and management of numbering resources. Operators are also subject 
to an annual spectrum fee (radio & microwave), fees per base station, and authorization fees for GPS and 
IPS. For example, in accordance with the terms of Executive Decree 16-236, issued 4 September 2016, 
granting the mobile 4G licence to Ooredoo Algeria, a VAT free financial consideration consisting of two 
parts is due to the Algerian public treasury: a fixed part amounting to 3 billion Algerian Dinars (payable 
within 20 days of the issuance of the 4G licence) and a variable part equal to 1 per cent. of the operator's 
sales generated by 4G Network services (payable annually by 31 December of the following year). 
Similarly, in accordance with the terms of Executive Decree 13-406, issued 2 December 2013, granting 
the mobile 3G licence to Ooredoo Algeria, a VAT free financial consideration consisting of two parts is 
due to the Algerian public treasury: a fixed part amounting to 5 billion Algerian Dinars (payable within 
20 days of the issuance of the 3G licence) and a variable part equal to 1 per cent. of the operator's sales 
generated by 3G Network services (payable annually by 31 December of the following year). In 
accordance with current legislation, regulations, and pursuant to the specifications applicable to the 
license obtained by Ooredoo Algeria, the licensee is subject to the payment of fees relating to the 
assignment, management and control of frequencies. The amount of these fees may be revised in 
accordance with the provisions of the applicable specifications and in compliance with the principles of 
equality between operators in the sector and without discrimination. 
Oman 
In accordance with the terms of the mobile and fixed line licenses granted to Ooredoo Oman, a royalty is 
payable to the Government of the Sultanate of Oman calculated based on percentages of the net of pre-
defined sources of revenue and interconnection expenses to local operators, currently 12 per cent. for 
mobile licences and 10 per cent. for fixed licences. These rates are applied on the net of predefined

--- Page 137 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
sources of revenue and expenses as per the Omani Telecommunications Regulatory Authority guidelines, 
the latest of which were issued on 29 December 2020. 
Potential developments 
The volatility in oil and energy prices over the past decade has prompted the governments of GCC 
countries to seek to increase non-oil related revenues to offset budget deficits. This may result in actions 
such as increasing direct or indirect taxes (including, but not limited to, VAT), fees or royalties payable 
by companies like Ooredoo. 
International acquisitions, expansion and consolidation 
The acquisition of existing telecommunications providers has been a significant driver of the Group's 
growth in its operations in the past, although the Group has not made any significant acquisitions during 
the periods under review. Generally, the Group's acquisition strategy has involved identifying and 
acquiring assets, either in the form of companies with existing networks or licences to operate a network, 
in target markets and then investing to increase their efficiency and improve both coverage and capacity. 
Although acquisitions of companies with existing networks generally allow for the rapid expansion of 
capacity and immediate generation of cash flow, they often require a greater capital investment than 
would typically be necessary to achieve organic growth. In addition, acquisitions involve risks inherent 
in identifying and assessing the value, strengths and weaknesses of acquisition targets, as well as the 
potential for significant integration and efficiency improvement costs. Significant capital expenditures 
and risks are also involved when the Group acquires a licence to operate and is required to build its own 
network, as it did, for example, in Myanmar in 2014 after successfully acquiring a foreign operator's 
licence in 2013. 
In addition, although liberalisation of the telecommunications markets provides an opportunity for the 
Group to expand into new markets, it also exposes the Group and its operating companies to greater levels 
of competition, which could have a negative impact on the Group's profitability, particularly in light of 
the relatively higher levels of profit margin experienced by the Group's Qatari operations compared to its 
operations outside Qatar. For example, for the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's Qatari 
operations (on a standalone basis) generated revenue and profit before tax of QR7,286.4 million 
(U.S.$2,000.9 million) and QR2,417.1 million (U.S.$663.8 million), respectively, reflecting a profit 
margin of 33 per cent., compared to revenue of QR15,877.3 million (U.S.$4,360.1 million) and profit 
before tax of QR1,869.7 million (U.S.$513.4 million), respectively, for the Group's operations outside 
Qatar, reflecting a profit margin of 12 per cent. 
As part of Ooredoo's corporate strategy, the Group regularly reviews its strategic priorities and market 
position across all of its operations and their contribution to the Group. The Group is currently focused 
on extracting value and leveraging synergies from its past acquisitions and optimizing its current 
portfolio, rather than expanding its portfolio. It will however continue to consider and review potential 
acquisition targets, including infrastructure acquisitions if and when they present themselves and are 
EBITDA or value accretive, as a strategic means of entering new markets within the regions in which it 
operates, increasing its customer numbers and expanding its capacity. In addition, the Group may also 
consider any opportunities in adjacent business, in infrastructure spin-offs and/or in-country 
consolidation in the markets in which it currently operates. 
In 2022, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and CK Hutchison Holdings Limited announced the completion of the merger 
of their respective telecommunications businesses in Indonesia, PT Indosat Tbk and PT Hutchison 3 
Indonesia. Indosat Ooredoo Hutchison ("IOH") is jointly controlled by the Group and CK Hutchinson, 
each with a 32.8 per cent. shareholding. 
In September 2022, the Group announced the sale of its telecom business in Myanmar to Nine 
Communications Pte. Ltd. The closing of the sale was completed on 31 May 2024.  
On 5 December 2023, the Group announced the signing of definitive agreements between the Group, 
Zain Group and TASC Towers Holding to create the largest tower company in the MENA region, in a 
cash and share deal. Ooredoo and Zain will equally retain a substantial stake of 49.3 per cent. each in the 
newly restructured entity, through an asset and cash equalisation process. The founders of TASC will

--- Page 138 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
retain the remaining shareholding, through Digital Infrastructure Assets LLP, and will continue to 
manage the operations of the business. 
Digitalisation 
The Group is increasingly focused on strengthening its core capabilities to drive a successful "digital 
transformation", comprising a change in capabilities, channel mix, customer journeys, simplification of 
products and services portfolio, go-to-market, way of work, competences, and culture. Pursuant to this 
strategy, the Group is focused in its core business on strengthening its digital marketing, digital sales and 
digital 
customer 
care. 
See 
"Business 
Description 
of 
the 
Group—Telecommunications 
Operations⎯Marketing 
and 
Distribution" 
and 
"Business 
Description 
of 
the 
Group—
Telecommunications Operations⎯Customer Relationship Management".  
The Group has also been growing its offering of digital services supplementary to its core business in the 
past years, including mobile games, music, video on demand, sports updates, news alerts and 
infotainment in the consumer market as well as digital services for business customers such as 
productivity software packages, storage solutions, billing or messaging solutions. In some markets the 
Group offers more advanced services than in others depending on partner availability for the respective 
market.. The Group expects that such offerings sourced from partners will be an increasingly important 
part of its business and is also investing into this area with strategic initiatives, such as a comprehensive 
API program designed to provide carrier capabilities for the wholesale market, or platform businesses 
that serve as an exposure layer for partner services. 
Results of operations 
Comparison of the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 with the six-month period ended 
30 June 2023 
The following tables sets forth selected consolidated statement of profit or loss data of the Group for each 
of the six-month periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2024 
 
For the six month period ended 30 June 
 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
Revenue .................................................................................  
11,408.9 
11,796.5 
3,239.5 
Other income ..........................................................................  
622.9  
98.1  
26.9  
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses ..............  
(5,235.7) 
(5,385.8) 
(1,479.0) 
Royalty fees ............................................................................  
(118.3) 
(115.3) 
(31.7) 
Employee salaries and associated costs ..................................  
(1,315.0) 
(1,366.8) 
(375.3) 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................  
(2,233.7) 
(2,201.0) 
(604.4) 
Finance costs ..........................................................................  
(443.9) 
(401.2) 
(110.2) 
Finance income ......................................................................  
137.9  
220.8  
60.6  
Share of net profit of associates and joint ventures .................  
182.0  
196.8  
54.0  
Impairment losses on financial assets .....................................  
(228.6) 
(127.1) 
(34.9) 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial assets  
(174.4) 
(4.9) 
(1.3) 
Other gains/(losses) – net .......................................................  
(104.5) 
(104.9) 
(28.8) 
Profit before income tax and other tax related fees 
2,497.6  
2,605.2  
715.4  
Income tax and other tax related fees .....................................  
(401.5) 
(451.1) 
(123.9) 
Profit for the period 
2,096.1  
2,154.1  
591.5  
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent ......................................................  
1,794.9  
1,871.5  
513.9  
Non-controlling interests ....................................................... . 
301.2  
282.6  
77.6  
 
Revenue 
The Group derives most of its revenue (more than 70 per cent. in the six months ended 30 June 2024) 
from providing mobile telecommunications services to its customers. It provides such services in each of 
the markets in which it operates. Mobile telecommunications services revenue principally arises from 
initial connection fees, prepaid cards, monthly subscription fees and airtime usage fees, as well as

--- Page 139 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
interconnection fees and roaming fees. The Group also generates revenues from providing internet 
services, international gateway services and other miscellaneous services. 
The Group's revenue for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 was QR11,796.5 million (U.S.$3,239.5 
million) compared to QR11,408.9 million (U.S.$3,133.0 million) for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2023, an increase of 3.4 per cent (QR387.6 million). This increase in revenues was due to the solid 
operational performance and continued commercial momentum in Iraq, Algeria, Kuwait, Tunisia and the 
Maldives.  
Analysis of the Group's principal geographic markets: The following table sets forth the Group's revenue 
for the six-month periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2024, together with ARPU and customer numbers as 
at 30 June 2024 from each of its principal geographic markets, as well as for the Group itself. 
 
 Before intragroup eliminations. 
 For the three months ended 30 June 2024 blended ARPU is calculated based on a weighted average of postpaid and prepaid customers for 
wireless services. ARPU, with respect to the five operations presented, is calculated on different bases and is thus not directly comparable. 
For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Industry, Market and Customer 
Data—ARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 As at 30 June 2024, inclusive of wireless and wireline customers. The customer data has not been audited or otherwise reviewed by external 
auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 Includes all Group markets, not limited to those listed above. 
 The Group does not calculate ARPU on a consolidated basis. 
 
Revenues for the Group's operations in Qatar decreased by 5 per cent. for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2024 compared to the six-month period ended 30 June 2023. The six-month period 30 June 2023 
included revenue from data centres, FIFA 2022 contracts for business-to-business ("B2B") services and 
one-off project revenue. Normalizing for these items, revenue was 1 per cent. below prior year due to 
lower mobile services, fixed services and device revenue.  
Revenues for the Group's operations in Iraq increased by 23 per cent. for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2024 compared to the six-month period ended 30 June 2023. This increase was primarily due to 
customer additions and an increased adoption of data services leading to a stronger performance in the 
data segment. 
Revenues for the Group's operations in Kuwait increased by 8 per cent. for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2024 compared to the six-month period ended 30 June 2023. Service revenue continued to grow 
due to increased usage in data and digital. 
Revenues for the Group's operations in Algeria increased by 15 per cent. for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2024 compared to the six-month period ended 30 June 2023. This increase was primarily from 
higher data and digital revenue supported by the high-quality network.  
Revenues for the Group's operations in Oman decreased by 3 per cent. for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2024 compared to the six-month period ended 30 June 2023. Competitive intensity in the mobile 
segment remained elevated placing pressure on Ooredoo Oman's mobile service revenue. 
 
Revenue for the six months ended 30 June(1) 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
2023 
2024 
2024 
ARPU 
(blended)(2) 
Customer 
numbers(3) 
 
(QRm) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
(QRm) 
(QRm) 
 
(U.S.$m) 
 
(thousands) 
Qatar ....................................................  
3,765.8 
3,578.8 
982.8 
101.1 
2,971 
Iraq ......................................................  
2,023.5 
2,486.4 
682.8 
22.8 
18,329 
Kuwait .................................................  
1,459.9 
1,570.6 
431.3 
61.6 
2,871 
Algeria .................................................  
1,170.3 
1,345.2 
369.4 
16.7 
13,729 
Oman ...................................................  
1,229.6 
1,198.1 
329.0 
38.1 
2,901 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Group(4) ....................................  
11,408.9 
11,796.5 
3,239.5 
—(5) 
49,680

--- Page 140 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Other Income 
Other income comprises of dividend income, rental income and other miscellaneous income. Other 
income for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 was QR98.1 million (U.S.$26.9 million), a decrease 
of 84 per cent. compared to QR622.9 million (U.S.$171.1 million) for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2023. The decrease in other income in 2024 was mainly due to one-off income from Kuwait for 
winning a court case of QR510 million in 2023. 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses mainly comprised of outpayments, interconnection 
charges (to other operators in the same markets), cost of equipment sold, network operation and 
maintenance, rental and utilities, regulatory and related fees. Network, interconnect and other operating 
expenses for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 were QR5,385.8 million (U.S.$1,479 million) as 
compared to QR5,235.7 million (U.S.$1,437.8million) for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, an 
increase of 2.9 per cent. (QR150.1 million), mainly from Asiacell (due to increase in network, operation 
and maintenance and regulatory and related fees), Kuwait (due to increase of cost of equipment sold and 
other services), Algeria (due to increase of cost of equipment sold and other services, regulatory and 
related fees and commission on cards), offset by a decrease in Qatar (on account of outpayment and 
interconnect charges) and Myanmar (outpayment and interconnect charges and network operation and 
maintenance).  
Royalty fees 
Royalty fees reflect amounts payable based on revenue in connection with the terms and conditions of 
the Group's licence to operate in Oman. Royalty fees for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 were 
QR115.3 million (U.S.$31.7 million) as compared to QR118.3 million (U.S.$32.5 million) for the six-
month period ended 30 June 2023, a decrease of 2.5 per cent. and are in line with the movements in 
revenue. 
Employee salaries and associated costs 
Employee salaries and associated cost includes salaries and end of service benefits. Employee salaries 
and associated costs for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 were QR1,366.8 million (U.S.$375.3 
million) as compared to QR1,315.0 million (U.S.$361.1 million) for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2023, an increase of 3.9 per cent. mainly due to higher payroll cost from Asiacell, Qatar and Algeria. 
Depreciation and Amortization 
In the six-month period ended 30 June 2024, depreciation and amortisation was QR2,201.0 million 
(U.S.$604.4 million) compared to QR2,233.7 million (U.S.$613.4 million) for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2023, a decrease of 1.5 per cent (QR32.7 million) mainly from Myanmar and Oman 
primarily on account of Property, plant and equipment depreciation offset by increase in Asiacell and 
Algeria on account of Property, plant and equipment and right of use asset depreciation. 
Finance costs 
Finance costs consist of interest on the Group's debt. Finance costs for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2024 were QR401.2 million (U.S.$110.2 million) as compared to QR443.9 million (U.S.$121.9 
million) for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, a decrease of 9.6 per cent (QR42.7 million) driven 
mainly by decrease in Qatar on account of reduced borrowings and Myanmar. The majority of the Group's 
consolidated debt is owed by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (which includes debt held by the Issuer) For a discussion 
of the Group's liquidity and capital resources, see "—Liquidity and Capital Resources". 
Finance Income 
Finance income consist of interest income earned during the period. Finance income for the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2024 were QR220.8 million (U.S.$60.6 million) as compared to QR137.9 million 
(U.S.$37.9 million) for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, an increase of 60.1 per cent (QR82.9 
million) driven mainly by Qatar on account of higher cash balance and increased deposit rates.

--- Page 141 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Impairment losses on financial assets 
For the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 the Group recognised impairment loss provision on 
financial assets of QR127.1 million (U.S.$34.9 million) compared to QR228.6 million (U.S.$62.8 
million) for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023. The decrease of 44.4 per cent (QR101.5 million) 
in impairment losses on financial assets was primarily on account of one-off provisions recorded in 2023. 
Impairment losses on Goodwill and other non-financial assets 
For the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 the Group recognised impairment losses on Goodwill and 
other non-financial assets of QR4.9 million (U.S.$1.3 million) compared to QR174.4 million (U.S.$47.8 
million) for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023. The decrease of 97.2 per cent (QR169.5 million) 
was primarily due to impairment losses recorded in 2023 for the investments in Ooredoo Tunisia and 
Asia Mobile Holdings Pte Ltd.  
Profit for the period 
As a result of the factors described above, net profit for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 was 
QR2,154.1 million (U.S.$591.5 million), as compared to QR2,096.1 million (U.S.$575.6 million), for the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2023, an increase of 2.8 per cent.  
During the six-month periods under review, Ooredoo's operations in Qatar were more profitable than the 
Group's operations outside Qatar. Profit before tax as a percentage of revenue from Ooredoo's operations 
in Qatar was 32 per cent. and 37 per cent. (after intragroup eliminations) for the six-month periods ended 
30 June 2023 and 2024, respectively, compared to 17 per cent. and 15 per cent. (after intragroup 
eliminations), respectively, for the Group's operations outside Qatar taken as a whole. For a breakdown 
of segment revenue and profitability, see Note 43 "Segment Information" to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.  
Comparison of the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 
The following tables sets forth selected consolidated income statement data of the Group for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2022* 
2023 
2023 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
Revenue .................................................................................. 
29,899.7 
22,698.2 
23,163.7 
6,361.0 
Other income .......................................................................... 
494.9 
195.4 
671.5 
184.4 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses .............. 
(13,486.4) 
(10,621.0) 
(10,762.3) 
(2,955.4) 
Royalty fees ............................................................................ 
(538.1) 
(249.3) 
(238.3) 
(65.5) 
Employee salaries and associated costs .................................. 
(3,213.1) 
(2,932.0) 
(2,650.5) 
(727.9) 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................ 
(7,974.4) 
(4,565.3) 
(4,584.5) 
(1,258.9) 
Finance costs .......................................................................... 
(1,994.4) 
(1,032.4) 
(860.6) 
(236.3) 
Finance income ...................................................................... 
190.1 
266.9 
325.5 
89.4 
Share of net profit of associates and joint ventures ................. 
80.5 
422.2 
397.7 
109.2 
Impairment losses on financial assets ..................................... 
(230.4) 
(192.5) 
(431.6) 
(118.5) 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial 
assets ...................................................................................... 
(2,400.5) 
(193.3) 
(701.8) 
(192.7) 
Gain on sale of towers 
1,566.9 
- 
- 
- 
Other gains/(losses) - net ........................................................ 
(715.5) 
(470.2) 
(42.0) 
(11.6) 
Profit before income tax and other tax related fees ................. 
1,679.3 
3,326.7 
4,286.8 
1,177.2 
Income tax and other tax related fees ..................................... 
(626.7) 
(565.8) 
(775.3) 
(212.9) 
Profit for the year ................................................................... 
1,052.6 
2,760.9 
3,511.5 
964.3 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent ...................................................... 
46.9 
2,360.2 
3,015.9 
828.2 
Non-controlling interests ........................................................ 
1,005.7 
400.7 
495.6 
136.1 
 
*The financial information for 2022 has been reclassified in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. See Note 49 to 
the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 142 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Revenue 
The Group's revenue for the year ended 31 December 2023 was QR23,163.7 million (U.S.$6,361.0 
million) compared to QR22,698.2 million (U.S.$6,233.2 million) for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
an increase of 2 per cent. The increase in revenue in 2023 compared to 2022 was driven by sustained 
growth in Iraq, Algeria, Kuwait, and Maldives. This was partially offset by a decline in Revenue in Qatar 
and Tunisia as well as in Myanmar and Palestine (due to currency depreciation). 
Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022 decreased by 24 per cent QR7,201.5m (U.S.$1,977.6 
million) from QR29,899.7 million (U.S.$8,210.8 million) for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
The decrease in revenue in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the deconsolidation of operations 
in Indonesia. Due to the merger of Indosat Ooredoo and Hutchison in Indonesia as of 4 January 2022, the 
accounting treatment of Ooredoo's previous largest international operation has been changed. IOH's 
revenue, Adjusted EBITDA, customers, and capex are no longer consolidated, as the operation is now 
classified as a "joint venture company." Excluding the effect of the deconsolidation, revenue for the full 
year ended 31 December 2022 would have risen by 4 per cent. to QR22.7 billion, compared to QR21.9 
billion in 2021. 
Analysis of the Group's principal geographic markets: The following table sets forth the Group's revenue 
for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, together with ARPU and customer numbers as at 
31 December 2023 from each of its principal geographic markets, as well as for the Group itself. 
 
Revenue for the year ended 31 December(1) 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
ARPU 
(blended)(2) 
Customer 
numbers(3) 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QR) 
(thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Qatar ............................................. 
7,464 
7,960 
7,286 
2,000.9 
104.0 
2,991 
Iraq ............................................... 
3,657 
3,674 
4,452 
1,222.5 
24.8 
17,694 
Kuwait .......................................... 
2,540 
2,809 
2,914 
800.2 
60.8 
2,847 
Algeria .......................................... 
2,275 
2,222 
2,462 
676.1 
16.4 
13,371 
Oman ............................................ 
2,325 
2,443 
2,453 
673.7 
38.4 
3,085 
Total Group(4) ............................... 
29,899.7 
22,698.2 
23,163.7 
6,361 
—(5) 
57,590 
 
 Before intragroup eliminations. 
 For the three months ended 31 December 2023. Blended ARPU is calculated based on a weighted average of postpaid and prepaid 
customers for wireless services. ARPU, with respect to the four operations presented, is calculated on different bases and is thus not directly 
comparable. For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Industry, Market and 
Customer Data—ARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 As at 31 December 2023, inclusive of wireless and wireline customers. The customer data has not been audited or otherwise reviewed by 
external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 Includes all Group markets, not limited to those listed above. 
 The Group does not calculate ARPU on a consolidated basis. 
 
Revenues for the Group's operations in Qatar decreased by 8 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2023 compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 as 2022 was bolstered by the World Cup. On a like-
for-like basis, excluding the FIFA impact, revenue remained flat. 31 December 2022 represented an 
increase in revenues of 7 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2021, this was driven by 
growth in postpaid services, Ooredoo TV, corporate managed services and the World Cup. Adjusted 
EBITDA however saw a 1 per cent. drop mainly because of FIFA World Cup sponsorships.  
Revenues for the Group's operations in Iraq increased by 21 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2023 compared to the year ended 31 December 2022, which itself represented an increase in revenues of 
0.5 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2021. These increases in revenue were primarily 
supported by higher data revenue. 
Revenue for the Group's operations in Kuwait increased by 4 per cent for the year ended 31 December 
2023 compared to the year ended 31 December 2022, which itself represented an increase in revenues of 
11 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. These increases in revenue were primarily 
supported by higher service revenue (in voice and data).

--- Page 143 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Revenue for the Group's operations in Algeria increased by 11 per cent for the year ended 31 December 
2023 compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 supported by higher data revenue driven by a rise 
in data usage. The appreciation of the Algerian Dinar by 5 per cent. against the Qatari Riyal also 
contributed to the increase in revenue., 31 December 2022 represented a decrease in revenues of 2 per 
cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2021, due to foreign exchange depreciation. In Algerian 
Dinar, Revenue increased by 3 per cent.  
Revenues for the Group's operations in Oman remained flat for the year ended 31 December 2023 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 mainly due to lower mobile prepaid, wholesale business 
and fixed revenues as the competitive environment in Oman intensified in the year. 
Other Income 
Other income for the year ended 31 December 2023 was QR671.5 million (U.S.$184.4 million), an 
increase of 244 per cent (QR476.1 million) compared to QR195.4 million (U.S.$53.7 million) for the 
year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in other income in 2023 was mainly due to Kuwait for 
winning a court case of QR510 million in 2023.  
Other income for the year ended 31 December 2022 decreased by QR299.5 million (U.S.$82.2 million) 
compared to year ended 31 December 2021. The decrease in other income in 2022 was primarily due to 
reduction in dividend income, rental income and lower miscellaneous income primarily coming from 
Asiacell and Indosat Ooredoo (which is no longer consolidated in 2022). 
Royalty fees 
Royalty fees reflect amounts payable based on revenue in connection with the terms and conditions of 
the Group's licence to operate in Oman. Royalty fees for the year ended 31 December 2023 were QR238.3 
million (U.S.$65.4 million) as compared to QR249.3 million (U.S.$68.5 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2022, a decrease of 4 per cent.  
Royalty fees for the year ended 31 December 2021 were QR538.1 million (U.S.$147.8 million). 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2023 were 
QR10,762.3 million (U.S.$2,955.4 million) as compared to QR10,621 million (U.S.$2,916.7 million) for 
the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of 1 per cent (QR141.3 million), mainly from Asiacell 
(due to increase in network operation and maintenance cost and regulatory & related fees), Oman (due to 
increase in interconnect, roaming and acquisition costs), Ooredoo Tunisia (mainly due to higher 
commissions and interconnect costs) offset by Qatar (due to decrease of interconnect, marketing and 
sponsorships). 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2022 decreased by 
21 per cent (QR2,865.4 million (U.S.$786.8 million)) from QR13,486.4 million (U.S.$3,703.5 million) 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 mainly due to Indosat Ooredoo (which is no longer consolidated), 
offset by increase in Qatar (due to higher commissions) and Asiacell (due to increase in network 
maintenance costs) 
Employee salaries and associated costs 
Employee salaries and associated cost for the year ended 31 December 2023 were QR2,650.5 million 
(U.S.$727.9 million) as compared to QR2,932 million (U.S.$805.2 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2022, a decrease of 10 per cent (QR281.5 million) on account of decrease in payroll cost 
mainly Qatar, Algeria, Kuwait and Oman. 
Employee salaries and associated cost for the year ended 31 December 2022 decreased by 9 per cent i.e. 
(QR281.1 million) (U.S.$77.2 million) from QR3,213.1 million (U.S.$882.4 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2021 mainly due to Indosat Ooredoo (which is no longer consolidated) offset by increase 
in payroll cost mainly in Qatar, Algeria and Oman.

--- Page 144 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
Depreciation and Amortization 
Depreciation and Amortization for the year ended 31 December 2023 was QR4,584.5 million 
(U.S.$1,258.9 million) as compared to QR4,565.3 million (U.S.$1,253.7 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2022, a minimal increase of 0.4 per cent. (QR19.2 million) mainly from Qatar, Asiacell 
and Algeria (primarily on account of increase in property, plant and equipment and right of use asset 
depreciation) offset by decrease in depreciation on account of property, plant and equipment in Myanmar. 
Depreciation and Amortization for the year ended 31 December 2022 decreased by 43 per cent 
(QR3,409.1 million (U.S.$936.2 million)) from QR7,974.4 million (U.S.$2,189.9 million) for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 mainly due Indosat Ooredoo (which is no longer consolidated) and Myanmar 
(primarily on account of reduction in depreciation and amortization on Property, plant and equipment 
and Intangibles). 
Finance costs 
Finance costs for the year ended 31 December 2023 were QR860.6 million (U.S.$236.3 million) as 
compared to QR1,032.4 million (U.S.$283.5 million) for the year ended 31 December 2022, a decrease 
of 17 per cent (QR171.8 million). Finance costs for the year ended 31 December 2022 decreased by 48 
per cent from QR1,994.4 million (U.S.$547.7 million) for the year ended 31 December 2021. The 
decrease in 2023 is driven mainly by decrease in Qatar on account of reduced borrowings. The decrease 
in 2022 is mainly on account of Indosat Ooredoo (which is no longer consolidated) and Myanmar. The 
majority of the Group's consolidated debt is owed by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (which includes debt held by the 
Issuer) For a discussion of the Group's liquidity and capital resources, see "—Liquidity and Capital 
Resources". 
Finance Income 
Finance income for the year ended 31 December 2023 were QR325.5 million (U.S.$89.4 million) as 
compared to QR266.9 million (U.S.$73.3 million) for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of 
22 per cent (QR58.6 million). Finance income for the year ended 31 December 2022 increased by 40 
per cent from QR190.1 million (U.S.$52.2 million) for the year ended 31 December 2021 to QR266.9 
million (U.S.$73.3 million). The increase in both of the years is driven mainly by Qatar on account of 
higher cash balance and increased deposit rates.  
Impairment losses on Goodwill and other non-financial assets 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised impairment losses on goodwill and other 
non-financial assets of QR701.8 million (U.S.$192.7 million) compared to QR193.3 million (U.S.$53.1 
million) for the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase of 263 per cent. (QR508.5 million) is due to 
impairment losses recorded in 2023 for the investments in Ooredoo Tunisia and Asia Mobile Holdings 
Pte Ltd. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised impairment losses on goodwill and other 
non-financial assets of QR193.3 million (U.S.$53.1 million) in comparison to QR2,400.5 million 
(U.S.$659.2 million) for the year ended 31 December 2021. The decrease of 92 per cent. (QR2,207.2 
million (U.S.$606.1 million)) was primarily due to Impairment losses recognised in Myanmar in 2021. 
Gain on Sale of Towers 
Gain on sale of Tower was a one-off gain of QR1,566.9 million (U.S.$430.3 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2021 on the sale of 4,247 telecommunication towers by Indosat Ooredoo. 
Other Gains / (losses) - Net 
Other Gains / (losses) – net for the year ended 31 December 2023 were an expense of QR42.0 million 
(U.S.$11.6 million), a decrease of 91 per cent (QR428.2 million) compared to an expense of QR470.2 
million (U.S.$129.1 million) for the year ended 31 December 2022. The decrease in other gains / (losses) 
in 2023 is due to gain on sale of investment in Meeza and subsequent increase in fair value for the 
remaining 10 per cent. interest in Meeza and lower foreign currency losses from Myanmar which were 
partially offset by foreign currency gain in Asiacell in 2023.

--- Page 145 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Other Gains / (losses) - net for the year ended 31 December 2022 decreased by QR245.4 million 
(U.S.$67.3 million) from an expense of QR715.6 million (U.S.$196.5 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2021. The decrease of QR245.4 million in other gains / (losses) in 2022 in comparison to 
2021 was primarily driven by lower foreign exchange losses due to Myanmar. 
Profit for the year 
As a result of the factors described above, net profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 was QR3,511.5 
million (U.S.$964.3 million), as compared to QR2,760.9 million (U.S.$758.2 million), for the year ended 
31 December 2022, an increase of 27 per cent. Profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 increased by 
162 per cent. from QR1,052.6 million (U.S.$289.1 million) for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
During the years under review, Ooredoo's operations in Qatar were more profitable than the Group's 
operations outside Qatar. Profit before tax as a percentage of revenue from Ooredoo's operations in Qatar 
was 27 per cent., 30 per cent. and 33 per cent. (after intragroup eliminations) for the years ended 
31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, compared to (1) per cent., 6 per cent. and 12 per cent. 
(after intragroup eliminations), respectively, for the Group's operations outside Qatar taken as a whole. 
For a breakdown of segment revenue and profitability, see Note 43 "Segment Information" to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
Historically, the Group's principal sources of funding have been cash flow from operations, borrowings 
under loan facilities and bond issuances. The Group has used cash generated from operating activities 
and borrowings to fund its operating costs and capital expenditures. See "—Loans and Borrowings" for 
a description of the Group's loans and borrowings. 
Cash Flow 
The following table sets forth certain information about the Group's consolidated cash flows for each of 
the years ended 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 and for each of the six-month periods ending 30 June 
2023 and 2024: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
(QRm) 
 
(U.S.$m) 
Cash flows from operating activities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax and other tax 
related fees ...............................................  
1,679.3 
3,326.7 
4,286.8 
1,177.2 
2,497.6 
2,605.2 
715.4 
Net cash generated from operating 
activities ...................................................  
7,975.2 
6,675.2 
8,361.2 
2,296.1 
3,035.1 
2,991.1 
821.4 
Cash flows from investing activities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash used in investing activities .........  
(2,949.8) 
(2,263.1) 
(2,978.7) 
(818.0) 
(1,557.9) 
(835.2) 
(229.3) 
Cash flows from financing activities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash used in financing activities .........  
(9,099.2) 
(4,054.8) 
(8,101.5) 
(2,224.8) 
(6,645.0) 
(2,244.8) 
(616.5) 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash 
equivalents ...............................................  
(4,073.8) 
357.3 
(2,719.0) 
(746.7) 
(5,167.8) 
(88.9) 
(24.4) 
Cash and cash equivalents as at the 
beginning of the period .............................  
14,609.5 
11,644.3 
12,423.4 
3,411.6 
12,423.4 
10,119.8 
2,779.0 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations .........  
1,108.6 
421.7 
415.4 
114.1 
208.8 
161.5 
44.3 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of 
the period ..................................................  
11,644.3 
12,423.3 
10,119.8 
2,779.0 
7,464.4 
10,192.4 
2,798.9 
 
Net cash from operating activities 
Net cash from operating activities for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 was QR2,991.1 million 
(U.S.$821.4 million) as compared to QR3,035.1 million (U.S.$833.5 million) for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2023, an insignificant decrease of 1.5 per cent (QR44 million) in net cash generated from 
operations and is primarily due to the lower operating profit before working capital changes, lower

--- Page 146 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
finance costs and higher income tax paid. These factors collectively contributed to the observed decline 
in net cash generated from operating activities between 2023 and 2024. 
Net cash from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was QR8,361.2 million 
(U.S.$2,296.1 million) as compared to QR6,675.2 million (U.S.$1,833.1 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2022, an increase of 25.3 per cent (QR1,686 million). This increase is largely due to higher 
operating profit before working capital changes and favourable working capital movements in 2023 in 
comparison to 2022.  
Net cash used in investing activities 
Net cash used in investing activities for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 was QR835.2 million 
(U.S.$229.3 million) as compared to QR1,557.9 million (U.S.$427.8 million) for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2023, a decrease of 46.3 per cent (QR722.7 million). This decrease in net cash used in 
investing activity is primarily due to increase in short-term deposits, increase in interest received and 
proceeds from the sale of Myanmar operations in 2024 in comparison to 2023. 
Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was QR2,978.7 million 
(U.S.$818.0 million) as compared to QR2,263.1 million (U.S.$621.5 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2022, an increase of 31.6 per cent (QR715.6 million). This increase in net cash used in 
investing activity is primarily due to one-off proceeds from disposal of stake in a Indosat Ooredoo in 
2022 in comparison to 2023, off set by one-off proceeds from disposal of an investment in Meeza, 
additions to restricted deposits and increase in short term deposits in 2023 in comparison to 2022.  
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities 
Net cash used in financing activities for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 was QR2,244.8 million 
(U.S.$616.5 million) as compared to QR6,645 million (U.S.$1,824.8 million) used in financing activities 
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023. This decrease is primarily due to U.S.$1,000 million bonds 
maturing were repaid to the bondholders in 2023 and a general trend of reduction in borrowings.  
Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was QR8,101.5 million 
(U.S.$2,224.8 million) as compared to QR4,054.8 million (U.S.$1,113.5 million) used in financing 
activities for the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase is primarily due to U.S.$1,000 million 
bonds maturing were repaid to the bondholders in 2023. 
Loans and Borrowings 
Most of the Group's loans and borrowings have been incurred by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and the Issuer. As at 
30 June 2024, the Group had outstanding loans and borrowings of QR12,511.8 million (U.S.$3,435.9 
million). In addition, the Group had an additional QR5,226 million (U.S.$1,435 million) under its 
committed facilities that remain undrawn. As at 30 June 2024, 96 per cent. of the Group's loans and 
borrowings was owed by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (which includes debt owed by the Issuer) and the remaining 
4 per cent. by other companies within the Group. As at 30 June 2024, the Group's consolidated loans and 
borrowings included QR459 million (U.S.$126 million) in outstanding loans and borrowings of its 
subsidiaries, including term loan facilities and overdrafts, of which 1 per cent. were secured by pledges 
of assets. 
In order to reduce foreign exchange exposure, Group companies increasingly seek to borrow funds in 
local currencies where possible; however local currency denominated facilities are not available, or are 
not available in acceptable terms, in certain countries in which the Group operates, including Iraq and the 
Maldives. The Group's funding at the operating subsidiary level in Algeria, Oman and Kuwait is entirely 
local currency denominated. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – The Group's business is

--- Page 147 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect the Group's 
business, financial condition or results of operations".  
The following table sets out a breakdown of the outstanding loans and borrowings of the Group as of 30 
June 2024:  
 
Total financing amount 
Total amount outstanding as 
at 30 June 2024(1) 
Maturity 
 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
(QRm) 
(U.S.$m) 
 
 
 
 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Medium Term Note Programme(2) ............ 
2,731 
750 
2,731 
750 
2025 
Global Medium Term Note Programme(3) ............ 
9,104 
2,500 
9,104 
2,500 
2026 - 2043 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortising Term loan ............................................. 
546 
150 
218 
60 
2025 
Revolving credit facility 
1,821 
500 
0 
0 
2026 
Revolving credit facility .......................................... 
1,092 
300 
0 
0 
2027 
Revolving credit facility 
546 
150 
0 
0 
2028 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ooredoo Kuwait and its subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
Revolving credit facility (Ooredoo Kuwait) 
890 
245 
12 
3 
2025 - 2027 
Various local loans (Ooredoo Algeria) 
157 
43 
0 
0 
2024 - 2025 
Various international and local loans (Ooredoo 
Maldives) 
308 
85 
144 
40 
2024 - 2028 
Various local loans (Ooredoo Palestine) 
87 
24 
0 
0 
2024 - 2025 
Ooredoo Oman 
 
 
 
 
 
Various local revolving credit facilities 
904 
248 
259 
71 
2025 - 2027 
Other subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
 
Various loans 
44 
12 
44 
12 
2024 - 2026 
 
 Amounts excluding deferred financing costs and interest payable. 
 Listed on London Stock Exchange. 
 Listed on Irish Stock Exchange. 
 
Global Medium Term Note and Sukuk Programmes  
In May 2009, the Group established a U.S.$5.0 billion (QR18.2 billion) Global Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "2009 GMTN Programme"), listed on the London Stock Exchange, to allow for the 
issuance of notes. Under the 2009 GMTN Programme, the Group in October 2010 issued a U.S.$1.0 
billion (QR3.6 billion) tranche of notes due 2021 that matured and was repaid on 16 February 2021, and 
a U.S.$750 million (QR2.7 billion) tranche of notes due 2025, all of which was outstanding as of 30 June 
2024. Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., had, as at 30 June 2024, provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee 
in respect of the notes issued under the 2009 GMTN Programme. 
In December 2012, the Group established another U.S.$3.0 billion (QR10.9 billion) Global Medium Term 
Note Programme, which in 2016 was expanded to U.S.$5.0 billion (QR18.2 billion) (the "2012 GMTN 
Programme"), listed on Euronext Dublin (previously the Irish Stock Exchange) to allow for the issuance 
of notes. Under the 2012 GMTN Programme, the Group in December 2012 issued a U.S.$1.0 billion 
(QR3.6 billion) tranche of notes that matured and was repaid during the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Under the 2012 GMTN Programme, the Group in January 2013 issued a U.S.$500 million (QR1.8 billion) 
tranche of notes due 2028 and a U.S.$500 million (QR1.8 billion) tranche of notes due 2043; in June 
2016 issued a U.S.$500 million (QR1.8 billion) tranche of notes due 2026; and in April 2021 issued a 
U.S.$1.0 billion (QR3.6 billion) tranche of notes due 2031, all of which are outstanding. Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C., had, as at 30 June 2024, provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee in respect of the 
notes issued under the 2012 GMTN Programme. 
The documentation relating to the notes under each of the 2009 GMTN Programme and the 2012 GMTN 
Programme contain customary operating and financial covenants common to agreements of this type 
which include covenants that restrict the Group's ability to dispose of the whole or substantially the whole 
of its undertaking or the whole or the greater part of its assets. The documentation relating to the notes 
also contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, non-payment, breach of other

--- Page 148 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
obligations set forth in the agreement, misrepresentation of or material non-compliance with a 
representation or warranty, and certain insolvency, winding-up and related events. 
In November 2013, the Group established a U.S.$2.0 billion (QR7.28 billion) Trust Certificate Issuance 
Programme (the "Sukuk Programme"), listed on Euronext Dublin for the issuance of sukuk trust 
certificates. Under the Sukuk Programme, the Group in November 2013 issued a U.S.$1.25 billion 
(QR4.6 billion) tranche of sukuk trust certificates which were fully repaid in December 2018. As at 30 
June 2024, there were no amounts outstanding under the Sukuk Programme. 
The documentation relating to the trust certificates under the Sukuk Programme contain customary 
operating covenants and events of default common to agreements of this type, including, but not limited 
to, non-payment, breach of other obligations set forth in the agreement, misrepresentation of or material 
non-compliance with a representation or warranty, and certain insolvency, winding-up and related events 
Loans and borrowings of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.  
In May 2019, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into a five-year revolving credit facility with DBS Bank for a 
principal amount of U.S.$300 million, maturing in May 2024 and bearing interest at a floating rate of 
LIBOR plus an additional margin. The facility was amended and restated in April 2023 to extend the 
maturity until December 2027 and to replace LIBOR with Term SOFR. As at 30 June 2024, no loan was 
outstanding under this facility. 
In 2018 and 2020, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into five-year revolving credit facilities with Bank of China 
for an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$250 million, maturing between 2023 and 2025. and bearing 
interest at floating rates of LIBOR plus an additional margin. The facilities were amended and restated 
in March 2023 to extend the maturity of the U.S.$100 million facility to July 2025 and the maturity of 
the U.S.$150 million facility to March 2028 with an interest rate of at Term SOFR plus an additional 
margin. The U.S.$100 million facility was later cancelled in December 2023. As at 30 June 2024, no loan 
was outstanding under the U.S.$150 million facility. 
In 2020, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into a five-year amortising term loan with KfW with an aggregate 
principal amount of U.S.$150 million (QR546 million), maturing in August 2025 and bearing interest at 
a fixed rate of 1.53 per cent. As at 30 June 2024, U.S.$60 million (QR218 million) was outstanding. 
In 2021, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. entered into five-year revolving credit facility maturing in April 2026, which 
was amended and restated in 2023, with a syndicate of banks and Standard Chartered Bank acting as 
Agent to Lenders. The total facility amount is U.S.$500 million and bears a floating interest rate of Term 
SOFR plus an additional margin. As at 30 June 2024, no loan is outstanding under this facility. 
Loans and borrowings of Ooredoo Kuwait 
Ooredoo Kuwait entered into revolving credit facilities with NBK, Qatar National Bank and Mashreq 
Bank, denominated in KWD, in an aggregate amount of QR890 million (U.S.$245 million). As at 30 
June 2024, QR12 million (U.S.$3 million) was outstanding under these facilities. 
Other loans and borrowings 
The Group's other subsidiaries in Algeria, Tunisa, Maldives, Palestine, Oman, and Iraq have entered into 
various local and international loans and credit facilities with maturities between 2024 and 2028. As at 
30 June 2024, QR888 million (U.S.$244 million) was available under these agreements, and QR447 
million (U.S.$123 million) was outstanding. 
Contractual Obligations 
The following table presents the Group's contractual obligations as at 30 June 2024:

--- Page 149 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
Payment due by period 
 
Total 
Less 
than 
1 year 
1-5 
years 
More 
than 5 
years 
Total 
Less 
than 
1 year 
1-5 
years 
More than 5 
years 
 
 
(QRm) 
 
 
 
 
(U.S.$m) 
 
Loans and borrowings(1) ......... 
12,511.8 
313.7 
6,735.9 
5,462.2 
3,435.9 
86.1  
1,849.8  
1,500.0 
Trade payables ........................ 
946.7 
946.7 
- 
- 
260.0 
260.0 
- 
- 
Licence costs payable ............. 
140.7 
- 
140.7 
- 
38.6 
- 
38.6 
- 
Lease liabilities ....................... 
3,341.9 
614.1 
1,775.2 
952.6 
917.7 
168.6 
487.5  
261.6 
Other financial liabilities ........ 
6,333.2 
5,685.6 
647.6 
- 
1,739.2 
1,561.3 
177.9 
- 
Total ....................................... 
23,274.3 
7,560.1 
9,299.4 
6,414.8 
6,391.4 
2,076.0 
2,553.8 
1,761.6 
 
 
 As presented in this table, loans and borrowings include all of the Group's current and non-current loans and borrowings as at 30 June 
2024, excluding interest payable. See note 18, "Loans and borrowings", of the Notes to the Condensed consolidated interim financial 
information for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024. 
 
The Group also had capital expenditure commitments as at 30 June 2024 for QR2,164.3 million 
(U.S.$594.3 million). 
Capital Expenditures  
Capital expenditure refers to investments in both tangible and intangible assets, excluding licence cost. 
In the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group incurred capital expenditures of QR1,010.7 million 
(U.S.$277.6 million). For the year ended 31 December 2023 the Group incurred capital expenditures of 
QR2,821.1 million (U.S.$774.7 million), as compared to capital expenditures of QR2,728.8 million 
(U.S.$749.4 million) for the year ended 31 December 2022 and QR4,845.1 million (U.S.$1,330.5 
million) for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Group's capital expenditures are predominantly for 
the expansion of the coverage (including regulatory obligations), capacity and network quality in the 
Group's mobile and fixed/FTTX networks, modernization of such networks, IT platforms (hardware and 
software) and the deployment of new technologies.  
The Group expects that most of its capital expenditures in the near future will be related to expanding, 
developing and improving its networks in all of its key markets and also investments in strategic projects 
like data centres, sea cables & fibre and fintech. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
The Group does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably expected to 
have a material current or future effect on its financial condition, revenue, expenses, results of operations, 
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. As at 30 June 2024, the Group had QR1,253.3 million 
(U.S.$344.2 million) of contingent liabilities in the form of letters of guarantee and letters of credit and 
QR22.8 million (U.S.$6.3 million) of contingent liabilities in the form of claims against the Group not 
acknowledged as debts. See Note 25, "Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Litigations" to the 2024 
Interim Financial Information for a description of Ooredoo's commitments and contingencies.  
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
The preparation of Ooredoo's consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting 
Standards requires it to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of 
assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Those judgments, estimates and assumptions are based on 
historical experience, available information, future expectations and other factors and assumptions that 
Ooredoo believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Ooredoo reviews its estimates and underlying 
assumptions on an ongoing basis and revises them when necessary. Ooredoo has identified below those 
of its accounting policies that it believes could potentially produce materially different results if it were 
to change its underlying assumptions, estimates and judgments. Actual results may differ from the 
original or revised estimates. Summaries of Ooredoo's significant accounting judgments and estimates 
are contained in Note 43, "Significant accounting judgements and estimates" of the Notes to the 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.

--- Page 150 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
The Group is exposed to market risks from changes in both foreign currency exchange rates and interest 
rates. It is also exposed to credit and liquidity risks. The Group uses financial instruments, such as foreign 
exchange forward contracts, foreign currency options and interest rate swaps to manage these market 
risks. For further information regarding the Group's market risk, see Note 39, "Financial Risk 
Management", to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Group is subject to market risk resulting from changes in interest rates, which may affect the cost of 
its current floating rate borrowings and future financing. The Group's interest-bearing financial liabilities 
subject to a floating interest rate amounted to 3 per cent. of the Group's loans and borrowings as at 30 
June 2024. A hypothetical 25 basis point change in interest rates on the floating rate portion of the Group's 
loans and borrowings would result in a change in its finance costs of QR0.85 million (U.S.$0.23 million) 
as at 30 June 2024. 
Currency Risk 
The Group has operations across the MENA and the Asia Pacific regions and operates in a number of 
foreign currencies, which gives rise to transactional and translational foreign exchange risk. The Group's 
various assets and liabilities are denominated mainly in U.S. Dollars, Iraqi Dinar, Tunisian Dinar, Kuwaiti 
Dinar, Algerian Dinar and certain other currencies. The Group's main functional currency, the Qatari 
Riyal, is pegged to the U.S. Dollar. The Group manages currency risks by either off-setting the currency 
position (through borrowing in the same currency) or through the use of derivatives, as appropriate, in 
accordance with internal policies. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties fail to perform as contracted. 
The Group provides telecommunications services to a variety of customers and distributors of its prepaid 
cards. The Group seeks to limit its credit risk with respect to customers by subjecting all customers 
receiving credit to credit verification procedures; monitoring, on an ongoing basis, receivable balances; 
and setting limits on the amount of service each customer may purchase, which are reviewed regularly 
with regard to the level of past transactions and settlement. In addition, the Group's receivable balances 
are monitored on an ongoing basis to limit its exposure to bad debts. The Group seeks to limit its credit 
risk with respect to distributors by selling prepaid cards through its own shops and through subsidiary 
distributors and by obtaining bank guarantees from third-party distributors. With respect to credit risk 
arising from the Group's other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents and other 
receivables, the Group's exposure to credit risk arises from default of the counterparty (mainly financial 
institutions), with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments. The Group 
maintains credit limits with respect to counterparties that are financial institutions and evaluates the credit 
status of those financial institutions on an annual basis. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. The 
Group's approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have 
sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without 
incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation. The Group seeks to maintain 
a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of cash in hand, overdrafts, bank 
facilities and a conservative debt maturity profile to reduce its exposure to liquidity risk. Specifically, it 
seeks to limit liquidity risk by ensuring that bank facilities are available. 
For a summary of the maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities as at 30 June 2024, see "– 
Contractual Obligations". 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
A number of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations of IFRS Accounting Standards 
have been issued but are not yet effective. For a discussion of these recent accounting pronouncements, 
see Note 3.3.1 and Note 3.1, "New and amended standards adopted by the Group" in the Notes to the

--- Page 151 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, and for the period ended 30 June 
2024, respectively. 
The Group anticipates that all of these standards and interpretations will be adopted in its consolidated 
financial statements from their effective dates. The Group does not expect that the application of these 
new standards and amendments will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 152 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Group is an international telecommunications company operating across the Middle East, North 
Africa, and South Asia. It serves consumers and businesses in eight countries, delivering a broad range 
of content and services through its advanced, data-centric mobile and fixed networks with a total customer 
base of approximately 49.7 million as at 30 June 2024. The Group operates a portfolio of brands including 
Ooredoo and Asiacell. The Group's principal activity is the provision of wireless (comprising cellular 
telephone technologies and services) and wireline (comprising broadband solutions and fibre 
technologies) services to both the consumer and business markets. 
The Group has recently embarked on a transformative journey to redefine its role in the digital ecosystem. 
The vision is to evolve into a "Smart Telco"—a dynamic, upgraded telecommunications and digital 
infrastructure provider with advanced analytics and application programming interface ("API") 
capabilities. This initiative aims to maximize the potential of the extensive asset base, driving forward 
the connectivity business and positioning the Group as a premier partner for digital services. 
The Group's parent company is Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., whose shares are listed on the Qatar Stock Exchange 
and the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange. Ooredoo was originally established as Qatar Public 
Telecommunications Corporation on 29 June 1987, to provide domestic and international 
telecommunication services within Qatar. Ooredoo is one of the two telecommunications service 
providers licensed by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology to provide both fixed 
and mobile telecommunications services in Qatar. As a licensed service provider, the conduct and 
activities of Ooredoo are regulated by the CRA pursuant to Law No. 34 of 2006 (the "Qatari 
Telecommunications Law") and the Applicable Regulatory Framework. Ooredoo's registered office is 
located at 100 West Bay, P.O. Box 217, Doha, Qatar. Ooredoo's commercial registration number is 
21183. 
The Group believes that its five most significant markets by revenue and assets are as follows:  
Qatar: the Group operates in Qatar through Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (formerly Qatar Telecom (Qtel) Q.S.C.), 
which, until March 2009, was the only provider of fixed line and mobile telecommunications 
services in Qatar. Ooredoo Qatar provides mobile telecommunications to both postpaid and 
prepaid customers, fixed line telephony and internet access, corporate managed services, data 
centres, digital television, fintech and international gateway services in Qatar. For the six months 
ended 30 June 2024, Ooredoo Qatar's operations (before intragroup eliminations) contributed 
30.3 per cent of the Group's consolidated revenue and 26 per cent. of the Group's consolidated 
total assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 30 June 2024. Ooredoo Qatar had a combined 
2.97 million mobile and fixed line customers as at 30 June 2024. 
Iraq: 
in August 2007, the Group acquired a 30.0 per cent direct shareholding in Asiacell, an Iraqi 
mobile telecommunications provider, and in 2013 increased its economic interest up to 64.1 
per cent which remains the shareholding as at 30 June 2024. Asiacell provides services to prepaid 
(and to a lesser extent, postpaid) customers and had 18.33 million mobile customers as at 30 June 
2024. Asiacell (before intragroup eliminations) contributed 21.1 per cent. of the Group's 
consolidated revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 12 per cent of the Group's 
consolidated total assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 30 June 2024. 
Algeria: Ooredoo Algeria, formerly known as "Nedjma", is a provider of mobile telecommunication 
services and wireless broadband to both postpaid and prepaid customers in Algeria and is a direct 
subsidiary of Wataniya. "Nedjma" was rebranded as "Ooredoo" in 2013. As at 30 June 2024, the 
Group held a 74.4 per cent stake in Ooredoo Algeria. Ooredoo Algeria provides mobile 
telecommunications services to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Ooredoo Algeria's 
operations (before intragroup eliminations) contributed 11.4 per cent of the Group's consolidated 
revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 7 per cent of the Group's consolidated total 
assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 30 June 2024. Ooredoo Algeria had 13.73 million 
mobile customers as at 30 June 2024.

--- Page 153 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Oman: the Omani Qatari Telecommunications Company SAOG (formerly Nawras) operates as 
"Ooredoo Oman" and was founded in December 2004. As at 30 June 2024, the Group held a 55 
per cent stake in Ooredoo Oman. Ooredoo Oman is an integrated service provider which provides 
mobile telecommunications to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Ooredoo Oman's operations 
(before intragroup eliminations) contributed 10.2 per cent of the Group's consolidated revenue 
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 7 per cent of the Group's consolidated total assets 
(before intragroup eliminations) as at 30 June 2024. Ooredoo Oman had a combined 2.90 million 
mobile and fixed line customers as at 30 June 2024. 
Kuwait: in March 2007, the Group acquired National Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P., 
("Wataniya") with shareholdings in telecommunications providers operating in Algeria, 
Maldives, Tunisia and Palestine; it operates in Kuwait as "Ooredoo Kuwait". Ooredoo Kuwait 
provides mobile telecommunications, broadband internet and corporate managed services. As at 
30 June 2024, the Group held a 92.1 per cent stake in Ooredoo Kuwait. Ooredoo Kuwait's 
operations (before intragroup eliminations) contributed 13.3 per cent of the Group's consolidated 
revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 7 per cent of the Group's consolidated total 
assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 30 June 2024. Ooredoo Kuwait had 2.87 million 
mobile customers as at 30 June 2024. 
Together, operations in these five countries (before intragroup eliminations) accounted for 86 per cent of 
the Group's consolidated revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 59 per cent of the Group's 
consolidated total assets (before intragroup eliminations) as at 30 June 2024. The Group believes it has 
geographically diverse mobile telecommunications businesses, with operations in relatively mature 
markets, such as Qatar, Kuwait and Oman, which generate significant cash flow for the Group, and in 
developing telecommunications markets with potential for high growth, such as Algeria and Iraq, among 
others. The Group also operates a number of other telecommunications businesses, which are 
complementary to its existing mobile telecommunications businesses, such as digital television services, 
broadband internet services, fixed-line telecommunications services and corporate managed services 
including data centres. In addition, the Group operates in the fintech sector in Qatar and the Maldives, 
mainly offering international remittance and salary disbursement services. However, the Group's revenue 
is primarily derived from the operation of its mobile networks. In the six-month period ended 30 June 
2024, the Group's wireless services, which are predominantly related to its mobile telecommunications 
businesses, contributed more than 70 per cent of the Group's revenue. 
The Group has developed its mobile telecommunications businesses by acquiring new licences and 
building its own network infrastructure, for example in Oman in 2005, and by acquiring existing operators 
with established network infrastructure, such as in Iraq, Algeria, Kuwait, the Maldives, Palestine and 
Tunisia in 2007 and Indonesia in 2008. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of 
Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), as at 30 June 2024 the Group was one of the top two 
largest operators by both revenue and number of customers in most of its markets, including the key 
markets of Qatar, Iraq, Oman and Algeria.  
In 2022, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and CK Hutchison Holdings Limited announced the completion of the merger 
of their respective telecommunications businesses in Indonesia, PT Indosat Tbk and PT Hutchison 3 
Indonesia. The newly merged company commenced business as PT Indosat Ooredoo Hutchison Tbk 
("IOH") effective 4 January 2022. IOH is jointly owned by the Group and CK Hutchison, each with a 
32.8 per cent. shareholding. 
The Group also previously operated in Myanmar, but in September 2022, announced the sale of its 
Myanmar business to Nine Communications Pte. Ltd., with the closing of the sale completed on 31 May 
2024. 
On 5 December 2023, the Group announced the signing of definitive agreements between the Group, 
Zain Group and TASC Towers Holding to create the largest tower company in the MENA region, in a 
cash and share deal. Ooredoo and Zain will equally retain a substantial stake of 49.3 per cent. each in the 
newly restructured entity, through an asset and cash equalisation process. The founders of TASC will 
retain the remaining shareholding, through Digital Infrastructure Assets LLP, and will continue to 
manage the operations of the business. Note that this is subject to regulatory approval in the respective 
jurisdictions and is anticipated to be complete in the next 18-24 months.

--- Page 154 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
The following illustration highlights the Group's presence across the various markets in which it operates 
worldwide, as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Corporate History 
Qatari Origins 
Prior to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s incorporation in 1987, domestic telecommunication services in Qatar were 
provided by a partnership between Qatar and a U.K. telecommunications company. The 
Telecommunications Department of the Ministry of Transport and Communications of Qatar supervised 
all technical aspects of domestic and international civilian telecommunications in Qatar. Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C. was originally established as Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation on 29 June 1987 
pursuant to Law No. 13 of 1987, to provide domestic and international telecommunication services within 
Qatar. Under this law, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. was granted sole responsibility for the provision of 
telecommunications services in Qatar. During this period, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. served as the 
telecommunications regulator for Qatar. 
Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation was converted into a Qatari Shareholding Company under 
the name of Qatar Telecom (Qtel) Q.S.C. on 25 November 1998, pursuant to Law No. 21 of 1998. 
Although the legislative concession of 1998 granted Ooredoo the right to be the exclusive provider of 
domestic and international telecommunications services in Qatar for a period of 15 years, the Qatari 
Telecommunications Law repealed this exclusive concession and Ooredoo ceased to be the sole 
telecommunications services provider in 2009 when Vodafone Qatar commenced offering services. 
In October 2007, the Group initially acquired a 51.0 per cent. direct shareholding in communications and 
media retail and logistics business Starlink Company W.L.L. ("Starlink"). As of 30 June 2024, the 
Group's direct shareholding in Starlink was 72.5 per cent. 
In March 2013, Ooredoo Q.S.C., previously branded as "Qatar Telecom" and "Qtel", announced that its 
operating subsidiaries would adopt the "Ooredoo" brand over time, and in June 2013, Qatar Telecom 
(Qtel) Q.S.C. legally changed its name to Ooredoo Q.S.C. In 2017, Ooredoo again changed its legal name 
from Ooredoo Q.S.C. to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to comply with the provisions of the Qatar Commercial 
Companies Law issued on 7 July 2015.

--- Page 155 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
In April 2018, Ooredoo acquired a 55.0 per cent. interest in Intaleq Technology Consulting Services, a 
joint venture with Aspire Zone Foundation engaged in the delivery, management operations and support 
of ICT systems supporting the stadiums for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. 
Ooredoo's shares were listed on the Qatar Stock Exchange (then known as the Doha Securities Market) 
in 1998 and on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange in 2002. See "—Principal Operations—Qatar". 
International Expansion  
The growth of the Group's business since 2005 has been driven in significant part by a number of 
acquisitions in the MENA and Asia Pacific regions. A summary of the significant acquisitions by the 
Group during this period is set out below. 
• 
Oman: In March 2005, the Group began its international expansion by acquiring a licence in 
Oman and establishing Nawras to offer mobile telecommunications services. In November 2010, 
Nawras completed its initial public offering, the largest in Oman since 2005, and its shares began 
trading on the Muscat Securities Exchange. In 2014, Nawras was rebranded as "Ooredoo Oman". 
As of 30 June 2024, Ooredoo's effective shareholding in Ooredoo Oman was 55.0 per cent. 
• 
Kuwait: In March 2007, the Group acquired a 51.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Wataniya, 
now known as Ooredoo Kuwait, a Kuwaiti telecommunications company with subsidiaries in 
Algeria, Maldives, Tunisia and Palestine, and has subsequently increased its shareholding in 
Ooredoo Kuwait. As of 30 June 2024, Ooredoo's effective shareholding in Ooredoo Kuwait was 
92.1 per cent. Ooredoo Kuwait's shares are listed on Boursa Kuwait. See "—Principal 
Operations—Kuwait". 
• 
Algeria: In March 2007, the Group acquired a 36.2 per cent. indirect shareholding in Wataniya 
Telecom Algeria ("Wataniya Algeria"), through its acquisition of Ooredoo Kuwait, which held 
a direct shareholding of 71.0 per cent. in Wataniya Algeria. As of 30 June 2024, Ooredoo's 
effective shareholding in Wataniya Algeria was 74.4 per cent. Wataniya Algeria was rebranded 
as Ooredoo Algeria in 2013 (although the legal name remains Wataniya Algeria). 
• 
Tunisia: In March 2007, the Group acquired a 25.5 per cent. indirect shareholding in 
"Tunisiana", now known as Ooredoo Tunisia, through its acquisition of Ooredoo Kuwait, which 
held a direct shareholding of 50.0 per cent. in Ooredoo Tunisia. As of 30 June 2024, Ooredoo's 
effective shareholding in Ooredoo Tunisia was 84.1 per cent. 
• 
Palestine: In March 2007, the Group acquired a 29.1 per cent. indirect shareholding in Wataniya 
Palestine Mobile Telecommunications P.S.C. ("Wataniya Palestine") through its acquisition of 
Ooredoo Kuwait, which held a direct shareholding of 57.0 per cent. in Wataniya Palestine. The 
shares of Wataniya Palestine are listed on the Palestine Exchange. As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo's 
effective shareholding in Wataniya Palestine was 45.4 per cent. Wataniya Palestine was 
rebranded as Ooredoo Palestine in 2018 (although the legal name remains Wataniya Palestine). 
• 
Maldives: In March 2007, the Group acquired a 51.0 per cent. indirect shareholding in Wataniya 
Telecom Maldives, now known as Ooredoo Maldives, through its acquisition of Ooredoo 
Kuwait, which held a direct shareholding of 100.0 per cent. in Ooredoo Maldives. The shares of 
Ooredoo Maldives are listed on the Maldives Stock Exchange. As of 30 June 2024, Ooredoo's 
effective shareholding in Ooredoo Maldives was 83.3 per cent.  
• 
Singapore: In March 2007, the Group purchased a 25.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Asia 
Mobile Holdings, a joint venture with Singapore Technologies Telemedia. As at 30 June 2024, 
Asia Mobile Holdings held a 56.4 per cent. direct shareholding (and the Group a 14.1 per cent. 
indirect shareholding) in StarHub, a telecommunications company in Singapore.  
• 
Iraq: In August 2007, the Group acquired a 30.0 per cent. direct shareholding in Asiacell, an 
Iraqi mobile telecommunications provider, increasing its effective shareholding to 64.1 per cent. 
in February 2013, following Asiacell's initial public offering. As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo's 
effective shareholding in Asiacell was 64.1 per cent. See "—Principal Operations—Iraq".

--- Page 156 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
• 
Indonesia: In June 2008, the Group acquired a 40.8 per cent. shareholding in Indosat Ooredoo. 
On 28 December 2020, Ooredoo announced that it had entered into an exclusive and non-legally 
binding memorandum of understanding with CK Hutchison Holdings Limited in relation to a 
potential transaction to combine their respective telecommunications businesses in Indonesia, PT 
Indosat Tbk and PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia. On 4 January 2022, the parties announced the 
completion of the merger between Indosat and PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia; the company was 
renamed Indosat Ooredoo Hutchison (IOH). As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo's effective 
shareholding in IOH was 32.8 per cent.  
• 
Myanmar: In June 2013, following a government auction process, Ooredoo was one of the 
successful bidders for the two 15-year licences made available to foreign operators in Myanmar. 
Ooredoo received its licence to operate in Myanmar in February 2014 and launched its mobile 
services in Myanmar in August 2014. In September 2022, Ooredoo announced the sale of its 
Myanmar business to Nine Communications Pte. Ltd., with the closing of the sale completed on 
31 May 2024. 
Capital Structure 
As at 30 June 2024, the authorised share capital of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. consisted of 5,000,000,000 ordinary 
shares of QR1 each, of which 3,203,200,000 ordinary shares were in issue. In 2019, as instructed by the 
Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Company undertook a 10 for 1 stock split which reduced the par 
value of its ordinary shares from QR10 to QR1, which led to an increase in the number of authorised 
shares from 500,000,000 shares to 5,000,000,000 ordinary shares and the total number of issued and fully 
paid up shares from 320,320,000 shares to 3,203,200,000 ordinary shares.  
The State of Qatar is Ooredoo's largest shareholder, holding, through the Qatar Investment Authority, 53 
per cent. of Ooredoo's outstanding voting shares as at 30 June 2024. In addition, Ooredoo's Articles of 
Association give Qatar Investment Authority the exclusive right to, amongst other things, appoint and 
remove five of the 10 members of the Board for so long as its majority shareholding is maintained.  
Any remaining directors not appointed by Qatar Investment Authority are appointed by the General 
Assembly of Ooredoo by way of a secret ballot in which Qatar Investment Authority has no voting rights. 
Other major shareholders include, but are not limited to, a variety of Government-related entities, 
including the General Retirement and Social Insurance Authority, General Military Retirement and Social 
Insurance Authority and other Government-related entities, which together owned an additional 15 
per cent. of Ooredoo's outstanding issued voting shares as at 30 June 2024, and the Abu Dhabi Investment 
Authority ("ADIA") which held a 10.0 per cent. shareholding as at the same date. Several members of 
the Board have held or currently hold positions in the Government of Qatar. See "Corporate 
Governance".

--- Page 157 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
Operational Structure 
The following diagram sets forth the Group's corporate structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Notes: 
 All percentages mentioned are effective shareholdings of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
 Asia Mobile Holdings and Indosat Ooredoo Hutchison are not consolidated in Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. financials. 
 
Although the Group's subsidiaries operate independently of one another, the Group exercises control over 
the quality and direction of the services provided by each subsidiary through oversight procedures 
conducted by the Group's management.  
Strategy 
The Group has a strategic framework encompassing a value-focused portfolio, strengthening the core, 
evolving the core, growing its people, and delivering excellence in customer experience, the Group aims 
to position itself to capitalise on the increased demand for data connectivity and digital services. Guided 
by its core values of Caring, Connecting, and Challenging, the Group remains committed to its promise 
to 'Upgrade Your World,' navigating industry dynamics with resilience and adaptability. 
Value-Focused Portfolio 
The Group is evolving into a smart telco and infrastructure holding with five operating segments that will 
allow it to crystallise value for its shareholders. This new structure provides operational focus, enabling 
the Group to capture growth opportunities and enhance operational efficiencies. It also facilitates a more 
efficient capital structure tailored to each vertical. With this approach, the Group is changing the 
traditional end-to-end integrated telecom business model to a horizontally delayered multi-business 
structure that allows for targeted capital deployment and gives more operational focus. Overall, the Group 
aims to boost asset returns with this new structure, focusing on five key areas: telco operations, towers, 
data centres, sea cable business and fintech. The Group has made clear choices in these layers of the 
business model, choosing to partner, divest, or strategically strengthen its foothold.  
Notable initiatives undertaken in this regard include the strategic partnership between Ooredoo, Zain 
Group and TASC Towers Holding, which will combine close to 30,000 towers in six markets in a cash 
and share deal, and result in the creation of the largest tower company in the MENA region. In addition, 
the Group has established a standalone Data Centre Company, consolidating the operations of its data 
centre facilities across several markets. In the Group's telecom operations, the focus remains on achieving 
or maintaining #1 or #2 positions in local markets, guided by the attractiveness of the geographical market 
and its competitive intensity. Where achieving a #1 or #2 position organically is challenging, the Group 
explores opportunities for in-market consolidations or strategic divestments, as demonstrated with 
Ooredoo Myanmar.

--- Page 158 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Strengthen the Core 
The Group's primary focus is on establishing an efficient and effective telecom operation that optimally 
utilises deployed capital, maintains an appropriate cost structure, and delivers a robust and competitive 
service to our customers. In 2021, the Group initiated a comprehensive company-wide transformation 
program called 'Braveheart' to monitor and ensure the execution of various initiatives. Over 700 
initiatives were implemented, targeting revenue opportunities amid the challenges posed by the COVID-
19 pandemic and enhancing investment efficiencies. The successful delivery of these initiatives has 
significantly contributed to Ooredoo's robust free cash flow performance. Starting from 2023, the Group 
has intensified its commitment to operating efficiencies. Key programs such as OneOoredoo, focusing 
on the transformation of the Group's common enterprise resource planning ("ERP") systems and related 
business processes, as well as initiatives centred around the transformation of its network and IT 
operations, are being established. Simultaneously, initiatives addressing churn management have been 
initiated and are underway, reinforcing the Group's dedication to achieving favourable outcomes in 2024. 
Evolve the Core 
The evolving landscape of the telecom industry presents opportunities to generate new revenue streams 
and enhance cost efficiency. In response, the Group is adapting its capabilities within the telecom 
business model, exploring new use cases to leverage already deployed capital for revenue generation. 
Ooredoo has implemented programs focusing on analytics, digitalization of operations, and partnerships 
with digital service providers. These partnerships currently significantly contribute to the Group's free 
cash flow, with ongoing financial growth. However, harnessing the full potential requires advanced skills, 
such as API-facilitated access to the Group's business systems, a progress reflected in the standardization 
and certification of API capabilities across its operations in 2023. The Group anticipates this enhancement 
to drive new revenue sources from 2024 onward. In addition to preparing for the future, the Group is 
actively identifying new use cases to derive profitable contributions from existing capital and exploring 
ventures in adjacent industries. An example is OFTI, a fintech venture fully owned by the Group, which 
has established itself as a market leader in Qatar and the Maldives and is set to expand to Oman, Iraq, 
Kuwait, and Tunisia. Another initiative is the successful launch of a new entertainment/TV marketplace 
in December 2023, receiving a positive user response and providing Ooredoo’s customers with 
convenient access to partner content services.  
People 
Succeeding in customer experience requires an engaged and empowered workforce. To achieve this, the 
Group is evolving its ways of working by increasingly adopting agile methods, fostering cross-functional 
collaboration, and encouraging personal ownership of outcomes and respective empowerment. Ooredoo's 
employee engagement is measured and benchmarked, reflecting strong outcomes from various initiatives. 
Key initiatives include the establishment of the Ooredoo Learning Academy, featuring partnerships with 
esteemed institutions like Harvard, LinkedIn Learning, Microsoft, Google and others. The Group has also 
deployed a new performance management framework, revised its total rewards structure and integrated 
strategic workforce planning into its general operating cadences and practices. Coaching and mentoring 
underpin Ooredoo's daily work, helping its people to grow with Ooredoo and enabling them to make 
meaningful contributions to the business. Looking ahead, the Group's people strategy will focus upon 
five core areas: 
• 
Talent Development, encompassing elements such as the Ooredoo Learning Academy, talent 
pool management, and succession planning. 
• 
Organization Design & Rewards, with a focus on optimizing our operating model to facilitate 
the growth of new business verticals. 
• 
Employee Experience, incorporating building blocks like employee value proposition and 
engagement initiatives. 
• 
Talent Acquisition, employing robust analytics and data-driven assessments to identify, select, 
and recruit top-tier talent. 
• 
Data Analytics, using cutting-edge technologies such as human resource analytics and AI-
powered human resource services.

--- Page 159 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Excellence in Customer Experience 
In increasingly competitive markets, the Group's aim is to create superior customer experiences and 
inspiring moments for its customers, resulting in heightened levels of loyalty and higher spend with 
Ooredoo. The impact of superior customer experience and satisfied customers is twofold. Cost reductions 
through reduced customer service expenses, lower customer acquisition costs or simplified processes 
usually go together with positive impacts on revenues. In Ooredoo's industry, as a yardstick, 20 per cent. 
of customers usually generate 70-80 per cent. of revenues. The attractiveness to existing or prospective 
customers in these specific segments as a function of customer experience supports a positive financial 
momentum. The Group's execution focus revolves around minimising customer effort by consistently 
eliminating potential friction points. Simultaneously, the Group is establishing digital touchpoints to 
enhance customer service. To drive continuous improvement, the Group has deployed state-of-the-art 
feedback channels, enabling it to listen to the 'voice of the customer' and act upon the received feedback 
across the organization.  
Vision and Strategic Projects  
The Development and Progress of Ooredoo's Vision as a Smart Telco 
The Smart Telco initiative focuses on leveraging advanced analytics and robust API skills to enhance 
offerings. By integrating these capabilities, the Group seeks to provide seamless and innovative solutions 
that cater to the growing demands of the digital landscape. The objective is to transform into a telco that 
not only offers connectivity but also serves as a pivotal player in the digital services arena. The Group 
focuses on ‘Core Areas of Excellence’. 
Core Areas of Excellence 
Ease of Partnering with Digital Service Providers 
The Group is committed to streamlining partnerships with digital service providers, ensuring a smooth 
and efficient integration across diverse footprints. This approach emphasizes creating an accessible and 
collaborative environment for partners to leverage the Group’s infrastructure and capabilities effectively. 
Agility in Front-End Development & Digital "Shopping Windows" 
There is a focus on enhancing the user experience through agile front-end development and innovative 
digital interfaces. By refining user interface and user experience skills, the Group aims to provide intuitive 
and engaging digital touchpoints that cater to the evolving needs of customers. 
Customer Insights for Up-/Cross-Selling Opportunities 
Utilizing advanced analytics, the Group will gain deeper insights into customer behaviour, enabling the 
unlocking of potential up-selling and cross-selling opportunities. This data-driven approach will help 
better understand and meet the needs of customers, optimizing product offerings in both digital and 
connectivity sectors. 
Secure Connectivity 
Security is a top priority for the Group. The Group is dedicated to protecting customers from cyber threats, 
hacker attacks, and digital fraud. Enhanced security measures will ensure that connectivity solutions are 
both reliable and secure, safeguarding customers’ digital experiences. 
Digital Infrastructure Partnership 
As a digital infrastructure partner, the Group will provide critical assets such as passive infrastructure, 
data centres, and fibre connectivity. The goal is to support industry partners with robust and scalable 
infrastructure solutions that facilitate growth and innovation. 
The Group’s Smart Telco initiative represents a significant step towards redefining the 
telecommunications landscape. By enhancing analytics and API capabilities, the Group is expanding its 
role in connectivity and establishing itself as a key enabler of digital services. Through excellence in

--- Page 160 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
partnering, agility in development, customer insights, security, and infrastructure, the Group envisions 
leading the way as a Smart Telco and driving the future of digital connectivity. 
Tower Joint Venture 
In December 2023, the Group announced the signing of definitive agreements between the Group, Zain 
Group and TASC Towers Holding to create a joint venture tower company in the MENA region, in a 
cash and share deal. The joint venture company is expected to comprise approximately 30,000 towers in 
Qatar, Kuwait, Algeria, Tunisia, Iraq and Jordan. The Group and Zain Group will equally retain a 
substantial stake of 49.3 per cent. each in the newly restructured entity, through an asset and cash 
equalisation process. The founders of TASC will retain the remaining shareholding, through Digital 
Infrastructure Assets LLP, and will continue to manage the operations of the business.  
This new partnership will form the largest tower company in the MENA region. The enlarged tower 
company will continue to operate as an independent and standalone entity providing passive 
infrastructure as a service throughout the region with a focus on operational efficiencies, synergies, and 
reduction of carbon footprint. Both the Ooredoo Group and the Zain Group will retain their respective 
active infrastructure, including wireless communication antennas, intelligent software, and intellectual 
property with respect to managing their telecom networks. 
The phased implementation, tailored for each market and adhering to the regulatory environment, is 
subject to regulatory approvals. Regulatory approvals are expected to be complete in the next 18-24 
months across all markets. 
Data Centres 
The Group operates more than 34 data centres across its footprint where data demand continues to 
increase. Leveraging its significant sectoral experience and close relationships with hyperscalers and 
large enterprise clients, the Group has decided to carve out 26 of its data centres in Qatar, Kuwait, Oman, 
Iraq, and Tunisia and integrate them into a new carrier-neutral platform, subject to regulatory approvals. 
According to the strategic plan, data centre assets in each jurisdiction will be transferred to newly 
established, separate data centre companies. The data centres from the Group's operations in Qatar, 
Kuwait and Tunisia have already been carved out and placed under new independent, specialised data 
centre entities in each country. The carve-out of the data centres in other countries is expected to follow. 
These individual data centre entities, subject to respective regulatory approvals, will be owned by a 
holding company already established in the Netherlands, which is currently fully owned by the Group. 
The Group is also evaluating strategic options to sell a minority stake in the holding company to invite a 
reputable and experienced data centre operator. The Group aims to expand the total capacity of the 26 
data centres included in the carve-out from approximately 28 megawatts as of the date of the Base 
Prospectus to over 120 megawatts through capital investment of approximately USD 1 billion over the 
medium to long-term. 
Fintech 
Ooredoo Fintech, officially known as Ooredoo Finance Technology International ("OFTI"), operates 
with local legal entities in each market, holding or applying for the necessary regulatory licenses. OFTI's 
mission is to financially empower consumers and merchants across the MENA region by offering safe, 
secure, and cost-effective financial services. These services cover a broad spectrum, including 
international and domestic money transfers, payments, borrowing, saving, and protection. OFTI is 
dedicated to building a comprehensive digital financial ecosystem that meets diverse market needs while 
adhering to stringent compliance and risk management standards. 
The initial phase of OFTI's expansion focuses on six markets. In Qatar and the Maldives, the fintech 
business has been carved out from existing operations, with Ooredoo Money in Qatar and M-Faisaa in 
the Maldives now part of OFTI. These markets play significant roles in their financial ecosystems, 
providing services such as international remittance and salary disbursement. OFTI is also making 
progress in Oman, Tunisia, Kuwait, and Iraq, where it is applying for Payment Service Provider licenses 
to establish its presence. A significant milestone is the launch of ‘walletii by Ooredoo’ in Oman, a 
pioneering mobile wallet app featuring a remittance marketplace that allows users to select from multiple

--- Page 161 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
providers for the best rates. This launch marks a crucial advancement in OFTI’s strategy to extend its 
successful fintech solutions throughout MENA, driving financial inclusion and innovation across the 
region. 
Sea cables & Fibre   
As part of its strategy to unlock value from existing assets and enhance capital returns, Ooredoo is rapidly 
advancing its plans to invest in international connectivity. Leveraging its substantial international and 
national assets—such as cable landing stations, terrestrial fibre networks, and a comprehensive, carrier-
neutral data centre portfolio—Ooredoo believes it is well-positioned to provide robust connectivity 
solutions for global customers. With 13 international cables landing at 12 cable landing stations and 
ongoing projects involving 11 submarine cables, the Group has established a solid foundation in the 
international connectivity market. 
The demand for international connectivity, particularly in the Gulf region, has rapidly increased, with 
bandwidth requirements experiencing significant growth globally in recent years. In response, Ooredoo 
has over the past year completed the development of the "Ifriqya" cable landing in Tunisia and connecting 
to the "Peace" cable. In addition, the deployment of the world’s largest subsea system, "2-Africa," in 
Oman was announced which is under development. Additional projects include modernizing the "Gulf 
Gateway Connect 1" to enhance the direct route between Qatar and the UAE and expanding connectivity 
options for the Maldives through the "Peace" cable. 
Furthermore, with increasing global demand for diversified connectivity solutions due to recent 
disruptions in the Red Sea and the Gulf region, Ooredoo is exploring new investments to optimize its 
international connectivity network. The Group is actively evaluating operating models and capital 
structures to support these initiatives and ensure efficient and effective expansion of its international 
connectivity capabilities. 
Competitive Strengths 
The Group believes that its business is characterised by the following key competitive strengths. 
Government ownership 
The State is Ooredoo's largest shareholder, owning circa 68 per cent. of outstanding issued voting shares 
through the QIA and other government-related entities as at 30 June 2024 (see "—Capital Structure").  
Furthermore, several members of the Board have held or currently hold positions in the Government. The 
State's representatives on the Board also hold other key roles in Qatar's political, governing and corporate 
arenas. Ooredoo believes that it has the support of the State with regard to the operation of its businesses 
as demonstrated by the State's participation in all of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s rights issue offerings to date. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the State has investment grade sovereign credit ratings of AA (S&P), 
AA (Fitch) and AA2 (Moody's), with all assigning a stable outlook. 
Leading market position 
The Group believes that it is among the leaders in terms of revenue and number of customers in the 
mobile telecommunications industry in the markets where it operates. Thanks to its position as the sole 
telecommunications provider in Qatar prior to March 2009, Ooredoo has been able to build and maintain 
a strong domestic market position and a consistent revenue base. These strengths were key to the Group's 
international expansion. For example, the Group believes that Ooredoo's acquisitions of key subsidiaries, 
including Ooredoo Kuwait and Asiacell, were supported by its strong capital and revenue base. Ooredoo 
has sustained strong #1 or #2 positions in key markets, including leading positions in Qatar, Iraq, and 
Tunisia, and a robust second position in Oman, Palestine, and the Maldives as at 30 June 2024. 
Diversified and balanced international portfolio 
The Group has established a diversified and balanced international portfolio of telecommunications assets 
in eight countries in the MENA and South Asia regions, with a total consolidated customer base of 
approximately 49.7 million as at 30 June 2024. The Group believes that it has a geographically diverse 
mobile telecommunications business, with operations in relatively developed markets, such as Qatar,

--- Page 162 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
Kuwait and Oman, and in markets with a higher potential for growth, such as Iraq and Algeria. Moreover, 
the Group believes it has demonstrated an ability to grow telecommunications businesses in emerging 
markets, and that its diverse geographic base along with its leading market position in most of the markets 
in which it operates mitigates certain risks that would otherwise be associated with a narrow focus on 
fewer markets. 
Experienced international management team 
The Group's management team of industry professionals has significant experience in the mobile and 
fixed-line telecommunications sectors and a proven track record in growing telecommunications business 
in Qatar and internationally. In addition, the Group continues to appoint key personnel to better position 
its business for its next growth phase. The Group believes that the composition of its management team 
puts it in a strong position to successfully implement its strategies, as well as to improve its operating 
performance as the Group encounters opportunities to further monetise its significant investments in 
infrastructure to date. 
Senior Ooredoo executives sit on the boards of directors of all of Ooredoo's direct subsidiaries, including 
some of those in which the Group maintains only a minority shareholding, such as Asia Mobile Holdings, 
ensuring consistency with and implementation of the Group's overall strategy.  
Clear strategy 
Ooredoo's strategy aims to position the Group as a dynamic and innovative player in the 
telecommunications industry, strategically evolving into a smart telco. The emphasis lies on efficiency, 
value creation, and a forward-looking approach to navigate industry dynamics with resilience and 
adaptability. The Group is guided by clear strategic priorities consisting of five pillars, which aim to 
position Ooredoo as the partner of choice across its global footprint by strengthening and evolving the 
core business and identifying opportunities for it to accelerate growth. Ooredoo is transforming into a 
telecom and infrastructure holding with a delayered multi-business structure, optimising capital 
deployment and operational focus for increased asset returns in telecommunications operations, towers, 
data centres, sea cables and fibre business, and fintech. Ooredoo will continue its shift to a unified Group 
platform for enhanced decision-making, with a common ERP system across operations and related 
business processes. AI-based customer experience management and data monetisation will remain key 
areas of focus. Ooredoo continues to invest in its people, with a focus on talent acquisition and 
development, data analytics, and employee experience.  
Superior networks 
The Group has invested significantly in network infrastructure and modernised IT operations with a 
digital approach in six markets, ensuring it remains best-in-class.  
Products and Services 
The Group derives its revenue by providing telecommunications services to its customers, predominantly 
from mobile telecommunications services. The following table sets forth a summary of the Group's 
principal products and services offerings or licences it offers in the markets indicated.

--- Page 163 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Wireless Technologies 
Wireline Businesses 
Market 
Operator 
Mobile 
Telecommunications 
Mobile 
Broadband 
Fixed 
Network 
Other 
Services 
Operations 
 
 
 
 
 
MENA 
 
 
 
 
 
Qatar ........................................  
Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C. 
Tetra, GSM, 
WCDMA, LTE, NR 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+, NR 
Telephony, 
Fixed Internet 
Access, IPX 
FTTX(1) 
International 
Gateway TV, 
Corporate 
Managed 
Services 
VSAT 
Services Fibre 
Home 
Broadband, 
IPTV, 
Business 
Cloud Storage  
Kuwait .....................................  
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
GSM, WCDMA, 
LTE, NR 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+, NR  
FTTX(2) 
Corporate 
Managed 
Services, 
Business 
Cloud Storage 
Iraq ..........................................  
 
Asiacell 
GSM, WCDMA, 
LTE 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+ 
 
 
Oman .......................................  
Ooredoo 
Oman 
GSM, WCDMA, 
LTE, NR 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+, NR 
Telephony, 
Fixed Internet 
Access, 
FTTX, TD-
LTE, NR 
International 
Gateway 
Algeria .....................................  
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
GSM, WCDMA, 
LTE 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+ 
 
 
Tunisia .....................................  
Ooredoo 
Tunisia 
GSM, WCDMA, 
LTE 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+ 
Telephony, 
Fixed Internet 
Access, 
FTTX 
International 
Gateway 
Palestine ..................................  
Ooredoo 
Palestine 
GSM, WCDMA 
HSPA/HSPA+ 
 
International 
Gateway(3) 
Asia Pacific 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maldives ..................................  
Ooredoo 
Maldives 
GSM, WCDMA, 
LTE, NR 
HSPA/HSPA+, 
LTE/LTE+, NR 
Telephony, 
Fixed Internet 
Access, 
FTTX 
International 
Gateway 
 
 FTTX refers to broadband network architecture using optical fibre to provide all or part of the local loop used for last mile 
telecommunications. 
 FTTX in Kuwait offered through FASTtelco subsidiary. 
 Wataniya Palestine has an International Gateway licence but it is not operational since the Gateway is under the control of the Israeli 
authorities. 
 
Wireless Businesses 
Mobile Telecommunications 
The Group strategy includes phasing out old technologies as and when that particular market is ready for 
it; this largely depends on regulatory requirements, device ecosystem and market conditions. New 
technologies offer better customer experience and handle larger data volumes more efficiently thanks to 
higher spectrum efficiency. For example, Ooredoo Kuwait has already sunset (phased out) 3G, and 
Ooredoo Oman is currently in the process of doing so. The Group’s plan to sunset 3G will progressively 
extend to additional Ooredoo subsidiaries, at the right time, in order to ensure that the phasing out of the 
existing legacy technologies will not impact customer experience. The Group operates a number of 
different types of mobile technologies in the markets in which it operates: 
• 
TETRA: stands for Terrestrial Trunked Radio. It is a digital trunked mobile radio standard 
developed to meet the needs of traditional Professional Mobile Radio (PMR) user organisations 
such as various governmental, military, commercial and industrial organisations and companies. 
It is a digital mobile telecommunication system that allows two-way radio communications.

--- Page 164 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
• 
GSM: stands for Global System for Mobile Communications, a comprehensive digital network 
for the operation of all aspects of a cellular telephone system. GSM operates in the 900MHz and 
1.8GHz bands. By having a harmonised spectrum across most of the globe, GSM's international 
roaming capability is designed to allow users to access the same services when travelling abroad 
as they can at home. This type of mobile technology includes: 
• 
GPRS: stands for General Packet Radio Service, a packet-based telecommunications 
service designed to send and receive data at rates from 56 Kbps to 114 Kbps that is 
designed to allow continuous connection to the internet for mobile phone and computer 
uses. GPRS is a specification for data transfer over GSM networks. 
• 
EDGE: stands for Enhanced Data Rates for Global (GSM) Evolution, a technology 
providing up to three times the data capacity of GPRS. EDGE uses a new modulation 
scheme designed to enable data speeds of up to 384 Kbps within the existing GSM 
spectrum. EDGE uses the same structure as today's GSM networks, which allows it to be 
overlaid directly onto an existing GSM network. For many existing GSM/GPRS 
networks, EDGE is a simple software-upgrade. 
• 
CDMA: stands for Code Division Multiple Access. CDMA is a multiple access scheme for digital 
radio, to send voice, data and signalling information (such as a dialled telephone number) 
between mobile telephones and cell sites. CDMA permits several radios to share the same 
frequencies and network capacity and does not directly limit the number of active radios. Since 
larger numbers of phones can be served by smaller numbers of cell-sites, CDMA-based standards 
have a significant economic advantage over older standards. 
• 
WCDMA: stands for Wideband CDMA and is also known as spread spectrum or 3G cellular 
system which utilises a single frequency band for all traffic, differentiating the individual 
transmissions by assigning them unique codes before transmission. WCDMA operates in the 
900MHz and 2100MHz band. WCDMA enables the continued support of voice, text and MMS 
services in addition to richer mobile multimedia services such as: music, TV, video, 
entertainment content and internet access. This type of mobile technology includes: 
• 
HSPA: stands for High Speed Packet Access, an upgrade to the 3G/WCDMA network. It 
is a 3G wireless technology enhancement enabling significant increases in data 
transmission speeds. It allows increased mobile data traffic and improves the customer 
experience through the availability of 3G broadband services and significantly shorter 
data transfer times. In particular, HSDPA or High Speed Downlink Packet Access 
focuses on improving the speed of the download between network and mobile whereas 
HSUPA or High Speed Uplink Packet Access does the same for the data upload between 
mobile and network. HSDPA-DC or HSDPA Dual Carrier is an evolution of HSDPA 
which allows two frequency carriers to be used simultaneously in order to increase data 
speeds. The set of technologies including higher order modulations and Multiple Input 
Multiple Output antenna techniques, together with HSDPA-DC, are commonly known as 
HSPA+. 
• 
LTE (4G): stands for Long Term Evolution and is the fourth generation of mobile phone mobile 
communications standards. An LTE/4G system provides mobile ultra-broadband internet access, 
for example to laptops with USB wireless modems, to smartphones, and to other mobile devices. 
LTE refers to the ongoing process of improving wireless technology standards and increasing 
broadband speeds. LTE Advanced, also known as LTE+ or 4G+, is an evolution of LTE, 
comprising several technologies like carrier aggregation (which refers to frequency carriers being 
used simultaneously) and multiple input multiple output antenna techniques. LTE+ technologies 
allow for higher data transmission rates than all the previous wireless cellular systems. 
• 
NR (5G): stands for New Radio and is the fifth generation of mobile phone communication 
standards. NR is very similar to LTE but has more flexibility and scalability in terms of carrier 
bandwidths than LTE. In addition, technologies like Massive MIMO will increase the overall 
capacity. The new 5G core includes key technologies like network slicing to support a variety of 
use case requirements like minimised latency, maximised reliability or maximal throughput. NR

--- Page 165 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
can use the same frequencies as LTE, but also supports higher frequency bands like 3.5GHz and 
the millimetre-wave 28 GHz band, which offer larger bandwidths and therefore more capacity 
than the LTE bands. 
Mobile Broadband 
The Group offers mobile broadband services through HSPA, LTE and NR technologies (each discussed 
above). 
Wireline Businesses 
Fixed Network 
The Group provides fixed-line telecommunications services to both corporate and individual customers 
in Qatar, Oman, Kuwait, Maldives and Tunisia. The Group's fixed line network provides fixed line 
telecommunications services such as fixed-line telephony, television services and fixed narrowband and 
broadband internet access. As discussed above, the Group phases out old technology as and when this is 
needed. Within the Group’s operators providing fixed services, the migration from copper to fibre 
continues to be a natural evolution process. For example, Ooredoo Qatar is already deploying full fibre 
reach to its connected homes. 
Fixed line telephony. The Group's fixed line telephony services are available in Qatar, Oman, Kuwait, 
Maldives and Tunisia and provide connections from a customer's premises to the Group's fixed line 
telecommunications network. Throughout Qatar, Ooredoo provides digital fixed line telephony service, 
internet protocol telephony services and other related services such as caller ID, voicemail, conference 
calls, call restriction, information services and call forwarding. 
Fixed Internet Access. In response to the changing dynamics in the fixed line telecommunications market, 
such as fixed-to-mobile substitution and migration from narrowband usage to broadband usage, the Group 
has focused its efforts in the fixed-line market primarily on building its direct access and broadband 
customer bases. The Group's consumer fixed broadband was first launched in Qatar in 2002, and offers 
customers a number of products and services to enhance their access to data services. For example: 
Ooredoo offers home entertainment services in Qatar under its brand "Ooredoo TV", which combines 
applications, on-demand, and live television in a single box. The Ooredoo TV service deploys new fibre 
and Wi-Fi technology and delivers a range of channels in order to enable customers to pick a package 
that suits their viewing preferences. In addition, Ooredoo TV offers television in 4K (or Ultra HD) 
resolution and is the first commercial 4K television service to be offered in the Gulf region. Since its 
launch on 14 February 2016, Ooredoo TV has been installed in more than 199,180 Qatari households. 
Ooredoo has invested in a modern fibre optic network in Qatar, Kuwait, Oman, Tunisia, and Maldives, 
commonly known as "FTTx", and Ooredoo Oman has replaced its Wi-max network with LTE-TDD. 
FTTx is a fibre access network together with all its components, typically offering services like high-
speed internet, IPTV, video on demand and B2B services. Ooredoo has invested in FTTH ("fibre-to-the-
home") networks in several countries, including Qatar, Oman, Tunisia, Maldives and in Kuwait through 
Ooredoo Kuwait’s subsidiary FASTtelco. Ooredoo has also introduced FTTR ("fibre-to-the-room"), 
which is an extension of FTTH that focuses on providing fibre connectivity within individual rooms or 
spaces within a building. In some markets, taking advantages of the synergies it offers, the FTTX network 
is also used for meeting some transport network requirements (like backhaul) of the mobile network. 
Internetwork Packet Exchange ("IPX"). IPX is a connectivity platform offering integrated access to 
multiple data transport options over a converged IP network, supporting multiple services across 
networks. It supports a combination of services, including VoIPX, LTE roaming over IPX and messaging. 
IPX Connect is a key component of the LTE Roaming service, and supports data roaming from GRX to 
IPX. 
Corporate Managed Services. These are offered in most markets, but the key provider is Ooredoo Qatar. 
Ooredoo Qatar offers hosting and managed services to the domestic, regional & international businesses 
using its network of data centres located in and around Doha, Qatar. Equipped with colocation facilities 
and network platforms, these data centres provide highly reliable and secure facilities. In addition, they 
offer collaboration services based on Cisco HCS platform, Microsoft's cloud-based office 365 product 
suites for large and medium enterprise markets and private cloud bespoke solutions in response to the

--- Page 166 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
specific requirements of large businesses in Qatar and the surrounding region. Separately, Ooredoo Qatar 
also offers a whole suite of ICT products & solutions catering to various business verticals, security 
suites, Infrastructure as a Service ("Iaas") and Software as a Service ("SaaS").  For more information on 
the Group's data centres, please see Business Description of the Group⎯ Strategic Projects". 
Data Centres. As part of its strategy to carve-out its data centres and in response to growing market 
opportunities in data centre infrastructure, the Group has developed a comprehensive plan to optimise its 
data centre portfolio. The data centre infrastructure centralises IT operations and equipment for storing, 
processing, and disseminating data and applications. 
The strategy involves restructuring existing data centre assets in five key markets: Qatar, Iraq, Kuwait, 
Oman and Tunisia subject to regulatory approvals. These assets will be extracted from the Group's current 
operating companies and transferred to newly established data centre companies in each jurisdiction. 
These data centre companies will be consolidated under a holding company, MENA Digital Hub BV., 
based in the Netherlands. The goal is to create a regional, carrier-neutral data centre platform that can 
grow rapidly with dedicated, internationally recognised management. The Group is also exploring the 
option of selling a minority stake in the holding company to attract a reputable data centre operator with 
advanced management expertise. 
Currently, Ooredoo operates more than 34 data centres, totalling a capacity of over 30 megawatts. The 
26 data centres which are subject to the carve-out have a capacity of approximately 28 megawatts and 
are distributed across Qatar (6 centres, 15.6 MW), Kuwait (2 centres, 1.3 MW), Oman (6 centres, 7.1 
MW), Iraq (7 centres, 1.3 MW), and Tunisia (5 centres, 2.5 MW). These data centres offer a range of 
services, including co-location, and managed services such as security and monitoring. Data centres in 
Qatar, Kuwait, and Tunisia have already been carved out and are placed under new, independent entities. 
The carve-out process for data centres in other countries is ongoing, subject to legal and regulatory 
approvals. 
The Group plans to expand total capacity of the data centres included in the carve-out to over 120 
megawatts over the medium to long term, with an anticipated investment of approximately U.S.$1 billion. 
This investment will be financed through a mix of equity, debt, and free cash flow from operations. A 
significant portion of this investment is designated for "build-to-suit" projects, primarily for hyperscalers, 
as well as local corporates and government entities, supported by long-term contracts. External financing 
has been secured from three Qatari banks for a 10-year, QR2 billion (U.S.$549.5 million) committed 
facility, with the Qatari Data Centre company as the borrower (see "Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations⎯Current Trading and Recent 
Developments"). 
Additionally, the Group has established a service company in Qatar to provide technical support, 
management services, and other strategic services to the data centre companies. The CEO and technical 
support staff for each function have been appointed. 
International Gateways. The Group operates its own International Gateways in all of the markets in which 
it operates, except Algeria, Kuwait and Iraq. International Gateways provide a point of interconnection 
between an international carrier and a national carrier. An International Gateway commonly serves not 
only as a physical gate between the international and the national networks, but also as a point-of-protocol 
conversion. 
Telecommunications Operations 
Customers and Tariffs 
The Group's activities, which are predominantly related to providing mobile telecommunications 
services, generate revenue primarily as a function of: 
• 
the number of customers served, which in turn is a function of the Group's ability to acquire new 
customers and retain existing customers; and 
• 
the revenue generated from each customer, which in turn is a function of the types and amount 
of services utilised by each customer and the rates that the Group charges for those services.

--- Page 167 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
The Group offers mobile services to both corporate and individual customers. The services are sold 
through "postpaid" and "prepaid" plans. Postpaid customers subscribe for a minimum fixed term, payable 
on a monthly basis, while prepaid customers pay in advance for a fixed amount of airtime and services. 
The tariff structure differs between postpaid and prepaid plans, with prepaid customers generally subject 
to higher tariffs to offset the absence of monthly subscription fees. For example, in Qatar the CRA sets 
out the framework for the determination of tariffs, prices and charges and acts as an adjudicator in 
disputes. Various provisions of Ooredoo's licence and the Qatari Telecommunications Law require 
Ooredoo to disclose and in some cases obtain prior approval for its tariffs. 
Postpaid and prepaid customers generally have access to the same local and long-distance 
telecommunications services, including telephone calls and international direct long-distance dialling 
except with respect to international roaming where prepaid customers have access to fewer countries than 
do postpaid customers. In addition, the Group usually offers a variety of additional, connectivity and 
value added services, functions and features, including SMS, mobile data and facsimile services, 
voicemail, caller identification, call holding, call waiting and call forwarding. 
Data revenue has made up the majority of the Group's revenue since 2018.  Similar revenue from data 
services trends are evident in the wider industry trend and are expected to continue. 
In all the markets in which the Group operates, it offers operator-branded and non-branded digital and 
lifestyle services to its customers, such as mobile games, music (full track streaming, downloading and 
ring back tones), video on demand, sports updates, news alerts and infotainment. In some markets the 
Group offers more advanced services such as IPTV, mobile financial services and carrier billing facilities 
for services such as Google Play and Apple Store. In most cases, the operators partner with third parties 
to provide the services to their customers. 
Network Infrastructure 
The Group has developed integrated network infrastructure providing extensive coverage throughout the 
countries in which it operates. The Group's network infrastructure is fundamental to its ability to provide 
wireless and wireline services to its customers. The Group uses a variety of suppliers for its infrastructure 
throughout its operations. 
In order to extract optimal value and efficiencies from its digital infrastructure, the Group intends to carve 
out those assets into separate business units in which Ooredoo would retain control. These separates 
business units will be managed independently, applying international best practices for the specific asset 
class. 
Wireless Network 
The Group offers and maintains mobile telecommunications services, whether telephony or internet, or 
both, over its wireless network in every country in which it operates. When a voice call or a data 
transmission is made on a mobile device, voice or data is sent from the device and transmitted by low 
powered radio signals to the nearest base station, which in turn is connected to the core network of the 
relevant Group operating company via the access transmission infrastructure. Each base station provides 
coverage over a given geographic area, often referred to as a cell. Cells can be as small as an individual 
building or as large as 20 miles across and each is equipped with its own radio transmitter and receiver 
antenna. This network of cells provides, within certain limitations, coverage over the service area. When 
a customer using a mobile device approaches the boundary of one cell, the mobile network senses that 
the signal is becoming weak and automatically hands over the call to the transmission unit in the next cell 
into which the device is moving. 
The principal components of a mobile telecommunications network are: 
• 
base transceiver stations: consisting of a transmitter and receiver and serving as a bridge between 
mobile users in one cell and the mobile switching centre via base station controllers and radio 
network controllers; 
• 
base station controllers/radio network controller: devices that connect to and control the base 
station within each cell site;

--- Page 168 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
• 
mobile switching centres: control the base station controllers and the routing of telephone calls; 
• 
transmission lines: lines that link the mobile switching centres, base station controllers, base 
stations and fixed telecommunications networks; 
• 
home location register: a database residing in a local wireless network that contains service 
profiles and checks the identity of a local customer; 
• 
visitor location register: a network database that holds information about roaming wireless 
customers; 
• 
various platforms for other mobile services: for example the SMSC (the SMS centre) and the 
MMSC (the MMS centre); and 
• 
billing centre: a network database holding information about customer accounts and, for prepaid 
customers, a real time accounting of airtime and services used. 
Although these components are utilised in all of the countries in which the Group operates, each of the 
Group's subsidiaries operates and maintains its own network infrastructure (by itself or through partners). 
The Group maintains its networks in Oman and Kuwait via a managed services model through a partner; 
the Group is currently in the process of establishing the same managed services model for three other 
markets within which it operates. Under the laws of most of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, 
an owner of telecommunications infrastructure must also hold a licence to install, operate and provide 
services over the network, with the exception of Iraq and Kuwait, where a holder of a licence (or, in 
Kuwait, a general authorization by decree) is required to acquire, lease or otherwise obtain from other 
authorised telecommunication service providers transmission, back-haul or long distance capabilities for 
routing and transport of telecommunications traffic originating or terminating on its network. 
Wireline Network 
When communication takes place over fixed-line networks, the traffic flows over a traditional wired 
infrastructure until the point it reaches the operator's access gateway where it connects to the core 
transmission infrastructure. The Group currently offers fixed line telecommunications services, to both 
individual and corporate customers in Qatar, Oman, Kuwait, Maldives and Tunisia. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the regulatory authorities in Kuwait have announced their plans to liberalise Kuwait's 
infrastructure services and are in the process of selecting partners to facilitate the process, but no further 
actions have yet been announced or undertaken. See "⎯ Principal Operations⎯-Kuwait⎯Regulation". 
Marketing and Distribution 
Although the Group provides guidance to its subsidiaries as to best practices for developing their 
marketing and distribution activities, each subsidiary is responsible for marketing its services in the 
countries and regions in which it operates. As the number of products and services offered by the Group, 
particularly value-added and digital network services, continues to grow, the Group believes that 
increasing customer awareness of these new products and services is critical to its success. The Group 
seeks to increase consumer awareness of its new products and services, build customer loyalty, 
differentiate its services from those of its competitors, pick unique selling points, enhance customer 
experience and improve ease of use. 
In addition, the Group seeks to supplement its marketing efforts with corporate and event sponsorships. 
For example, Ooredoo are currently top sponsors of leading football club Paris Saint-Germain. 
The Group's sales structure utilises different types of distribution channels, adapted for different customer 
segments. In each market, the Group deploys the mix of channels that it believes is best suited for the 
demographics of the customers in that market. This typically includes a combination of direct account 
managers, owned shops, third party branded shops, third party unbranded shops, telephone and internet 
based sales.  
The Group is strongly focused on building online sales capabilities and increasing the penetration of 
online sales in its markets to shift sales from offline retail channels to online channels in order to better 
control and cost optimise the customer journey. In the telecommunications market, this is further driven

--- Page 169 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
by the introduction of the eSim, which makes a completely online sales and fulfilment process possible. 
This strategy focuses on the following key areas: enablement and setup of digital sales/ ecommerce 
platform suitable to the region; aiming to provide a best-in-class shopping user experience and customer 
journey across website and apps; end-to-end fulfilment process for order processing, logistics, picking 
packing and web to home delivery; the availability of assorted customer options for fulfilment (e.g., last 
mile, home delivery, click and collect, pick from store); and increasing ARPU by efficient upselling and 
cross selling through digital channels through effective use of digital analytics. 
Customer Relationship Management 
The Group provides after sales support through three channels: contact centres; its own and third party 
branded shops; and online and digital channels such as web portals, self-care applications and WhatsApp. 
Each subsidiary of the Group maintains its own database relating to services used by each customer in 
order to facilitate and tailor its customer care. 
In general, the Group believes customer care is an important mechanism for growing its revenue and 
increasing its customer base and all of its subsidiaries conduct detailed surveys relating to levels of 
customer satisfaction on at least a quarterly basis. In addition, the Group provides guidance on best 
practices to its subsidiaries to improve the efficiency of customer care channels and to reduce costs.  
The Group is focused on building digital customer relationships in line with changing customer 
behaviour, as customers increasingly expect to be able to do 'everything' on their screen. The Group has 
made this a focal point in its digital strategy, prioritising digital care initiatives across Group companies 
to build, maintain and grow digital care channels with a focus on online self-care transactions (including 
recharge and bundle sales on apps and online). Digital care initiatives include providing high-quality 
digital customer experiences, implementing and utilising app analytics capabilities to grow digital 
channels sustainably, building and streamlining self-care capabilities to allow customers to do more 
online, and providing additional digital care support channels via Facebook messenger, chatbot, and 
WhatsApp. 
Recent advancements in AI and technology are transforming Customer Relationship Management 
("CRM") by enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of customer support. AI-powered chatbots and 
virtual assistants provide instant, around-the-clock assistance, while predictive analytics anticipate 
customer needs, enabling personalized and proactive service. Machine learning improves personalization 
through better customer segmentation and tailored recommendations, and omnichannel integration 
ensures a seamless experience across various platforms. Sentiment analysis tools gauge customer 
feedback to identify areas for improvement, and automated CRM systems streamline repetitive tasks, 
allowing agents to focus on complex issues. By incorporating these technological innovations, the Group 
is not only aligning with evolving customer expectations but also significantly improving the quality and 
efficiency of its digital customer care initiatives. 
Competition 
Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market 
Share"), as at 30 June 2024 the Group was one of the top two largest operators by revenue in most of its 
key markets such as Qatar (#1 out of 2), Iraq (#1 out of 3), Oman (#2 out of 3) as well as in Tunisia (#1 
out of 3). Telecommunications markets are competitive, with numerous providers in most countries 
where the Group operates. Competition is also emerging from OTT operators offering services that may 
replace traditional telecommunications services such as SMS and international and national calls. The 
Group's principal competitors are other mobile network operators (and in some markets, mobile virtual 
network operators and integrated operators) in each of its geographic markets, many of whom are, or 
were, the original incumbent operators in their respective markets. Moreover, the mobile 
telecommunications business, in particular, has become increasingly competitive during recent years. 
Competition is based principally on brand, network coverage and technical quality, price, the availability 
of data services and value-added features and quality and responsiveness of customer service. The 
consumer broadband business is principally competitive based on speed of connection, data usage 
allowances and price of services. For a discussion of competition concerns for each of the Group's 
principal 
operations 
see 
"⎯-Principal 
Operations⎯-Qatar⎯-Competition", 
"⎯-Principal 
Operations⎯-Iraq⎯-Competition", "⎯-Principal Operations⎯-Algeria⎯-Regulation", "⎯-Principal 
Operations⎯-Oman⎯-Regulation" and "⎯-Principal Operations⎯-Kuwait⎯-Competition" below.

--- Page 170 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
Regulation 
Regulatory activities by national authorities in the countries in which the Group operates have a 
significant impact on the telecommunications sector and on the Group's business. The competitive 
environment is also impacted by regulation in a number of other areas, including the allocation of radio 
spectrum, the provision of network access to third parties and network sharing. The Group anticipates 
that regulation will continue to have a major influence on both the Group and the telecommunications 
industry. For a discussion of the regulatory framework in each of the Group's principal operations see 
"⎯-Principal Operations⎯-Qatar⎯-Regulation", "⎯-Principal Operations⎯-Iraq⎯-Regulation", 
"⎯-Principal Operations⎯-Algeria⎯-Regulation", "⎯-Principal Operations⎯-Oman⎯-Regulation" 
and "⎯-Principal Operations⎯-Kuwait⎯-Regulation" below. 
Licences 
The Group is dependent on the licences that each operating company holds to provide their 
telecommunications services. Further detail on the issue and regulation of licences is in the "Regulation" 
descriptions for each of the principal operations below. The table below summarises the significant fixed 
and mobile licences held by the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the Group's licences requires that the operating company complies with the terms of the licence 
and other relevant legislation in order to maintain the validity of the licences.  
Country 
Fixed Licence 
Mobile Licence 
Expiry Date 
Expiry Date 
Qatar 
6 October 2032 
6 October 2027 
Iraq 
- 
30 August 2027. This license may be renewed for an additional 
three years, subject to both parties' approval. 
Algeria 
- 
2G: 13 January 2029, 3G: 1 December 2028, 4G: 3 September 
2031 
Oman 
7 June 2034 
22 February 2035 
Kuwait 
- 
Indefinite(1) 
Tunisia 
May 2027 
2G: 13 May 2027, 3G: 23 May 2027, 4G: 14 March 2031 
 
 
 
Maldives 
31 January 2035 (VOIP)(2) 
31 January 2035 
Palestine 
- 
10 September 2029 
 
 In Kuwait, the Group operates under an Emiri Decree (rather than a licence) granting rights to deploy and operate a mobile network in 
Kuwait. However, the regulator has announced that it intends to introduce a licensing regime, in which case the license will have an expiry 
date. 
 During 2020, Ooredoo Maldives was issued a unified license for ISP and Mobile Service which merged both the fixed line (VOIP) and 
mobile services license into one, expiring on 31 January 2035. 
 
Sustainability 
The Group remains committed in its efforts to build a sustainable business and it continues to pursue 
environmental, social and governance ("ESG") targets to help build a sustainable legacy for all. As part 
of its sustainable mission, the Group has committed to the United Nations’ ("UN") seventeen pillar 
Sustainable Development Goals, which are dedicated to driving positive change. Additionally, the Group 
has established ESG working groups within its operations, together with applying more structured and 
challenging key performance indicators across its subsidiaries. The Group is currently working on 
adopting an ESG framework, implementing this across its operations. Linked to this, the Group has 
adopted more than fifty ESG recommendations. As part of its commitment to sustainability the Group 
seeks to ensure that its policies are transparent, making these publicly available on the Ooredoo website 
and each of the subsidiary’s websites. The Group has made its Sustainability Reports available since 
2020; the latest report was prepared in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI"), 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") and the International Sustainability Standards 
Board ("ISSB") reporting standards.  
In its commitment to sustainability, the Group has implemented a structure change via the formation of 
a Sustainability Committee. Following the formation of this committee the Group expects that targets

--- Page 171 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
will cascade through the subsidiaries in due course and that the sustainability discussion will be brought 
into Ooredoo board rooms. Via the formation of the committee, the Group aims to increase awareness 
and track progress of its sustainability goals. 
Qatar 
Overview 
Qatar is an Arab state in the Middle East, which shares a land border as well as maritime borders with 
Saudi Arabia and maritime borders with the Kingdom of Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and the 
Islamic Republic of Iran. According to the United Nations Statistics Division Demographic Yearbook 
2022 and the World Bank, Qatar has an area of approximately 11,637 square kilometres and a population 
of 2.8 million. According to the World Bank and the Qatar Central Bank, Qatar's estimated GDP per 
capita for 2022 was U.S.$87,661.5 with a real GDP growth of 3.9 per cent., with consumer price inflation 
rate for 2022 at 5.9 per cent. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, sovereign credit ratings for Qatar 
stood at AA (S&P), AA (Fitch) and Aa2 (Moody's), with all assigning a stable outlook. Ooredoo believes 
that Qatar's demographic profile forms a strong base for long-term demand for its consumer mobile 
services. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information— 
Industry, Market and Customer Data"), as at the date of the Base Prospectus mobile penetration in Qatar's 
mobile telecommunications market stood at approximately 150 per cent. 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is responsible for the Group's operations in Qatar, where it operates under the trading 
name "Ooredoo Qatar". As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo Qatar provided mobile telecommunications services 
in Qatar to approximately 2.7 million mobile customers. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see 
"Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), as at 30 June 2024 Ooredoo Qatar 
was the largest cellular operator in Qatar by number of customers, with an estimated 56 per cent. market 
share by subscribers. In the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group's operations in Qatar generated 
revenues of QR3,579 million (U.S.$982.8 million), which amounted to 30 per cent. (before intragroup 
eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue. 
Customers and Tariffs 
Ooredoo Qatar is a full-service telecommunications provider, offering a comprehensive range of mobile, 
fixed, broadband internet and corporate managed services tailored to the needs of consumers and 
businesses. 
Ooredoo Qatar offers wireless services in Qatar on both a prepaid basis and a postpaid basis and through 
various tariff plans. As at 30 June 2024, 69 per cent. of Ooredoo Qatar's mobile customers in Qatar were 
prepaid customers and 31 per cent. were postpaid customers. 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Qatar's mobile customers in Qatar as at 
31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 and 30 June 2023 and 2024. 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
Mobile customers (in thousands):(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepaid customers ........................................ 
2,072 
2,416 
1,840 
1,810 
1,822 
Postpaid customers(2) .................................... 
786 
872 
830 
799 
836 
Total ............................................................ 
2,858 
3,288 
2,670 
2,609 
2,658 
 
 "Mobile customers" includes total registered and active mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Ooredoo Qatar defines an active 
customer as: (i) in the case of a postpaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has no outstanding balance beyond credit limit on 
the account more than 110 days after the last statement date; or (ii) in the case of a prepaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and 
has not failed to recharge within 90 days of validity expiry. In each of "prepaid customers" and "postpaid customers", customer mobile 
numbers include both voice customers and mobile broadband customers. 
 Includes wireless broadband customers. 
 
In 2023, the customer base in Qatar declined due to a change in the definition of prepaid customers, which 
now includes those active for 90 days instead of the previous 365 days. Additionally, the decline reflects 
the impact of 2022 World Cup-related connections, which had temporarily boosted the customer base but

--- Page 172 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
did not carry over into 2023 as those customers departed. On a like-for-like basis, the customer base in 
Qatar increased by 2 per cent. year-on-year in 2023. 
In addition to its mobile customers, Ooredoo Qatar also had 313.1 thousand fixed line customers as at 
30 June 2024. 
Ooredoo Qatar, as the incumbent telecommunications provider in Qatar, has an established brand, a 
robust network infrastructure and an extensive distribution network. Vodafone Qatar launched its mobile 
telecommunications services in Qatar from March 2009. Until March 2009, Ooredoo Qatar (then known 
as Qatar Telecom (Qtel) Q.S.C.) was the sole telecommunications provider in Qatar. 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Qatar's ARPU in Qatar for the periods indicated. 
 
For the three months ended  
31 December 
For the three months ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
 
(QR) 
 
 
ARPU(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
Postpaid .......................................................... 
284.4 
269.0 
256.4 
264.6 
252.4 
Prepaid ........................................................... 
42.6 
41.1 
35.5 
33.5 
33 
Blended ARPU ............................................... 
109.5 
109.7 
104.0 
104.2 
101.1 
 
 For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information⎯Industry, Market and Customer 
Data⎯ARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 
Ooredoo Qatar offers prepaid plans to individual customers in Qatar under the brand name "Hala". 
Customers accessing the Hala service pay an up-front fee for a set amount of services and receive a 
prepaid SIM card that has an initial credit. This credit can be replenished by a variety of means, including 
at physical points of sale, such as news-stands, grocery shops, kiosks, ATMs, by using the Ooredoo 
Mobile application and over the Internet. Ooredoo Qatar offers a variety of branded consumer and 
business-oriented products and services to its prepaid customers in Qatar. In addition to the standard Hala 
service, Ooredoo Qatar offers Hala Packs, which offer bundles of call time, SMS messages and mobile 
data. 
Ooredoo Qatar offers postpaid plans to businesses in Qatar under the "Shahry", Aamali and Qatarna brand 
names. These monthly services enable customers to choose from a variety of packages, most of which 
includes a number of local voice minutes, SMS, MMS and internet download options at rates that are 
generally lower than those available under Ooredoo Qatar's prepaid services. 
In line with the Group's strategy to be a leading provider of data services, Ooredoo Qatar also offers 
mobile internet packs for smartphones, tablets, laptops and computers, as well other connected devices, 
as well as a roaming service called "Ooredoo Passport", which is a roaming service that provides voice, 
SMS and mobile data when travelling overseas. 
Consistent with Ooredoo's strategy to develop value-added smart and digital services to complement the 
increasing trend for data, Ooredoo established OFTI, which currently operates in Qatar, Oman and the 
Maldives. The main services offered in these markets are international remittance and salary 
disbursement. With around 500,000 active users and transaction volume of over U.S.$6 billion per year, 
OFTI is a systemically relevant player in Qatar and already one of the largest fintech businesses in the 
region.  In Qatar, the company (in conjunction with Qatar National Bank) offers a service called "Mobile 
Money", which is a mobile wallet service that allows customers in Qatar to deposit, withdraw, pay and 
send money securely through their phones. A significant milestone was the launch of ‘walletii by 
Ooredoo’ in Oman, a pioneering mobile wallet app featuring a remittance marketplace that allows users 
to select from multiple providers for the best rates. This launch marks a crucial advancement in OFTI’s 
strategy to extend its successful fintech solutions throughout MENA, driving financial inclusion and 
innovation across the region. OFTI is also making progress in Tunisia, Kuwait, and Iraq, where it is 
applying for Payment Service Provider licenses to establish its presence. 
In addition to mobile services, Ooredoo Qatar also offers a varied portfolio of fixed line services for 
homes and businesses. It provides landlines across Qatar, offering free calls to local landlines, as well as

--- Page 173 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
mobile and international calling. In addition, Ooredoo Qatar's nationwide FTTP network provides fast 
internet connections for homes and businesses. Ooredoo Qatar is a leading provider of digital 
entertainment services for the home, through Ooredoo TV, the region's first commercial 4K TV offering, 
combining apps, on-demand and live television in one box.  
Ooredoo Qatar's investment in nationwide infrastructure, including 5G networks, 4G+ networks, fibre 
networks and Ooredoo Data Centre, enables the company to provide a broad range of business services 
for companies ranging from small and home offices through to large-scale enterprises, as well as 
government and public institutions. Launched in 2006, Ooredoo Data Centre offers a full suite of 
enterprise services, supporting innovative new technologies and delivering security and control for 
organisations' important digital and data assets. The Data Centre has enabled Ooredoo Qatar to provide 
Cloud Services to companies across Qatar, including Cloud Security, Infrastructure as a Service, Voice 
and Collaboration Suites, Fleet Management, Disaster Recovery and Data Centre Services. It also 
provides co-location and hosted Cloud Services. Ooredoo Qatar has also been awarded a major contract 
by the Qatar government to provide the central platform for the foundation of Qatar's transformation into 
a "Smart Nation", a sustainable, technology-driven nation. Ooredoo Qatar is the key partner in this 
initiative, called TASMU, which will oversee and manage the digital development of Qatar by providing 
structure, governance and delivery enablement for the implementation of smart technologies across five 
national priority sectors: transportation, logistics, healthcare, environment and sports. As noted above, 
Ooredoo Qatar is moving its data centres in Qatar to its separate data centre company, please see Business 
Description of the Group⎯ Strategic Projects". 
For the business sector, Ooredoo Qatar provides fixed line connectivity services with high-quality and 
self-managed voice services as well through advanced ISDN-PRI and BRI. 
In addition, Ooredoo Qatar also supports machine-to-machine services, known as "M2M", which lets 
companies enable their business assets to communicate directly with each other and automate day-to-day 
tasks. It provides TETRA, a two-way transceiver system (popularly known as the walkie-talkie) that is 
designed for professional mobile radio applications and for use in mission critical scenarios. 
Ooredoo Qatar offers business SMS and USSD services, ISDN and toll-free line support, Internet and 
Ethernet VPN, and VSAT Internet services for remotely located offices and worksites. 
Ooredoo Qatar also entered into a joint venture called Intaleq with Aspire Zone Foundation. The joint 
venture was engaged in the delivery, management operations and support of ICT systems supporting the 
stadiums for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. 
Network Infrastructure 
As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo Qatar's mobile telecommunications network in Qatar comprised over 1,934 
outdoor cell sites (the definition of which differs from company to company, although Ooredoo Qatar 
defines a cell site as the infrastructure and radio equipment associated with a cellular transmitting and 
receiving station, including land, building, tower, antennas and electrical equipment) and over 831 indoor 
cell sites. Ooredoo Qatar regularly monitors congestion on its network to assess whether the network has 
sufficient capacity to meet the volume of traffic. Since 2009, Ooredoo Qatar has also benefited from a 
partnership with Vodafone Qatar for outdoor and indoor site sharing, which allows, inter alia, the sharing 
of certain mobile towers between the two companies and the sharing of other infrastructure. 
In early 2010, Ooredoo Qatar completed the upgrade of its existing mobile broadband network and base 
stations, allowing it to provide high speed downlink packet access (HSDPA) for Qatar, allowing users to 
benefit from improved data download speeds and has been rolling out "Fibre to the Home" ("FTTH"), 
with a stated aim of linking homes across Qatar with fibre connections and allowing them to enjoy ultra-
high speed internet and other additional services such as high definition (HD) digital television. As at 30 
June 2024, Ooredoo Qatar had connected around 577,442 households to its FTTX network. 
As a result of increasing international capacity requirements, Ooredoo has invested in a number of global 
cables in order to connect to important and strategic internet data centres in Europe, the United States and 
Asia. The first of these global cables, the FALCON cable, was connected to Qatar in 2005. In November 
2009, Ooredoo entered into a second global cable agreement with TATA Communications for the 
connection of the TGN (TATA Global Network) Gulf Cable in Qatar. The TGN Gulf Cable system

--- Page 174 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
became operational in 2012, facilitating access for carriers and businesses with a direct route into 
emerging markets of the Gulf region. A third global cable, the Gulf Bridge International (GBI) submarine 
cable, was connected to Qatar in 2012, further enhancing the diversity and resilience of the Ooredoo 
network.  
Ooredoo owns capacity on multiple global cables (SMW3, SMW4 and IMEWE) connecting Qatar to 
Europe, the United States and Asia through the UAE and Saudi Arabia. Ooredoo is part of the Fibre Optic 
Gulf (FOG) and Qatar-UAE Bilateral (Das-Halul) Cable Consortiums and is interconnected terrestrially 
with all three operators in Saudi Arabia. In 2014 and 2015, Ooredoo invested in the global consortiums, 
AAE-1 and SMW5 Cable, for landing in Qatar and Oman.  
In May 2018, Ooredoo Qatar launched the world's first live 5G network in Doha, then worked to upgrade 
its network to support 5G-compatible devices, including the installation of more 5G-enabled network 
towers. In December 2018, the Communications Regulatory Authority assigned the 5G spectrum for 
commercial use and granted Ooredoo Qatar its spectrum licence for 5G. Ooredoo Qatar has recently 
conducted trials within the 200 MHz spectrum and achieved speeds up to 4.2 Gbps. The technology, 
deployed within the network, uses advanced 5G and 4G carrier aggregation functionality, increasing the 
data rate per user by assigning multiple frequency blocks to the same user.  
Marketing and Distribution 
Ooredoo Qatar sells its mobile telecommunications services in Qatar through indirect channels (third 
party distributors and electronic channels), Ooredoo-owned shops and through a sales force focused on 
the corporate sector. In addition, Ooredoo Qatar also currently sells a limited number of handsets through 
its subsidiary Starlink. Ooredoo Qatar also sells through online channels, both its own as well as through 
third-party online channels. 
As at 30 June 2024, customers in Qatar can apply for prepaid mobile services, postpaid mobile services, 
fixed services and can pay their bills at more than 70 outlets operated by five premium dealers throughout 
Qatar and through digital channels. 
Ooredoo Qatar has agreements with three principal national distributors that together cater to over 2,500 
sales outlets. These distributors sell mostly prepaid services to the middle-to lower-income market. In 
addition to this indirect channel, Ooredoo Qatar owns and directly operates ten shops and owns 13 
franchise shops operated by third parties, in addition to 20 express shops owned and operated by third 
parties and branded by Ooredoo. Each of these shops also act as points of service and support its 
customers. Ooredoo's sales force focuses on selling telecommunications services to corporate customers 
and high-value users. 
Competition 
Until March 2009, Ooredoo Qatar was the sole telecommunications provider in Qatar and was not subject 
to competition from other service providers, except in certain limited circumstances, including where it 
permitted third parties to sell products or provide services that competed with products and services that 
it provided. However, in keeping with the trend throughout the MENA region toward liberalising 
telecommunications markets, the CRA (then known as ictQATAR) issued a licence to provide mobile 
telecommunications services in Qatar to Vodafone Qatar. Vodafone Qatar began offering its mobile 
services in Qatar in March 2009 and obtained a licence to operate a fixed line service on 29 April 2010. 
Although Ooredoo Qatar lost some of its market share when Vodafone Qatar was first launched, based 
on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), 
it maintained a telecom revenue market share of around 70 per cent. in Qatar as at 30 June 2024. 
Regulation  
The telecommunications regulatory authority in Qatar, the CRA (and formerly ictQATAR), grants 
licences to service providers, implements policies designed to promote competition in the 
telecommunications sector in Qatar and imposes and monitors specific regulatory obligations for 
dominant operators. For a discussion of the financial impact of granting a licence to competitors, see 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations⎯Factors 
Affecting Results of Operations⎯Royalties and Fees⎯Qatar".

--- Page 175 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
Under the Licence and Industry Fees Decision, Ooredoo is obligated to pay to the CRA an annual industry 
fee of 12.5 per cent. on adjusted profits generated from Ooredoo's operations in Qatar, as well as a licence 
fee of 1.5 per cent. of gross revenues generated by provision of licensed telecommunication services. For 
the purposes of calculating the industry fee, adjusted net profits are calculated as the difference between 
Ooredoo's net revenue and any allowable operating expenses that Ooredoo has incurred in the relevant 
calendar year that are directly related to its regulated activities under its telecommunications licence. 
In October 2011, following the MDDD Review, the CRA designated Ooredoo Qatar as a dominant 
service provider in all 14 relevant telecommunications markets in Qatar. The telecommunications 
markets were split into retail markets, which include publicly available fixed and mobile services, 
broadband services and retail leased lines; and wholesale markets, which include call origination and call 
termination, transit services, wholesale leased lines and access to and the use of physical passive network 
infrastructure (such as ducts, dark fibre, copper, sites, towers and international gateway facilities) at fixed 
locations. From the MDDD Review, Vodafone Qatar was also designated as a dominant service provider 
in two wholesale telecommunications markets. Under the Qatari Telecommunications Law, the licences 
issued to Ooredoo Qatar and Vodafone Qatar, and other regulatory instruments, the designation as a 
dominant service provider triggers a range of regulatory obligations, such as the requirement to obtain 
tariff approval from the CRA and the prohibition of activities constituting an abuse of dominant position, 
such as undue price discrimination, certain forms of bundling and tying, some forms of cross-
subsidisation and refusal to supply. In 2016, the CRA undertook a subsequent MDDD review, following 
which it lifted the designation of Ooredoo Qatar as a dominant service in the retail mobile market, which 
lifted a number of regulatory obligations in relation to tariff approval. Ooredoo Qatar retained its 
dominant provider designation within the relevant retail fixed telecommunication markets. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, there are no dominant mobile service providers designated in Qatar. 
The CRA has, over the years, intervened to set the rates that Ooredoo Qatar and Vodafone Qatar should 
pay each other in respect of interconnection charges and for other types of infrastructure access services, 
typically based on cost. Moreover, the CRA requires telecom network operators who have been 
designated as dominant service providers to obtain its prior approval before setting retail tariffs for public 
telecommunication services.  
The CRA has held a number of public consultations in a range of areas, including the rollout of 
infrastructure for new large-scale projects and developments, amendments to licensing requirements, 
wholesale reference offers and service quality. If required, the CRA (or the Minister of Communication 
and Information Technology as the case may require) may issue additional licences. The CRA has 
previously issued two licenses (to United Development Company PSC and the Qatar National Broadband 
Network ("QNBN")) that enable these companies to construct passive telecommunications networks, 
consisting of the cables and towers capable of transmitting telecommunications services. The holders of 
such passive licences may lease or rent such network facilities to certain qualifying persons, including 
licensed telecommunications providers, on a non-discriminatory basis. In 2019, the CRA published a 
policy for an internet exchange in Qatar, which became operational in 2020.  
QNBN was established by ictQATAR in 2011, and is focused upon deploying passive dark fibre network 
infrastructure and providing equal and open access to telecommunications services providers on a 
wholesale basis, and to close user groups on a retail basis. In April 2012, Ooredoo Qatar signed an 
agreement with QNBN providing QNBN access to all public telecommunications ducts and associated 
network elements owned by Ooredoo Qatar prior to the execution of the agreement. The activities under 
this agreement have since been suspended during the dispute resolution process with QNBN. This dispute 
was ultimately resolved with the QNBN and Ooredoo Qatar resumed providing these wholesale service 
to QNBN in 2023 under the terms of standard reference access offer. Ooredoo also provides the same 
duct access services to Vodafone Qatar. 
Mobile number portability services, allowing customers to switch mobile service providers whilst 
retaining their existing telephone numbers, became operational in Qatar in January 2013, followed by 
fixed number portability services in mid-2020. The CRA has established a centralised "Numbering 
Management System" to be used by licensed telecommunications service providers, automating all the 
numbering resource management functions, including numbering block allocations, reservations and 
reporting.

--- Page 176 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Iraq 
Overview 
Iraq shares a border with Jordan, Iran, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Syria and Turkey. A small part of its 
territory also borders the Arabian Gulf. According to the United Nations Statistics Division Demographic 
Yearbook 2022, Iraq covers an area of approximately 435,052 square kilometres and, according to the 
World Fact Book published by the Central Intelligence Agency, it had an estimated population of 42.1 
million inhabitants in 2022. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and 
Other Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data"), as at the date of the Base Prospectus, mobile 
penetration in Iraq was approximately 101 per cent. for 2022. 
As the first company to achieve nationwide coverage in Iraq, Asiacell has been the largest cellular 
operator in Iraq by revenue share since 2021. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation 
of Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), at 30 June 2024 Asiacell had an estimated 42  
per cent. market share by subscribers if Korek Telecom (another telecom operator in Iraq which is 
currently restricted) is included (49 per cent. if Korek Telecom is not considered) and had an established 
brand and distribution network covering all 19 governorates of Iraq. For the six months ended 30 June 
2024, the Group's operations in Iraq generated revenues of QR2,486 million (U.S.$682.7 million), which 
amounted to 21 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated revenue.  
As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo held a 64.1 per cent. effective economic stake in Asiacell. Asiacell provided 
mobile telecommunications services in Iraq to 18.3 million mobile customers as at 30 June 2024. 
In Iraq, telecommunications services have achieved comparatively low levels of market penetration. 
While Iraq had a relatively low per capita GDP of U.S.$5,937.2 in 2022, according to the World Bank, 
the Group believes that Iraq's attractive demographic profile, stabilised security situation and the 
significant economic growth opportunities available to Iraq, principally through hydrocarbons, forms a 
strong base for long-term demand growth for consumer mobile services. 
Customers and Tariffs 
The following table presents information about Asiacell's total mobile customers as at 31 December 2021, 
2022 and 2023 and 30 June 2023 and 2024.  
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
Mobile customers (in thousands)(1) .......................  
 
15,985 
17,094 
17,694 
17,093 
18,329 
 
 "Mobile customers" includes all registered mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Asiacell defines a registered mobile customer 
as one that has any chargeable event in the previous 90 days. 
 
The ARPU of Asiacell has declined slightly in recent years, reflecting pricing pressures driven by 
increased competition, although in 2023 it increased, driven by increased mobility during the Arbaeen 
pilgrimage, which saw attendance of over 22 million people.  
The following table presents information about Asiacell's ARPU for the periods indicated. 
 
For the three months ended  
31 December 
For the three months ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
 
(QR) 
 
(unaudited) 
ARPU(1) ................................................................... 
19.2 
18.8 
24.8 
21.8 
22.8 
 
 For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations⎯Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations⎯ARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise 
reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 
Asiacell offers wireless services in Iraq primarily on a prepaid basis, with several product lines. Asiacell 
offers a variety of branded consumer and business-oriented prepaid services that allow customers in Iraq

--- Page 177 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
to select the plan most suitable to their patterns of usage, with a particular emphasis on offering packages 
that are simpler and more basic than those offered by the Group in its more developed markets. 
Customers accessing Asiacell's prepaid services in Iraq pay an up-front fee for a set amount of services 
and receive a prepaid SIM card that has a fixed credit that can be replenished at physical points of sale, 
such as newsstands, own shops, supermarkets and retail shops. Asiacell offers a variety of branded 
consumer and business-oriented prepaid services that allow customers in Iraq to select the plan most 
suitable to their patterns of usage.  
Asiacell also offers some wireless services on a postpaid basis, but these services are limited in number 
and do not constitute a significant part of Asiacell's business (only 1 per cent. of Asiacell's total customer 
base as at 30 June 2024).  
Network Infrastructure 
As at 30 June 2024, Asiacell's mobile telecommunications network in Iraq comprised over 7,600 cell 
sites (which is the largest in the country in terms of number of sites and coverage), 20 media gateways 
and six mobile switching systems. Asiacell regularly monitors congestion on its network to assess 
whether the network has sufficient capacity to meet the volume of traffic. The service network is backed 
up by a 24-hour service call centre that offers services to customers in three languages (Arabic, English 
and Kurdish). Call centres are located in different regions in Iraq to ensure business continuity.  
Marketing and Distribution 
Asiacell sells its mobile telecommunications services in Iraq through indirect channels (third-party 
distributors) and stores managed by Asiacell. Asiacell operates 15 directly-owned branded retail outlets, 
and 129 franchised stores. 
Asiacell has agreements with a large number of regional distributors that together distribute to over 
13,000 sales outlets. 
Competition 
There are three national mobile telecommunications operators in Iraq which hold nationwide licences: 
Asiacell, Zain and Korek Telecom. In general, competition in Iraq is characterised by an emphasis on 
pricing, tariffs, promotions, capacity, coverage and reliability. 
Regulation 
In March 2004, the Coalition Provisional Authority issued Order No. 65, which established the 
Communications and Media Commission (the "CMC") as an independent and non-profit regulator of the 
Iraqi telecommunications sector. The CMC assumed this role from the Iraqi Ministry of Communications. 
The CMC's responsibilities include: (i) licensing and regulating telecommunications, broadcasting, 
information services and other media in Iraq; (ii) assisting with the development of telecommunications 
infrastructure in Iraq; (iii) establishing a framework for full and fair competition among all 
telecommunications providers; and (iv) encouraging the evolution of electronic media and 
communications networks for all Iraqi residents. There is no telecommunication law in Iraq as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, although a draft telecommunications law was under discussion and the CMC has 
issued different regulations from time to time in order to bridge any material gaps until the draft 
legislation is finalised. Currently the CMC is conducting public consultation and studies on various areas 
relating to fixed wireless access and ICT accessibility. It is expected that, at the end of the process, the 
CMC will issue the relevant regulations to govern substantially all important areas of the 
telecommunications sector.  
In August 2007, the CMC granted Asiacell a fifteen-year licence, which may be extended by an additional 
five years, to provide 2G mobile telecommunication services throughout Iraq. In November 2014, the 
CMC granted an amendment to this licence allocating additional frequencies to Asiacell for the provision 
of 3G services, for a licence fee of U.S.$307 million. This licence is the main source of Asiacell's 
regulatory obligations. The licence originally required that Asiacell pay a licence fee of U.S.$1.25 billion 
to the CMC, the final instalment of which was paid in September 2011, making Asiacell the first 
telecommunications company in Iraq to pay the licence fee in full. In addition, the licence requires that

--- Page 178 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
Asiacell pays a regulatory fee of 18.0 per cent. of its gross revenues, reduced to 15.0 per cent. provided 
that the level of Iraqi participation in Asiacell remains at 51.0 per cent. or above. In addition to this 
regulatory fee, the licence also requires Asiacell to pay a 1.5 per cent. for universal services. There is an 
ongoing dispute between the CMC and Asiacell as to whether Asiacell has a level of Iraqi participation 
of at least 51.0 per cent. and therefore is able to benefit from the lower fee rate. Although Asiacell has 
received a favourable ruling on this matter from the Kurdistan Court of Cassation in 2016, the CMC 
continues to dispute the ruling as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Asiacell successfully applied for an 
Injunction to cease CMC's continuous demands of payment for the licence fees and penalties. The CMC 
has appealed the Injunction before different judicial authorities in Iraq. The Kurdistan Court of Cassation 
issued a ruling upholding the Injunction for the CMC to stop it's payment demands in respect to the 
license fees and penalties. See "Risk Factors⎯Risks Relating to Countries in which the Group Operates 
– The Group is subject to the risks of political, social and economic instability associated with countries 
and regions in which it operates or may seek to operate⎯Regulatory uncertainties in Iraq". 
On 14 February 2021, Asiacell executed an annex to its existing licence with the CMC, renewing 
Asiacell's licence until 30 August 2027 with a possible extension of an additional three years upon the 
agreement of both parties, and authorising Asiacell to provide 4G services in Iraq. The renewal was 
initially delayed by the filing of a civil case by certain Iraqi parliamentarians against the Iraqi government, 
the CMC and the mobile telecommunications operators in Iraq. The appeals court confirmed the legality 
of the CMC's second decision to renew the licenses and the Supreme Judicial Council confirmed that the 
court of appeals' decision may be enforced. The court of appeals decision was appealed to the court of 
cassation. 
In October 2015 the CMC announced its intention to introduce a fourth mobile operator in Iraq and issued 
a request for expression of interest in November 2015. The CMC has stated that this fourth mobile licence 
will be subject to a bidding process, although no date has been set for the bid as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. In connection therewith, in September 2020 the Iraqi parliament passed a resolution obliging 
the government to establish a national telecommunications company and grant it a telecommunications 
license in order to increase competition in the market as well as to increase financial revenues for the 
annual federal budget. The resolution obliges the CMC and the relevant authorities to provide all 
financial, technical, legal and administrative requirements for the establishment of this company, 
although as of the date of this Base Prospectus no actions have yet been taken in respect of this resolution. 
More recently, in October 2023, the Iraq Council of Ministers authorised the CMC to grant the Fourth 
License to Al-Salam State Company, a subsidiary of the Iraqi Ministry of Communications. The Iraq 
Ministry of Communications had been directed to establish a Joint Venture between Al-Salam State 
Company and a global mobile operator. Cooperation and work in relation to the license is under way 
between the CMC and the Iraq Ministry of Communications to complete the process for granting the 
license. See "Risk Relating to the Group - The Group may face increased competition from new entrants 
or established telecommunications operators in the markets in which it operates". See "Risk Relating to 
the Group ⎯ The Group may face increased competition from new entrants or established 
telecommunications operators in the markets in which it operates". 
Algeria 
Overview 
Algeria is a sovereign state in North Africa on the Mediterranean coast, bordered to the north-east by 
Tunisia, to the east by Libya, to the west by Morocco, to the southwest by Western Sahara, Mauritania, 
and Mali, to the south-east by Niger, and to the north by the Mediterranean Sea. According to the United 
Nations Statistics Division Demographic Yearbook 2022, Algeria has an area of approximately 2,381,741 
square kilometres and has an estimated population of 44.6 million. Algeria had a GDP per capita of 
U.S.$5,260 for 2023 and a GDP annual growth rate of 4.1 per cent. in 2023, according to the World Bank. 
As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo Algeria was the third largest cellular operator in Algeria by number of 
customers based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Market Share"), with an estimated 25 per cent. market share by subscribers. As at 30 June 
2024, Ooredoo Algeria provided mobile telecommunications services in Algeria to 13.7 million mobile 
customers. It has an established brand and extensive distribution network covering 58 provinces (or 
Wilayas) in Algeria. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other

--- Page 179 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
Information— Industry, Market and Customer Data"), the market penetration in Algeria's mobile 
telecommunications market was approximately 117 per cent. at the end of 2023. 
In the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group's operations in Algeria generated revenues of QR1,345 
million (U.S.$369.3 million), which amounted to 11 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the 
Group's consolidated revenues. 
Ooredoo Algeria is one of the market leaders in Algeria in 4G and data services for the six months ended 
30 June 2024 and it was the first mobile operator in Algeria to introduce multimedia services.  
Customers and Tariffs 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Algeria's prepaid and postpaid mobile customers 
in Algeria as at 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 and 30 June 2023 and 2024. 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
Mobile customers (in thousands):(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepaid .................................................................... 
11,575 
11,754 
11,858 
11,698 
11,591 
Postpaid ................................................................... 
1,089 
1,105 
1,363 
1,157 
1,982 
Wireless broadband ................................................. 
170 
175 
151 
166 
156 
Total ....................................................................... 
12,834 
13,034 
13,371 
13,020 
13,729 
 
 "Mobile customers" includes total registered mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Ooredoo Algeria defines a registered 
customer as: (i) in the case of a postpaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has no outstanding balance remaining on the account 
more than 120 days after the last statement date; or (ii) in the case of a prepaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has not failed 
to recharge within 120 days of validity expiry. 
 
While the mobile telecommunications market in Algeria is competitive and often driven by pricing 
competition, Ooredoo Algeria believes that there remains room for revenue growth. Formerly known as 
"Nedjma", the company has been in operation in Algeria since 2004, and was subsequently rebranded as 
"Ooredoo" in 2013. Ooredoo Algeria offers mobile voice, data and broadband services to both retail and 
business customers and has launched mobile voice and data "bundle" packages to its retail customers. 
Mobile voice and data services are offered to retail customers on both a pre-paid and post-paid basis. 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Algeria's ARPU in Algeria for the periods 
indicated. 
 
For the three months ended 
31 December 
For the three months ended 
30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
 
 
 
(QR) 
 
 
ARPU(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepaid .................................................................... 
12.8 
12.6 
14.3 
13.3 
14.6 
Postpaid ................................................................... 
36.9 
34.0 
37.6 
35.5 
30.1 
Blended ARPU ........................................................ 
14.9 
14.4 
16.4 
15.3 
16.7 
 
 For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations⎯Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations⎯ARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise 
reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 
Network Infrastructure 
As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo Algeria's mobile telecommunications network in Algeria comprised 7,310 
physical cell sites and four switches. Ooredoo Algeria's network infrastructure consists of GSM/UMTS 
network deployed on Single RAN Technology, Core CS/PS deployed on four different locations, a NGN 
IP-MPLS at the heart of the technical architecture, four points of presence and internet traffic exchange 
and an extensive fibre optic network of 3,547 km connecting major network elements across the country.

--- Page 180 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
Marketing and Distribution  
Ooredoo Algeria distributes its products and services through direct and indirect channels. As at 30 June 
2024, its direct sales network covers 58 provinces (or Wilayas) and is comprised of 99 own-branded 
shops called "Ooredoo Spaces", 95 franchised shops and 36 "City Shops". Ooredoo Algeria also has an 
indirect sales network comprised of approximately 9,739 points-of-sale and 400 "Ooredoo Services 
Space" spread across the 58 Wilayas to meet customers' needs. In addition, in 2013, Ooredoo Algeria 
entered into a strategic partnership with Algéria Post to allow for the distribution of Ooredoo Algeria 
products and services through Algéria Post's 3,500 post offices.  
Competition 
There are three national mobile telecommunications operators in Algeria which hold nationwide licences: 
Djezzy, Mobilis (which is a subsidiary of Groupe Télécom Algérie) and Ooredoo Algeria. With the 
Algerian state holding 97 per cent. of the shares in Djezzy and Mobilis being a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of the state-owned Groupe Télécom Algérie, Ooredoo Algeria is the only privately owned mobile 
telecommunications operator in Algeria. 
Competition between the three national mobile telecommunications operators has been characterised by 
intensifying price competition, however, as market penetration continues to increase, focus has shifted to 
raising ARPU and investing in mobile data services based on HSPA and LTE technologies.  
Regulation 
The telecommunications sector in Algeria is regulated by the Autorité de Régulation de la Poste et des 
Communications Électroniques (the "ARPCE"), which was created by the Algerian Telecommunications 
Law no. 3 of 2000 as amended by Law 18-04. The ARPCE is responsible for regulating postal services 
and the telecommunications sector. The Law 18-04 establishes general rules on the organisation of the 
telecommunication sector, creates and determines the scope of the mandate of the national regulatory 
authority, defines general rules for the licensing and authorisation of telecommunications networks and 
services and introduces principles allowing the development of competition in the sector. The ARPCE 
has been provided with power from January 2015 to issue financial sanctions against operators who are 
not compliant with applicable law, and Law 18-04 confirmed the ARPCE's financial sanctions power. 
Although this law only provides for the ARPCE to recommend to the Ministry of Post, Information 
Technology and Communications (the "MPTIC") the maximum price of universal telecom services, 
mobile operators also need to submit all their retail offers to ARPCE for approval. 
With the issuance of the 03-2000 law, the ARPCE liberalised the mobile telecommunication sector by 
issuing three mobile licences: Algerie Telecom (also known as Mobilis) in 2003, Orascom Telecom 
Algérie (now known as Djezzy) in 2002 and Wataniya Telecom Algérie (formerly known as "Nedjma" 
and now rebranded as Ooredoo Algeria) in 2004. The ARPCE has not yet liberalised the fixed telephony 
services and the country's international gateway, which is still operated exclusively by Algerie Telecom. 
Ooredoo Algeria was issued with a 15-year national mobile licence to provide 2G services in Algeria in 
January 2004, which was renewed successfully until January 2029. In December 2014, Ooredoo Algeria 
was granted a 15-year licence to provide 3G services, and Ooredoo Algeria launched its 3G services on 
22 December 2014 in ten major cities – Algiers, Constantine, Oran, Ouargla, Setif, Djelfa and, on an 
exclusive basis, in Bejaia, Chlef, Bouira and Ghardaia. In 2016, the ARPCE conducted a national bid for 
licences for the provision of 4G services, in which Ooredoo Algeria was granted a 15-year licence to 
provide 4G services on 4 September 2016. 
The ARPCE is active in the regulatory space and has been passing a range of regulations to regulate and 
govern the mobile services sector. For example, the ARPCE requires that all mobile operators publish 
reference interconnection offers and set all interconnection prices by reference to the cost-base of the 
relevant mobile operator. All interconnection agreements and interconnection prices must be approved 
by the ARPCE prior to such agreements and prices becoming effective. The ARPCE has also established 
rules regulating the promotions which mobile operators may offer. These rules limit the frequency and 
duration, as well as the minimum interval between promotions. This has, to some extent, reduced the 
intensity of competitive promotions. Decree 21-199 of 11 May 2021 set forth the terms and condition of 
implementation of mobile number portability in Algeria. In addition, the ARPCE has issued a call for

--- Page 181 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
tender for the provision of universal telecoms services in Algeria. The bid was concluded in January 2024 
and Ooredoo Algeria was appointed to provide the service in 1,211 localities throughout Algeria. 
Oman 
Overview 
The Sultanate of Oman is a sovereign Arab state on the south-eastern coast of the Arabian Gulf. It shares 
land borders with Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Yemen. According to the World Bank, in 
2022, Oman had an estimated land area of 309,500 square kilometres, with an estimated population of 
4.576 million, a GDP per capita of U.S.$25,068.8 and a GDP annual growth rate of 3.0 per cent. Based 
on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Industry, Market 
and Customer Data"), as at the date of the Base Prospectus, mobile penetration in Oman was 
approximately 133.4 per cent. 
As at 30 June 2024, based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Market Share"), Ooredoo Oman's estimated market share by subscribers was around 35 
per cent. with an established brand and distribution network in all major areas. As at 30 June 2024, 
Ooredoo Oman provided mobile telecommunications services in Oman to 2.9 million mobile customers. 
As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo owned a 55 per cent. stake in Ooredoo Oman, which is listed on the Muscat 
Stock Exchange ("MSX"). In order to increase its revenue in Oman, the Group has invested in the 
expansion of its capacity and coverage for both voice and data services, which now covers 99.2 per cent. 
of the population. In the period ended 30 June 2024, the Group's operations in Oman generated revenues 
of QR1,198 million (U.S.$329 million), which amounted to 10 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) 
of the Group's consolidated revenue. 
Customers and Tariffs 
The following table sets out Ooredoo Oman's mobile and fixed line customer numbers as at 
31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 and 30 June 2023 and 2024. 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
Mobile and fixed customers (in thousands):(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepaid .................................................................  
2,089 
2,127 
2,201 
2,188 
2,026 
Postpaid ................................................................  
607 
751 
725 
746 
718 
Fixed (LTE, 5G & fibre) ......................................  
167 
157 
160 
159 
158 
Total ....................................................................  
2,863 
3,035 
3,085 
3,093 
2,901 
 
 "Mobile customers" includes total registered mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Ooredoo Oman defines a registered 
customer as: (i) in the case of a postpaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has no outstanding balance remaining on the account 
more than 180 days after the last statement date; or (ii) in the case of a prepaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has not failed 
to recharge within 180 days of validity expiry. 
 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Oman's ARPU for the periods indicated. 
 
For the three months ended  
31 December 
For the three months ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
 
(QR) 
 
ARPU(1)  
 
 
 
 
 
Postpaid (excl. M2M, ICT and others) .................... 
104.3 
92.5 
92.5 
91.5 
92.0 
Prepaid .................................................................... 
26.8 
18.6 
20.5 
21.4 
19.7 
Fixed ....................................................................... 
296.7 
313.9 
311.3 
310.4 
312.3 
Blended ARPU (Mobile) 
43.9 
37.9 
38.4 
39.5 
38.1 
 
 For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations⎯Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations⎯ARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise 
reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. Ooredoo Oman are calculating this based on this formula; Average 
Monthly Revenue/Average Base. 
 
In Oman, Ooredoo Oman offers predominantly postpaid, prepaid, data and home fibre packages to its 
customers. Ooredoo Oman's services are offered through various tariff plans for both prepaid and

--- Page 182 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
postpaid customers. Customers are able to choose from a variety of packages, including bundle offers of 
local voice minutes, SMS, MMS and internet. 
Ooredoo Oman also offers various handset schemes for postpaid and prepaid customers. These handsets 
are sold to the customer via various bundles at different levels of subsidy and contract period. 
Network Infrastructure 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group's mobile telecommunications network in Oman comprised 2,868 cell 
sites and 31 portable cellular stations. Ooredoo Oman constantly monitors congestion on its network to 
assess whether the network has sufficient capacity to meet the volume of traffic.  
Marketing and Distribution 
Ooredoo Oman sells its mobile telecommunications services in Oman through indirect channels (third 
party distributors), Ooredoo Oman-owned shops, digital channels (their eShop) and through a sales force 
focused on the corporate sector. 
As at 31 December 2023, Ooredoo Oman has agreements with certain distributors providing coverage to 
approximately 2,673 sales outlets. This authorised dealer network can provide network connections from 
points of sale. These distributors sell postpaid, prepaid, home broadband and data services to Ooredoo 
Oman customers. In addition, Ooredoo Oman operates a network of 20 owned stores, 46 franchise shops 
and 2,673 dealer shops, which act as points of sales, service and support for its customers. 
Competition 
There are three mobile network operators, three mobile virtual network operators ("MVNO") (i.e., a 
wireless communications services provider that does not own the wireless network infrastructure over 
which it provides services to its customers) and three fixed operators in Oman, and it is one of the most 
competitive markets in the region. In order to remain competitive, Ooredoo Oman continues to 
incorporate customer feedback, step-up innovation and digital transformation to upgrade customer 
experience and to continue to use transformative technologies and trends, in order to play its part in the 
socio-economic development of Oman, in line with Vision 2040. 
Regulation 
The telecommunications sector in Oman is regulated by the Telecommunication Regulatory Authority 
(the "TRA"). In accordance with the Telecommunications Regulatory Act issued by Royal Decree 
30/2002 (as amended from time to time), no person is permitted to establish or operate a 
telecommunications system or provide telecommunications services in Oman without a license from the 
TRA, unless an exemption is granted under the Telecommunications Regulatory Act. There are three 
different classes of licenses that are issued under the Telecommunications Regulatory Act:  
1. 
Class I for the establishment or operation of public telecommunications networks, or the 
establishment or operation of international telecommunications infrastructure or the offering of 
public telecommunications services or international access services that require use of national 
resources (e.g. frequency). Class I licenses are issued by royal decree. 
2. 
Class II for the provision of public telecommunications services that depend on using the 
telecommunications network of a Class I licensee. Class II licenses are issued pursuant to a 
ministerial decision. 
3. 
Class III for the establishment or operation of private telecommunications networks or services 
not connected to the public network. These licenses are issued to private network owners/services 
providers who meet qualifying criteria set by the TRA for a duration not exceeding five years. 
Ooredoo Oman possess a Class I licence for the provisions of Basic Public Mobile Telecommunications 
Services (issued in 2005) and a Class 1 licence for the Installation and Operations of a Fixed Public 
Telecommunications System (2009).  
Ooredoo Oman's Fixed Telecom licence was issued in June 2009 which grants Ooredoo Oman a right to 
provide fixed line telecommunications services within Oman for a period of 25 years (with the exception

--- Page 183 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
of broadband spectrum rights which were granted for a period of 15 years from June 2009), renewable 
under the provisions of the Telecommunications Regulatory Act. The Fixed Licence was the second fixed 
licence issued in Oman. The Fixed Telecom license, inter alia, obliges Ooredoo Oman to: 
• 
pay a royalty of 10 per cent. of total annual revenues; 
• 
payment of a one-time license fee of OMR 20,500,000, for the issuance of the licence, and an 
annual license fee of not more than 1 per cent. of its annual revenue for each fiscal year based on 
its estimated budget for the following year; 
• 
meet certain coverage obligations related to regions and key Government institutions;  
• 
meet certain quality of service requirements;  
• 
interconnect and resell in certain circumstances; and  
• 
meet Omanisation and other related employment obligations. 
Ooredoo Oman's Mobile Telecom licence was originally issued in February 2005 (the second such licence 
issued in Oman) with a right to provide mobile telecommunications services in Oman for an initial period 
of 15 years. The license was then renewed in 2020 for another period of 15 years. The Mobile Telecom 
license (as renewed), inter alia, obliges Ooredoo Oman to: 
• 
pay a royalty of 12 per cent. of total annual revenues;  
• 
payment of a one-time license fee of OMR 75,000,000 and annual fees determined by the TRA 
(from time to time); 
• 
provide access and interconnection services in certain circumstances; and  
• 
meet Omanisation and other related employment obligations. 
In 2013, the TRA issued its Decision No. 74 of 2013, whereby Ooredoo Oman was designated as a 
dominant operator in nine out of the 20 telecommunications markets in Oman, as defined in the 2013 
report.] In February 2022, the TRA issued a follow-up report on the telecommunications markets and 
dominant players. The 2022 report replaces the 2013 report (where relevant), particularly in terms of re-
defining what constitutes a 'relevant market' in the telecommunications sector. The 2022 report re-defines 
/ re-categorises the telecommunications sector in Oman as having 9 wholesale markets and 5 retail 
markets. The 2022 report designates Ooredoo Oman as a dominant operator in 3 out of the 9 defined 
wholesale telecommunications markets in Oman, whereas the TRA's determination in respect of the 5 
defined retail telecommunications markets remains under review at the current time.  
Being in a dominant position in a defined market brings with it additional constraints and limitations on 
the dominant player. These constraints and obligations imposed by the TRA include, inter alia, the 
introduction of the Access and Interconnection (A&I) Regulations, issued in 2023, which seek to 
introduce greater competition to the market, including by requiring all dominant licensees to provide 
interconnection and access on regulated and published terms. Other regulations introduced by the TRA 
include the Accounting Separation Regulation, which requires dominant licensees to provide detailed 
financial information to the TRA to enable the TRA to better identify any anti-competitive pricing 
behaviour and understand the performance of the licensees, and the Retail Tariff Regulation, which 
requires dominant licensees to obtain TRA approval for tariffs before making them available to the 
market.  
In July 2022, the TRA proposed to repeal the Telecommunications Regulatory Law (Royal Decree No. 
30/2002, as amended) and replace it with a new telecoms law. Although a draft of this new law has not 
been circulated, the TRA circulated for public consultation a draft of the Licensing Regulations and the 
proposed form of individual license. It is anticipated the new telecoms law will set out, among other 
things, requirements for the licensing of telecommunications systems and telecommunications services, 
controls and procedures for private telecommunications networks, licensing of telecommunication 
services relating to the cable connections between Oman and foreign countries, classification of licenses,

--- Page 184 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
licence types, licence fees and its calculation, term of licenses, amendment and renewal conditions, 
exemption from licence, etc. 
It is also proposed that the existing licensing regime will be replaced by a unified license scheme. The 
draft Licensing Regulations provide for the telecommunication licenses to be issued by the TRA, thus 
removing the requirement of a Royal Decree for the issuance of a Class I Licence. The proposed licensing 
regime will no longer distinguish between the establishment/operation of a public telecommunication 
network and the provision of public telecommunication services, and these are proposed to be merged 
under a single license. Currently TRA Decision No. 84/2019 specifies the licence fees applicable to 
licenses, but this would be revised under the unified licensing scheme, if implemented.  
It is not yet known when a new telecoms law and Licensing Regulations may be issued or what impact 
the changes brought about by the new legal framework may have on Ooredoo Oman. 
In addition, Ooredoo Oman is a public company listed on the MSX which is regulated by the Financial 
Services Authority. Being a listed company, Ooredoo Oman is subject to additional corporate governance 
rules and stock exchange regulations to which other private or unlisted companies are not subject.  
Ooredoo Oman owns 100 per cent. of the share capital of Gulf Towers Company SPC (a company not 
currently operational) and 71 per cent. of the share capital of Duqm Data Centre SAOC. 
Kuwait 
Overview 
The State of Kuwait is a sovereign Arab emirate on the coast of the Arabian Gulf, bordered by Saudi 
Arabia to the south and Iraq to the north and west. According to the United Nations Statistics Division 
Demographic Yearbook 2022, Kuwait has an area of approximately 17,818 square kilometres and 
according to the World Bank had an estimated population of 4.269 million in 2022. Kuwait has a GDP 
per capita of U.S.$41,079.5 for 2022 and a GDP annual growth rate of 8.4 per cent. in 2022, according 
to the World Bank. Based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Industry, Market and Customer Data"), as of 31 December 2023, mobile penetration in 
Kuwait was estimated at 162.4 per cent. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, based on the Group's internal analysis (see "Presentation of 
Financial and Other Information—Market Share"), Ooredoo Kuwait's estimated market share by 
subscribers was around 36 per cent. as at 30 June 2024, with an established brand and distribution 
network in all major areas. As of 30 June 2024, Ooredoo Kuwait provided mobile telecommunications 
services in Kuwait to 2.9 million mobile customers. As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo owned a 92.11 per cent. 
stake in Ooredoo Kuwait, which is listed on Boursa Kuwait (the Kuwait Stock Exchange). In order to 
increase its revenue in Kuwait, the Group has invested in the expansion of its capacity and coverage for 
both voice and data services, which now covers 99 per cent. of the population. In the six months ended 
30 June 2024, the Group's operations in Kuwait generated revenues of QR1,571 million (U.S.$431.4 
million), which amounted to 13 per cent. (before intragroup eliminations) of the Group's consolidated 
revenue. 
Customers and Tariffs 
The following table sets out Ooredoo Kuwait's mobile customer numbers as at 31 December 2021, 2022 
and 2023 and 30 June 2023 and 2024. 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
Mobile customers (in thousands):(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepaid .................................................................  
1,241 
1,467 
1,676 
1,581 
1,738 
Postpaid(2) .............................................................  
480 
515 
518 
516 
506 
Wireless broadband ..............................................  
797 
725 
653 
729 
627 
Total ....................................................................  
2,518 
2,708 
2,847 
2,827 
2,871 
 
 "Mobile customers" includes total registered mobile customers at the end of the relevant period. Ooredoo Kuwait defines a registered 
customer as: (i) in the case of a postpaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has no outstanding balance remaining on the account

--- Page 185 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
more than 150 days after the last statement date; or (ii) in the case of a prepaid customer, one that has activated its SIM and has not failed 
to recharge within 90 days of validity expiry.  
 
The following table presents information about Ooredoo Kuwait's ARPU for the periods indicated. 
 
For the three months ended  
31 December 
For the six months ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2024 
 
 (QR) 
 
 
ARPU(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
Postpaid ................................................................... 
174.7 
176.1 
173.1 
171.0 
182.9 
Prepaid .................................................................... 
41.0 
33.7 
33.9 
35.1 
34.0 
Blended ARPU ........................................................ 
66.0 
61.8 
60.8 
61.7 
61.6 
 
 For a discussion of the calculation of ARPU, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations⎯Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations⎯ARPU". ARPU data has not been audited or otherwise 
reviewed by external auditors, consultants or independent experts. 
 
In Kuwait, Ooredoo Kuwait offers predominantly postpaid, prepaid and data packages to its customers. 
Ooredoo Kuwait's services are offered through various tariff plans for both prepaid and postpaid 
customers. Customers are able to choose from a variety of packages, including bundle offers of local 
voice minutes, SMS, MMS and internet. In addition, Ooredoo Kuwait in 2019 became the first operator 
in the Kuwait market to launch a fully customisable digital mobile plan to give customers complete 
control of their mobile service usage, allowing customers to choose, pay for, manage and share digital 
services directly from their smartphones. 
Ooredoo Kuwait also offers various handset schemes for postpaid and prepaid customers. These handsets 
are sold to the customer via various bundles at different levels of subsidy and contract period. 
Network Infrastructure 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's mobile telecommunications network in Kuwait comprised 2,837 cell 
sites and 2 switches. Ooredoo Kuwait regularly monitors congestion on its network to assess whether the 
network has sufficient capacity to meet the volume of traffic. 
In June 2019, Ooredoo Kuwait launched 5G services commercially in Kuwait, and has upgraded and 
expanded its network for 5G-compatible devices, with 2,120 5G sites deployed by the end of 2023. As 
of March 2024, 5G networks carry 42 per cent. of Ooredoo Kuwait's total data volumes.  
Marketing and Distribution 
Ooredoo Kuwait sells its mobile telecommunications services in Kuwait through indirect channels (third 
party distributors), Ooredoo Kuwait-owned shops, digital channels and through a sales force focused on 
the corporate sector. 
As at 30 June 2024, Ooredoo Kuwait has agreements with a wide distribution network comprising 
approximately 3,600 sales outlets, which Ooredoo Kuwait operates through a network of 89 franchise 
shops and 3,511 sub-dealer shops, which act as points of service and support for its customers. This 
authorised dealer network can provide network connections from points of sale and sell postpaid, prepaid 
and data services to the middle-to-lower-income market. Furthermore, as is customary in the Kuwaiti 
mobile telecommunications industry, digital channels also make a significant contribution for both 
prepaid and postpaid lines of business.  
Competition 
There are three mobile operators in Kuwait, Zain, Ooredoo Kuwait and stc, and one MVNO. Kuwait is 
considered one of the most competitive markets in the region, which has forced Ooredoo Kuwait to offer 
handset subsidies and data allowances over the 4G/5G network to customers in order to remain 
competitive in the market. In Kuwait, operators compete for the business of relatively affluent consumers 
on the basis of network coverage and technical quality, price, the availability of data services and value-

--- Page 186 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
added features and quality and responsiveness of customer service. The market is dominated by handset 
offers and high data allowances over the 4G/5G network. 
Regulation 
Historically, the Ministry of Communications was responsible for all telecommunications-related 
regulations but in 2014, the State of Kuwait established the Communication Information Technology 
Regulatory Authority ("CITRA"). The general obligations of Ooredoo Kuwait and other mobile 
operators are set out in Law No. 37 of 2014 "regulating the establishment of the Communication and 
Information Technology Regulatory Authority" (as amended by Law No. 98 of 2015), the Council of 
Ministers Decision No. 993 of 2015 issuing the Executive Bylaws to Law No. 37 of 2014, and the various 
regulations and decisions issued pursuant thereto. 
CITRA is broadly responsible for all the telecommunications-related matters and regulations including 
but not limited to such matters as: the national spectrum plan, the national numbering plan, 
interconnectivity, cyber security, licensing, competition laws and tariff regulations. CITRA has 
introduced regulations relating to a number of matters, including pricing, licensing regime, regulatory 
fees, competition and anti-competitive practices, network roll-out, consumer protection and privacy, 
number transfer, interconnection and access, cyber security and others. 
The Ministry of Communications continues to have a monopoly over the Kuwaiti public switched 
telephone network and has sole responsibility for local circuits and international gateways. The Ministry 
of Communications has announced plans to privatise fixed lines and long-distance services and 
infrastructure, and to establish a new fibre infrastructure company in Kuwait to rollout access fibre under 
a public-private partnership arrangement with international investors. 
Ooredoo Kuwait is authorised to provide 2G, 3G, 4G and 5G services in Kuwait. This authorisation is of 
unlimited term and validity but is subject to compliance with laws and regulations and to regular 
evaluations by CITRA. However, on 11 June 2023 CITRA issued Resolution No. 297/2023, "regarding 
stopping the granting of import and entry permits for telecommunication peripheral devices that operate 
only on the second and third generation technology for communications, or both, to the state markets". 
Telecommunications devices that operate only on 2G and/or 3G were banned from importation and entry 
to Kuwait as from 1 September 2023. 
Employees of the Group 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had approximately 11,673 full-time equivalent employees. The decrease 
of employees as at 30 June 2024 compared to 31 December 2023 is primarily due to the sale of the 
business in Myanmar. The following table sets out the number of the Group's employees as at 
31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 in each of the principal markets in which it maintains operations: 
 
In general, the Group's employees do not participate in any collective bargaining or similar agreements. 
However some of the employees of Ooredoo Algeria and Ooredoo Tunisia employees belong to a union 
and benefit from a collective labour agreement, and some of the Group's employees are associated with 
unions in Kuwait and Oman. See "Risk Factors⎯Risks Relating to the Telecommunications 
Industry⎯Industrial action or adverse labour relations could disrupt the Group's business operations 
and have an adverse effect on operating results".  
The Group provides a variety of benefits to their employees that vary based on the country and region in 
which they operate. The Group does not maintain employee pension plans but does contribute to a 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Qatar ....................................................................................................  
1,191 
1,152 
1,143 
Iraq ......................................................................................................  
3,411 
3,212 
3,426 
Algeria .................................................................................................  
2,694 
2,491 
2,425 
Oman ...................................................................................................  
981 
941 
1,045 
Kuwait .................................................................................................  
1,230 
1,423 
1,349 
Others ..................................................................................................  
2,769 
3,170 
3,216 
Group Total .......................................................................................  
12,276 
12,389 
12,604

--- Page 187 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
statutory pension plan for Qatari employees. In addition, the local Group company contributes to the 
applicable statutory mandated social security schemes for its employees in its markets.  
Insurance 
The Group's operations are subject to operational and geographic risks, including accidents, natural 
disasters, war, terrorism, fire, weather-related perils and other events beyond the Group's control. The 
Group maintains various types of insurance policies to protect against the financial impact arising from 
unexpected events when the amount of the potential loss would be significant enough to prevent normal 
business operations. The Group cannot, however, give any assurance that this insurance will be adequate 
to protect it from all expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage 
or that these levels of insurance will be available in the future at commercially reasonable prices. The 
Group does not fully insure against certain risks to the extent that such risks may not be fully insurable 
or related coverage is unavailable at what it considers to be appropriate price levels. In addition, insurance 
policies for certain types of operational risks that are typically available outside Iraq are not available in 
Iraq. 
The Group has not historically experienced difficulty renewing its insurance policies and it believes that 
its insurance is reasonable and consistent with industry standards. 
Intellectual Property 
In general, each of the Group's operations has sought to legally protect its trademarks and copyrights for 
its name, logos and services in its own market. However, none has sought such protection outside its own 
market. 
Litigation 
The Group is from time to time a party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of its 
business. Other than the litigation described below, the Group does not believe that the resolution of these 
legal actions will, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial condition 
or results of operations. See Note 38 "Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Litigations" to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee 
On 10 June 2014, the Iraqi Communication and Media Commission (CMC) issued a letter notifying 
Asiacell that due to the shareholding structure of Asiacell, it would be required to pay 18 per cent. of its 
gross revenue as a regulatory fee, as per its license agreement. Asiacell is of the opinion that it is only 
required to pay 15 per cent. of its gross revenues as a regulatory fee. Consequently, the CMC requested 
that Asiacell pay a regulatory fee of 18 per cent. of gross revenues, instead of 15 per cent. 
Asiacell appealed the CMC's decision to the Appeal Board and subsequently to the Iraqi courts on the 
basis that Asiacell meets the 51.0 per cent. threshold of Iraqi participation. In January 2016, the Kurdistan 
Court of Cassation issued a final decision in favour of Asiacell by concluding that the CMC is not entitled 
to apply the 18 per cent. licence fee rate to Asiacell, as it is a company with Iraqi shareholders owning 
more than 84 per cent. of its shares. 
In June 2017, the Iraqi Ministry of Finance raised a "third party objection" case at the Kurdistan Court of 
Cassation against its decision. After an appeal, the Court, on 17 October 2017, ruled against the Ministry 
of Finance and confirmed the decision in favour of Asiacell. 
The total amount requested by the CMC was QR1,210 million (U.S.$332 million), from the period that 
the CMC is claiming that the Iraqi ownership had changed (in February 2013) through 31 December 
2020. In connection with the negotiations to extend Asiacell's licence agreement, Asiacell has deposited 
100 per cent. of the disputed amount into a CMC bank account, on account until a final settlement is 
reached.  
In 2022, the CMC also imposed a 4 per cent. late payment penalty to Asiacell in respect of the license 
fee dispute covering the period between 2011–2021 of QR212 million (U.S.$58.5 million). However, no 
provision was booked as Asiacell was of the belief that it had a strong legal position.

--- Page 188 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
Notwithstanding the aforementioned Kurdistan Court of Cassation decision in respect of the license fee 
dispute, the CMC continues to demand license fee payments from and bring action against Asiacell in 
this regard. On 9 January 2023, Asiacell successfully applied for an injunction to cease CMC's continuous 
demands of license fee payments ("Injunction"). The CMC submitted an initial appeal against the 
Injunction with the Sulaymaniyah Court of First Instance, followed by another appeal to the 
Sulaymaniyah Court of Appeal, which finally ruled in favour of Asiacell and upheld the Injunction. The 
CMC issued a separate application to the Karkh enforcement department in order to nullify the Injunction 
and the Sulaymaniyah court decisions. The Karkh enforcement department issued its decision in favour 
of the CMC. Accordingly, Asiacell applied to the Kurdistan Court of Cassation in order to resolve the 
conflicting decisions between the courts in Sulaymaniyah and the Karkh enforcement department. On 20 
March 2024, the Kurdistan Court of Cassation upheld the Injunction decision issued by the courts in 
Sulaymaniyah on the grounds that it has jurisdiction to rule in this regard. As a result, the final decision 
was in favour of Asiacell, although the CMC continues to dispute the ruling as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to universal services fee 
On 7 December 2017, the CMC issued a letter to Asiacell and other mobile telecommunications operators 
in Iraq requesting them to hold 1.5 per cent. of their gross revenues for the year 2017 (excluding local 
interconnection cost) as a universal services fee ("USF"), with further information to be provided by the 
CMC in a USF regulation that will be issued at a later stage. The USF is a license obligation included in 
Asiacell's license. The 2017 to 2019 USF cost, calculated at 1.5 per cent. of Asiacell's revenue, was 
QR197 million (U.S.$54 million). As at 31 December 2020, Asiacell had recorded a full provision against 
this claim, and in January 2021 had paid this amount to the CMC's bank account in connections with the 
CMC's agreement to extend Asiacell's licence agreement. 
In 2018 and 2019, Asiacell received additional letters from the CMC requesting that it to provision 1.5 
per cent. of its gross revenues as a USF retroactively from 2009 (the end of the second anniversary of the 
license term) to 2016. However, as at 31 December 2020 no provision has been recorded for the 
retroactive USF claims as Asiacell believes that the retroactive claims are not in accordance with the 
requirements of its licence agreement, and Asiacell is in discussions with the CMC to resolve the issue, 
or if no resolution is reached, Asiacell expects to challenge these claims. 
In 2018, the CMC asked mobile telecommunications operators in Iraq to pay a 1.5 per cent. universal 
services fee (USF) on their revenue retroactively from 2009, without mentioning any specific amount. 
No provision was booked as Asiacell believed that it had a strong legal position on the illegality of the 
retroactivity of the law and because other operators (Zain, Koker, etc.) had already won their case against 
CMC. In Q4 2023, the CMC Hearing Panel rejected the case and Asiacell filed an appeal before the 
Appeal Panel of the CMC. In March 2024, the appeal panel rejected Asiacell’s appeal on technical 
grounds without going into the merits of the case. However, since CMC in its latest correspondence has 
again raised the demand by providing for specific amounts and claimed QR557 million (U.S.$150 
million), which gave a fresh cause of action to Asiacell and based on the same Asiacell has challenged 
the same in the appeal panel, wherein the appeal is still pending.  
Proceeding against Ooredoo Palestine 
On 23 October 2017, the Palestinian Ministry of Telecommunications and Information Technology 
("MTIT"), now the Ministry of Telecommunications and Digital Economy ("MTDE"), issued a letter 
notifying Ooredoo Palestine to pay the second payment of the license acquisition fee amounting to QR291 
million (U.S.$80 million) due to the fact that Ooredoo Palestine reached 700 thousand subscribers. The 
license also requires a third license payment of QR487 million (U.S.$134 million) when Ooredoo 
Palestine reaches 1 million subscribers. 
In September 2019, the Minister of Finance and Minister of MTDE issued a letter notifying Ooredoo 
Palestine to pay QR779 million (U.S.$214 million), comprising the remaining unpaid second and third 
payments of the license fee. These second and third payments are subject to the assignment of the 2G and 
3G spectrum and the actual launch of these services in West Bank and Gaza. 
In 2019, Ooredoo Palestine received a payment request of QR781m (U.S.$214 million) from MTDE 
comprising the remaining unpaid second and third payments of the license fee. Ooredoo Palestine rejected

--- Page 189 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
the request and booked a provision of QR163m (U.S.$45 million). To settle this dispute, the Palestinian 
Authorities decided to form a committee and hire a third-party expert to re-evaluate the Ooredoo Palestine 
license and the Ooredoo Palestine license fees. In late 2023, MTDE received offers to close the bid for 
the selection of the third party expert.  The MTDE sent a letter of regret to the chosen company "Frontier". 
On 16 April 2024, presidential instructions were released that assigned the Telecommunications 
Regulatory Authority ("TRA") to continue the bid closing process. The new MTDE has put the project 
on hold. Ooredoo Palestine is lobbying to resume the project progress or to start new requests for 
proposals. On 8 July 2024, a letter was sent to MTDE asking to resume the license re-evaluation process. 
Proceedings against Ooredoo Algeria relating to bank transfers  
In late 2016 and early 2017, the Algeria Central Bank conducted a review of Ooredoo Algeria's money 
transfers outside Algeria and currency exchange. This review concluded that Ooredoo Algeria committed 
several violations of the relevant money transfer and foreign exchange regulations during 2013 and 2014. 
Accordingly, the Algerian public prosecutors initiated a criminal investigation against Ooredoo Algeria 
and in December 2018, the public prosecutor, with the Ministry of Finance, commenced 15 
misdemeanour cases against Ooredoo Algeria related to money transfers from Ooredoo Algeria's export 
bank account and repatriation of roaming funds abroad without complying with applicable Algerian 
exchange control regulations and Central Bank processes.  
In 2019, 2021 and 2022 (before the first instance and appeal courts), the criminal chamber of the courts 
convicted Ooredoo Algeria in 15 misdemeanour cases and sentenced Ooredoo Algeria to pay a total of 
(U.S.$83 million) in fines and compensation. Ooredoo Algeria has appealed all convictions in front of 
the Supreme Court and as at 30 June 2024 had established what it believes to be an adequate provision 
against these fines. All cases are still pending before the Supreme Court. 
Environmental Matters 
The Group is subject to a broad range of environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations 
impose increasingly stringent environmental obligations regarding, among other things, radiation 
emissions, zoning, the protection of employee health and safety, noise and historical and artistic 
preservation. The Group could therefore be exposed to costs and liabilities, including liabilities associated 
with past activities. 
The Group's operations are subject to obligations to obtain environmental permits, licences and/or 
authorisations, or to provide prior notification to the appropriate authorities. The Group's objective is to 
comply in all material respects with applicable environmental and health control laws, and all related 
permit requirements. The Group believes that the principal environmental risks arising from its current 
operations relate to the potential for electromagnetic pollution and for damage to cultural and 
environmental assets. The Group deploys various network infrastructure strategies in order to achieve 
radiation emission ranges lower than the minimum levels required by applicable regulations. 
Commercial Property 
The principal property, plant and equipment of the Group consists of its cable and switching stations 
located throughout the jurisdictions in which it operates, including its international exchanges, its mobile 
switching centres, base stations, transmission equipment, cables and other technical, administrative and 
commercial property plant and equipment. 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. owns its head office at 100 West Bay, P.O. Box 217, Doha, Qatar. The Group also 
owns the head office in each of the countries where it operates, as well as more than 26 data centres in 
five countries.  
The net book value of the Group's property, plant and equipment as at 30 June 2024 was QR13.163 billion 
(U.S.$3.615 billion). 
Information Technology 
Each operating company of the Group maintains its own information technology ("IT") systems. The 
Group's IT systems are comparable to those typically used by other telecommunications service 
providers, and comprise operational support systems (which support the Group's telecommunications

--- Page 190 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
network and include processes such as maintaining network inventory, provisioning services, configuring 
network components and managing faults) and business support systems (which support processes related 
to the Group's customers, such as taking orders, processing bills, collecting payments and customer 
relationship management). The Group believes that its existing IT systems are adequate for the purposes 
of its existing business. 
Each operating company of the Group maintains its own disaster recovery systems in order to ensure the 
recovery and continuation of its technology infrastructure following potential disruptive events, such as 
natural disaster or terrorism. Each operating company has procedures in place to either back up critical 
data on-site or automatically copy this backed-up data to off-site storage, or to back-up and replicate 
critical data directly to off-site storage. 
Each operating company of the Group is committed to establish, implement, manage, monitor and 
continuously improve a consistent and reliable information security framework based on leading industry 
standards and best practices to ensure protection of its information assets, products and services. This 
includes the implementation of multiple layers of security controls to timely detect, prevent and mitigate 
cyber security threats. Each operating company of the Group also establishes and maintains processes to 
continually improve the information security management systems through regular security risk 
assessment and audits, management review, performance and evaluation to ensure information security 
control effectiveness that will achieve the Group's information security objectives, reduce cybersecurity 
risks and maintain compliance with security and privacy laws and regulations.

--- Page 191 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Supervisory Governance of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Board of Directors 
The Board is responsible for the Group's management and has unrestricted management powers, except 
to the extent provided by law, the Articles of Association or a resolution of the shareholders at a General 
Assembly of the shareholders. 
The Board acts as the overall supervisory and monitoring body of the Group, approving all important 
new business proposals presented to it, including the acquisitions of any subsidiaries or affiliates, major 
capital projects and the acquisition or disposal of assets. In addition, the Board reviews the Group's 
development plans, monitors the performance of those development plans and reviews and approves the 
Group budget. The Board is also responsible for the timely and accurate disclosure of information to the 
Group's shareholders and to the Qatar Stock Exchange and the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange. In 
carrying out its activities, the Board represents the interests of the shareholders of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and 
is accountable to the shareholders of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Meetings of the Board must be held at least six times per year. Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s Articles of Association 
require that no more than three months may elapse between meetings. 
The Board currently consists of ten non-executive members, five of whom, including the Chairman of 
the Board, are appointed by, and cannot be removed except through, a decision of the QIA, the majority 
shareholder. Therefore, the State of Qatar, via the QIA, may exercise influence in relation to decisions 
pertaining to the Group. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Group—The State of Qatar exerts 
significant control over Ooredoo and its interests may conflict with those of Noteholders and/or Ooredoo 
itself". The General Assembly elects the remaining five members of the Board by way of a secret ballot 
in which the QIA has no voting rights.  
The General Assembly may, on the application of shareholders holding at least 25.0 per cent. of Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital, remove by a majority vote a member of the Board who has not been 
appointed by the QIA. The QIA is not permitted to vote and its shares are not counted in determining 
such a majority. The QIA may replace or remove any member of the Board appointed by it. 
Members of the Board elected by the General Assembly are required (subject to certain limited 
exceptions) to own at least 5,000 shares (the "Collateral Shares"), which are used as a collateral 
guarantee against the relevant board members' liability to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C., the other shareholders, 
debtors and third parties. The Collateral Shares are, immediately after the election of a member of the 
Board, deposited with an approved bank until the end of that member's term on the Board.  
Resolutions of the Board are passed by the majority of those present and, in the event of a tie, the 
Chairman's, or Acting Chairman's, vote prevails. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Group—The 
State of Qatar exerts significant control over Ooredoo and its interests may conflict with those of 
Noteholders and/or Ooredoo itself". 
General Assembly 
The General Assembly represents all of the shareholders of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and all of its meetings are 
to be held in Doha, Qatar or via telepresence. Every shareholder has the right to attend the General 
Assembly, either in person or by way of proxy, and has a number of votes equivalent to the number of 
shares held. The Board is required to be represented in the General Assembly by not less than the quorum 
required for meetings of the Board, which must include the Chairman or the Deputy Chairman. 
An Ordinary General Assembly must be convened at least once a year, within the first four months 
following the end of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s financial year. The Board can call a meeting of the General 
Assembly or one can be called upon the request of the auditor of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. or at the request of a 
number of shareholders representing not less than 10.0 per cent. of the issued share capital of Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C. A meeting of the Ordinary General Assembly is not valid unless it is attended by a number of 
shareholders representing at least 50.0 per cent. of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital. If a quorum 
is not achieved, another meeting may be called and is valid, irrespective of the number of attendees.

--- Page 192 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
An Extraordinary General Assembly may be called by the Board or by a written request addressed to the 
Board from a number of shareholders holding not less than 25.0 per cent. of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued 
share capital. A meeting of the Extraordinary General Assembly is not valid unless it is attended by a 
number of shareholders representing at least 75.0 per cent. of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital. If 
a quorum is not achieved, another meeting may be called and is valid if shareholders representing at least 
50.0 per cent. of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital attend. If a quorum is not secured at this second 
meeting, a third meeting may be called which will be valid regardless of the number of attendees. Subject 
to the Entrenched Rights of Qatar, an Extraordinary General Assembly may amend the Articles of 
Association. 
Decisions at meetings of the Extraordinary General Assembly require a vote in favour of the relevant 
resolution by two-thirds of the percentage of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s issued share capital represented at the 
meeting. As an exception, if a third meeting is called, as mentioned above, resolutions at that meeting 
can be passed by a majority of the votes of those present, but shall not be effective until they have been 
approved by the Minister of Commerce and Industry. 
Members of the Board 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board, their current positions in Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C., age and the years of their appointment are as follows: 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Month of 
Appointment 
H.E. Sheikh Faisal Bin Thani F. T. Al Thani 
42 
Chairman 
March 2020 
Dr. Nasser Mohammed Marafih 
59 
Deputy Chairman 
November 2015 
H.E. Mr. Ahmed Ali Al-Hammadi 
43 
Member 
March 2024 
Sheikh Saoud Nasser Al Thani 
56 
Member 
March 2021 
H.E. Mr Mohammed Nasser Al-Hajri 
51 
Member 
March 2021 
Mr. Mohammed Saif Al-Sowaidi 
43 
Member 
March 2024 
Mr. Nasser Rashid Al-Humaidi 
59 
Member 
March 2011 
Mr. Abdulla Mubarak Al-Khalifa 
51 
Member 
December 2018 
Eng. Essa Hilal Al-Kuwari 
53 
Member 
March 2020 
Mr. Yousif Mohammed Al-Obaidli 
44 
Member 
March 2020 
 
The business address for each member of the Board of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is Building 14, Zone 61, Street 
801, P.O. Box 217, Doha, Qatar. 
Set forth below is a short biography of each of the members of the Board: 
H.E. Sheikh Faisal Thani F.T. Al Thani 
H.E. Sheikh Faisal Thani F.T. Al Thani is the Chairman of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. His Excellency joined the 
Board as Chairman in March 2020. His Excellency is also currently the Chief of Asia-Pacific & Africa 
Investments at QIA and has previously held positions as the Chief Investment Officer at Qatar Foundation 
Endowment, Chairman of Qatar Banking Studies and Business Administration Secondary School and the 
Deputy Chairman of Vodafone Qatar. His Excellency is currently the Chairman of Lesha Bank, and a 
board member at Qatar Insurance Company and Qatar Airways. He is also Deputy Chairman of Boyner 
Retail & Textile Investments Inc. in Turkey. His Excellency holds a degree in business administration 
from Marymount University in the United States and an Executive MBA from HEC Paris.  
Dr. Nasser Mohd Marafih 
Dr. Marafih is the Deputy Chairman of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. He joined the Board in November 2015, and 
was appointed Deputy Chairman in March 2020. Previously, he served as the CEO of the Ooredoo Group 
from 2006 until 2015 and as Ooredoo Qatar CEO from 2002 until 2011. He serves as Chairman of the 
Board of the GSMA Mobile for Development Foundation and as a member of the board of GSMA. He 
also serves as a commissioner to the ITU Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development and he 
is a member of the World Bank Group Advisory Council for Gender and Development.

--- Page 193 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
H. E. Mr. Ahmed Ali Al-Hammadi 
H.E Mr. Ahmed Ali Al-Hammadi, is a Member of the Board, joining in March 2024. His Excellency is 
currently the Director General of the General Retirement and Social Insurance Authority. 
Mr. Al-Hammadi has held various high-ranking positions, he was previously the Chief Investment 
Officer for Europe, Russia and Türkiye at the Qatar Investment Authority managing the European 
portfolio across various sectors. 
Mr. Al-Hammadi has a diverse background and extensive experience in business and finance. He worked 
at EFG-Hermes managing regional equities before joining the QIA, and garnered valuable experience at 
consulting firm Booz Co. (now Strategy& advising financial services clients on strategy, private equity 
investment opportunities, and organization structures. 
Ahmed also sits on the boards of Heathrow Airport, SoFi, and Bosra Istanbul On a local level, he plays 
a role as the Chairman of UDC, Qatar Cool and Vice-Chairman of QEWC, board member of Masraf Al 
Rayan, and Qatar Industries. He was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 
2019, Ahmed Al-Hammadi is a graduate of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and 
has obtained his MBA from the Harvard Business School. 
Sheikh Saoud Nasser Al-Thani 
Sheikh Saoud Bin Nasser Al-Thani, is a member of the Board, joining in March 2021. Prior to this, he 
was Group Chief Executive Officer from 2015 to 2020. 
Sheikh Saoud Nasser Al-Thani joined the Board of Directors of the Ooredoo Group in 2021. Before 
joining, he served as the Group's CEO from 2015 to 2020. Before that, he also served as the CEO of 
Ooredoo Qatar from 2011 to 2015. 
Sheikh Saoud holds a Bachelor's Degree in Public Administration from Western International University 
in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. He also holds a bachelor's degree in business administration. Sheikh 
Saud joined Ooredoo (formerly Qtel) in 1990, where he supervised a number of important projects such 
as restructuring the company in 1998, reviewing the company's organizational structure in 2000, and 
reviewing the evaluation and compensation policy with Ooredoo auditors - KPMG. During his tenure as 
CEO of Ooredoo Qatar, Sheikh Saud led the expansion of the company's range of services and products 
and contributed to maintaining Qatar's position as one of the group's most successful and robust markets. 
During his tenure as Group CEO, Sheikh Saud began successfully implementing and leading the 
company's digital transformation strategy, and contributed to completely transforming the customer 
experience in the countries where the Ooredoo Group operates. 
Sheikh Saoud also held a number of important positions in the Ooredoo Group, including Chairman of 
the Board of Directors of Ooredoo Kuwait, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ooredoo Oman, 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Asiacell, Member of the Board of Directors of Arabsat, 
Member of the Board of Directors of Hellas-Sat, and Member of the Board of Directors of Injaz. Qatar. 
H.E. Mr. Mohammed Nasser Al-Hajri 
H.E. Mohammed Nasser Al-Hajri is a member of the Board, joining in March 2021. He is the Director 
of Studies and Research at the Emiri Diwan. He is also Minister Ranked at the Emiri Diwan since 2015. 
H.E. Hajri is with the Emri Diwan since 1995, where he has held several key positions, including 
Economic Researcher at the Office of H.H The Emir, Head of Development Studies - Studies and 
Research Department, Head of Studies and Research Affairs, Acting Director of Studies and Research 
Department and Undersecretary. Being a graduate in Administration and Economics from Qatar 
University and having followed a number of specialised programmes in economics and leadership at 
London School of Economics (LSE) and Harvard, he brings a wealth of experience to the Board. 
Mohammed Saif Al-Sowaidi 
Mohammed Saif Al-Sowaidi, is a Member of the Board, joining in March 2024. Prior to this he was the 
Chief Investment Officer - Americas since 2020. Joined QIA in 2010, held multiple roles including: Head 
of Private Equity Funds, Director M&A, Head of Industrials and TMT Portfolios. Established QIA US

--- Page 194 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
office and led the operations in NY for the period 2015-2020. Started career in Exxonmobil Treasury, 
followed by Masraf AlRayan as Director in Corporate Banking. Holds Trium MBA (joint program LSE, 
NYU, and HEC), CFA Charterholder, and Double Major undergraduate degrees in Statistics and Finance 
from the University of Missouri - Columbia. 
Nasser Rashid Al-Humaidi 
Mr. Nasser Rashid Al-Humaidi is a member of the Board since March 2011 and an appointee of the 
Government of Qatar. He joined the Board in March 2011, and is also Executive Director – Operations 
& Support of Qatar Development Bank and IT Director of Qatari Diar. Prior to his current positions, he 
held various management and business technologies roles in multi-industry sectors including utilities, 
telecommunications, oil & gas, real estate and banking, and contributed to the national steering 
committees. He has also worked as an advisor in the field of information and communication technology. 
Abdulla Mubarak Al-Khalifa 
Mr. Abdulla Mubarak Al-Khalifa is a member of the Board, joining in 2018. He is currently Group Chief 
Executive Officer of QNB, and prior to his current position, was Executive General Manager – Chief 
Business Officer at Qatar National Bank. He holds a degree in business administration from Eastern 
Washington University in the United States. 
Essa Hilal Al-Kuwari 
Eng. Essa Bin Hilal Al-Kuwari is a member of the Board and an appointee of the Government. He joined 
the Board in March 2020. He is currently the President of Qatar General Electricity & Water Corporation 
"KAHRAMAA", Chairman of the Board of Qatar National Broadband Network and a board member of 
NAKILAT. He also represents Qatar as board member of Gulf Cooperation Council for Electricity 
Interconnection Authority (GCCIA), as well as other regional and international committees. He has also 
served as Chair of the Steering Committee of Texas A&M University's Smart Grid Centre – Qatar, Vice 
Chairman of Hamad Bin Khalifa University Board of Trustees and a member of Qatar University's 
Advisory Council for the faculties of Engineering and Economics. 
Yousif Mohammed Al-Obaidli 
Mr. Yousif Mohammed Al-Obaidli is a member of the Board and an appointee of the Government.  
Mr. Al-Obaidli joined the Board in 2020. He is the Group CEO of beIN Media Group ("beIN"), a leading 
global sports, entertainment and media group, headquartered in Qatar.  
As one of the most respected executives in the world of sport and entertainment, Mr. Al-Obaidli manages 
one of the largest portfolios of sports rights in the world as the head of beIN MENA, beIN Sports France, 
Americas, and Asia-Pacific. He is also the CEO of Digiturk in Türkiye and responsible for MIRAMAX 
studios; both of which, together with beIN, are leading players in entertainment and original content. 
In 2022, Mr Al-Obaidli oversaw the successful launch of the Group's new ground-breaking OTT 
platform, 'TOD'. TOD was the Official Streaming Partner of the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022, 
representing a key part of beIN's vision and strategy for a digital future; and today TOD continues to be 
one of the leading streaming platforms in MENA and Türkiye. Mr Al-Obaidli is also renowned as one of 
the strongest advocates of anti-piracy and intellectual property rights protection in global sports and 
entertainment.  
Mr. Al-Obaidli is a board member of Qatar Sports Investments, the majority-owners of Paris Saint-
Germain, Premier Padel and other interests; and Qatar Satellite Company, Es'hailSat. 
In January 2020, SportsPro Media named Mr. Al-Obaidli as one of only 10 "Influencers in the world of 
sport", alongside the CEOs of Nike, Disney and others. Mr. Al-Obaidli brings a wealth of experience in 
international business to the Board. 
Directors' Interests 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board own, in aggregate, approximately 64,500 
ordinary shares, representing less than 1 per cent. of the issued share capital of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.

--- Page 195 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
There are no interests of the members of the Board in transactions which are or were unusual in their 
nature or conditions or significant to the business of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is not aware of 
any potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed by the members of the Board and their private 
interests or other duties. 
In the five years preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, no member of the Board has been convicted 
of any fraudulent offence, served as a director, partner, founder or senior manager of any organisation at 
the time of any bankruptcy, receivership, any official public incrimination or sanctions by statutory or 
regulatory authorities, including designated professional bodies, or has been disqualified by a court from 
acting as a director of an issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of affairs of any issuer. 
Compensation of the Board 
For their services, members of the Board are entitled to remuneration, which is determined by a meeting 
of the General Assembly. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the compensation and benefits related 
to Board of Directors and key management personnel of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. amounted to QR260.6 million 
(U.S.$71.6 million). 
Committees of the Board 
The Board has established three principal committees to review and decide on specific matters (together, 
the "Committees"). The Committees are given responsibility for specific areas of significance to the 
Group's corporate governance and assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities by advising and 
making recommendations to the Board. Each Committee comprises a chairman and is composed of at 
least three members of the Board and operates in accordance with a written charter approved by the 
members of the Board. 
The Board has established the following primary Committees: 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee oversees the decision making process of the Group and ensures that the 
objectives of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. are achieved in accordance with the authorities delegated to the Executive 
Committee by the Board. The Committee is also responsible for reviewing any matters requiring detailed 
review before presentation to the Board for final decision. The Executive Committee also oversees 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s strategy and method deployed for adopting financial and strategic investments. The 
membership of the Executive Committee comprises Dr. Nasser Mohd Marafih (as Chairman), H.E. Mr. 
Ahmed Ali Al- Hammadi, Mr. Essa Hilal Al-Kuwari and Mr. Yousif Mohammed Al-Obaidli. 
Audit & Risk Management Committee 
The Audit & Risk Management Committee oversees Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s relationships with its internal 
and 
external 
auditors. 
The 
committee 
has 
recommended 
Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C.'s 
auditor, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers - Qatar Branch, and reviews the quarterly internal and annual audit reports, as 
well as compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including the performance of Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C.'s internal audit function. See "—Internal Audit". The membership of the Audit Committee 
comprises Mr. Nasser Rashid Al-Humaidi (as Chairman), H.E. Eng. Eissa Hilal Al-Kuwari and H.E. Mr. 
Mohammed Nasser Al-Hajri. 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee assists the Board in executing its responsibilities with 
regards to nominating and appointing Board members to the Board and the boards of its subsidiaries, and 
determining the compensation of the Chairman, members of the Board, members of Executive 
Management and senior employees, and assesses the work of the Board. The membership of the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee comprises of H.E. Mr. Ahmed Ali Al-Hammadi, Turki 
Mohammed Al Khater (as Chairman), Mr. Abdulla Mubarak Al-Khalifa and Sh. Saoud Nasser Al-Thani. 
Ooredoo Group LLC 
In August 2007, the Board established Qtel Services LLC, which, in March 2008 was renamed as Qtel 
International LLC, in January 2012 was renamed again to Qtel Group LLC and, in March 2013, was

--- Page 196 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
again renamed to its current name, Ooredoo Group LLC ("Ooredoo Group"). Ooredoo Group is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. which has a separate management team and is responsible 
for providing the Group with corporate governance services, strategy and treasury services and a 
mechanism for communicating strategic and operational direction to the Group's subsidiaries and 
realising synergies between operations. Although the Group implements its international strategy on a 
centralised basis and manages its mobile telecommunications businesses through its controlling interests 
in subsidiaries, it allows local management to carry out the day-to-day management of its operations 
based on the policies Ooredoo Group establishes. Ooredoo Group's management team focuses primarily 
on the Group's international operations, international strategy and investment opportunities. 
By virtue of the Group's ownership interests in its consolidated subsidiaries and, in some cases, of 
shareholders agreements, the Group is able to control the appointment of all or a portion of such 
subsidiaries' board of directors such that it has control over these subsidiaries. Ooredoo Group acts as an 
intermediary between these board members and the Group, reviewing and assisting in the preparation of 
the board agendas, budgets and annual plans of each subsidiary and advising the members of the 
subsidiary boards that are appointed by the Group. In addition to its governance role, Ooredoo Group 
also develops the Group's strategy and is responsible for delivering synergies across operations. Ooredoo 
Group provides a wide range of services (e.g. operations, strategy, sourcing, corporate finance, human 
resources and commercial advisory) for the benefit of local operating entities located in Qatar, Kuwait, 
Tunisia, Oman and the Maldives. In exchange for these services, these local operating entities pay a 
service fee to Ooredoo Group. 
In addition, Ooredoo Group's business development team is responsible for researching and evaluating 
potential acquisition targets for the Group. Ooredoo Group's acquisition recommendations are then 
considered by the Executive Committee, a sub-committee of the Board. If such recommendations pass 
the Executive Committee, they are voted on by the entire Board. See "—Committees of the Board—
Executive Committee". 
Executive Governance of Ooredoo Group 
Ooredoo Group is responsible for providing the Group with management and corporate governance 
services, strategy and treasury services and provides a mechanism for communicating strategic and 
operational direction to the Group's subsidiaries and realising synergies between operations.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the current Executive Directors of Ooredoo Group, their current 
positions in Ooredoo Group, age and the years of their appointment are as follows: 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Month of 
Appointment 
Aziz Ahmad Aluthman Fakhroo 
43 
Group Chief Executive Officer 
November 2020 
Sheikh Mohammed Abdulla Al-Thani 
38 
Group Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
March 2020 
Dr. Hamad Yahya Al-Nuaimi 
47 
Group Chief Corporate Affairs Officer 
April 2020 
Abdulla Ahmed Al-Zaman 
51 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
March 2021 
 
 
 
 
Hilal Mohammed Al-Khulaifi 
40 
Group Chief Legal, Regulatory & Governance 
Officer 
March 2023 
René Heinz Werner 
51 
Group Chief Strategy Officer 
March 2021(1) 
Efthymios Tsokanis 
59 
Group Chief Technology Officer 
January 2023 
Fatima Sultan Al-Kuwari 
39 
Group Chief Human Resources Officer 
March 2021 
Saim Yaksan 
50 
Group Chief Transformation and Procurement 
Officer 
October 2021 
Syed Bilal Kazmi 
54 
Group Chief Consumer Officer 
January 2022 
Mohammed Abdulkhaliq Al-Emadi 
47 
Croup Chief Executive Internal Auditor 
November 2011 
Najib Mohammed Taqui Khan 
55 
Group Chief Business Service Officer 
March 2022 
Ahmed Abdulaziz Al-Neama 
39 
Regional Group Chief Executive Officer 
January 2022 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 The appointment becomes effective in April 2021. 
 
The business address for each Executive Director of Ooredoo Group is Building 14, Zone 61, Street 801, 
Doha, Qatar.

--- Page 197 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
Set forth below is a short biography of each of the other Executive Directors of Ooredoo Group: 
Aziz Ahmad Aluthman Fakhroo 
Mr. Aziz Ahmad Aluthman Fakhroo is the Chief Executive Officer of Ooredoo Group and was appointed 
in November 2020. He was a member of the Board (from March 2011 to March 2024) and was an 
appointee of the Government of Qatar.  
He was also appointed as the Managing Director of Ooredoo Group on 1 November 2020. He has 
previously served as Deputy Undersecretary for Financial Affairs of the Qatar Ministry of Finance, 
Assistant Undersecretary for General Budget Affairs of the Ministry of Finance and Deputy Director in 
the Mergers and Acquisitions Department of Qatar Holding LLC, the strategic and direct investments 
arm of the Qatar Investment Authority. He was previously the Chairman of Ooredoo Myanmar, the 
founder and Chief Executive Officer of Idealys, and previously served on the boards of United Arab 
Shipping Company, Canary Wharf Group, Chelsfield LLP and CITIC Capital. He holds a degree in 
business administration from ESLSCA University. 
In March 2021 he was appointed as a Board member of Katara Hospitality and member of the Board of 
Trustees of Qatar Museums and in December he was appointed on the Board of Commissioners of 
Indosat. He served as Board Member at Accor SA from 2015 till 2022. 
Sheikh Mohammed Abdulla Al-Thani 
Sheikh Mohammed Abdulla Al-Thani serves as both Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Ooredoo 
Group and Chief Executive Officer of Ooredoo Qatar since March 2020. He has over 16 years of 
experience in communications, digital transformation, finance and accounting, and has held various 
management positions within Ooredoo since he joined the company in 2009. Most recently, he was Chief 
Executive Officer of Ooredoo Kuwait and led the company to reach key milestones and increase its share 
in the market. Sheikh Mohammed is currently the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ooredoo Kuwait, 
as well as Indosat Ooredoo Hutchinson's President Commissioner. He holds a master's degree in Finance 
and Accounting from the University of Cardiff, UK and a bachelor's degree in Accounting from Qatar 
University. 
Dr. Hamad Yahya Al-Nuaimi 
Dr. Hamad Yahya Al Nuaimi was appointed Group Chief Corporate Affairs Officer at Ooredoo in April 
2020. Prior to his current role, Dr. Hamad was Chief Corporate Affairs Officer at Ooredoo Kuwait. He 
has an extensive and accomplished career of over 25 years in the finance, communications, media and 
telecoms industries and has held senior roles at QNB and the Al Jazeera Media Network.  
Abdulla Ahmed Al-Zaman 
Mr. Abdulla Ahmed Al-Zaman was appointed as the Group's Chief Financial Officer in March 2021, 
having previously served as Chief Finance Officer of Ooredoo Qatar since January 2018 and holding 
multiple senior roles since joining the Group in 2013. Mr. Al-Zaman has extensive experience in 
leadership roles within finance, both in telecommunications and other industries. He holds a bachelor's 
degree in Finance & Business Administration from California State University, Sacramento in the United 
States and an EMBA from the University of Hull in the United Kingdom. 
Ahmad Abdulaziz Al -Neama 
Ahmad Al Neama was appointed Group Regional Chief Executive Officer in January 2022.  
In this role he oversees the strategic evolution of six Operating Companies: Ooredoo Algeria, Ooredoo 
Tunisia, Ooredoo Palestine, Ooredoo Maldives and Indosat Ooredoo Hutchison. His focus is to create 
synergies around digitalisation, business consolidation and partnerships to grow core business areas, and 
to drive top-line growth to maximise cost-efficiencies. 
Ahmad is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ooredoo Algeria, Ooredoo Tunisia, and Vice-Chairman 
of the board of Ooredoo Palestine, as well as Commissioner at Indosat Ooredoo Hutchison.

--- Page 198 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
Previous key roles include President Director & Chief Executive Officer at Indosat Ooredoo from May 
2019 to December 2021, Group Chief Technology Officer at Ooredoo Group from July 2017 to May 
2019 and Chief Sales & Services Officer at Ooredoo Qatar from June 2015 to July 2017. 
Ahmad joined Ooredoo Qatar in 2004 and built his career taking on several roles and functions including 
Director of Demand and Project Management, and Senior Director of Radio Networks, bringing extensive 
experiences in telecoms and network engineering, as well as B2C and B2B/ICT sales and operations. 
A BSc holder in Electrical Engineering from the University of Colorado at Denver, Ahmad has over the 
years received further qualifications from the HEC Leadership Academy, Qatar Leadership Center, Arab 
Leadership Academy and Cranfield University & IMD, as well as additional specializations in Digital 
Signal Processing, Advanced Electromagnetic Fields Control and Methods of Engineering among others 
from leading institutions. 
Saim Yaksan 
Saim Yaksan was appointed Group Chief Transformation Officer in October 2021.  
He has over 22 years of experience in Telecommunications, IT and Financial Services industries across 
mature and emerging markets around the world. Saim has successful record of large scale business 
transformations for several Telecom Operators, Digital & Fintech and Technology companies. 
Prior to joining Ooredoo, he was Senior Vice President at McKinsey with focus on transformation and 
ICT. Previously, Saim was Group Chief Transformation Officer for MTN leading multiple business 
turnarounds by establishing new digital revenue streams and cost efficiencies. He had various senior roles 
as CEO of MTN Cameroon, Group Chief Procurement Officer and CEO of MTN Sourcing Companies. 
Saim has also held several senior roles at Vodafone Group and as CPO in Vodafone operations. 
Saim holds a Master's degree in Business Administration from the University of Cologne, Germany and 
participated in Erasmus scholarship program studying at Dublin City University, Ireland. 
Syed Bilal Kazmi 
Bilal Kazmi was appointed Group Chief Consumer Officer in January 2022.  
He has over 25 years of experience in leadership roles, including profit and loss accountability across the 
commercial value chain for a USD$1 billion turnover company. Bilal has extensive experience in 
Distribution, B2B, Wholesale, Customer Care and New Product Development. He also has experience in 
implementing complex, large-scale telecom projects, including digital transformation, structural changes 
and strategic partnerships.  
Before taking up his current position, Bilal was Group Chief Commercial Officer (Acting) for a short 
period before being confirmed in his current position. Previously, he was Executive Director Sales at 
Ooredoo Group, Commercial Investments & Portfolio – Gulf OpCos. Prior to that, he was Chief 
Commercial Officer at Telenor Pakistan, where he successfully built a sustainable model of subscriber 
growth and customer centricity.  
Bilal was also Board Member at Telenor Long Distance Communication.  
He holds a Master's degree in Business Administration, with Distinction, from Lancaster University 
Management School in the UK and a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University 
of Engineering & Technology in Lahore. 
Hilal Mohammed Al-Khulaifi 
Mr. Hilal Al-Khulaifi was appointed Group Chief Legal, Regulatory & Governance Officer in 
March 2023. 
Prior to joining Ooredoo, he held the position of Director of Legal Affairs at the Ministry of Commerce 
and Industry (MOCI). Throughout his distinguished career, Al-Khulaifi has taken on several leadership 
roles, including Chairmanship of the Anti-Concealment Committee, the Tender and Auction Committee

--- Page 199 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
of the Supreme Council for Economic Affairs and Investment, the Health Insurance Law Drafting 
Committee, and the Chairman of Qatar Chamber Election Committee (2018). Additionally, he has served 
as Secretary of the Supreme Council for Economic Affairs and Investment. 
He is an active member of various committees, including the establishment of the Court of Trade and 
Investment at the Supreme Council of the Judiciary, the Financial Sanctions Committee at the 
Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (CRA), and the Permanent Residential Committee at the 
Ministry of Interior. Moreover, he has represented the State at the United Nations Commission on 
International Trade Law (UNCITRAL). 
Currently, Mr. Hilal is a member of the International Association of Legislation (ILA) and a certified 
arbitrator at the Qatar International Centre for Conciliation and Arbitration. He earned his Bachelor's 
degree in Law from Qatar University and a Master's in Law (LLM) from the University of Portsmouth in 
the United Kingdom. 
René Heinz Werner 
Mr. Werner was announced as the Group Chief Strategy Officer in March 2021 (with the appointment 
becoming effective in April 2021). He has 25 years’ experience in the telecom and high-tech industry in 
various leadership roles both in operating companies as well as in telecom holdings. Prior to his current 
role, Mr. Werner was Senior Director Global Customer Experience at eBay Inc.  
He also served as Chief Strategy Officer at the Axiata Group and Chief Customer Service & Experience 
Officer at Celcom in its home market and served as a board member in Axiata’s subsidiaries in South 
East Asia, headed Group Strategy and served in other leadership roles in strategy for Deutsche Telekom. 
Prior to that he was  a strategy management consultant at Accenture focusing on turnaround and growth 
strategies in the wireless telecoms and technology sectors.  
Mr. Werner is by training an industrial engineer, holding a Master of Science degree from Karlsruhe 
Institute of Technology and an MBA from University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth, and is a certified 
public accountant. 
Efthymios Tsokanis 
Mr. Efthymios Tsokanis Timos Tsokanis was appointed Group Chief Technology & Information Officer 
in January 2023.  
He joined Ooredoo Group from his previous role as Chief Technology Officer at Ooredoo Algeria, where 
he was responsible for the planning, development and operations of all technology functions of the 
company. During his tenure at Ooredoo Algeria, Efthymios Timos led an ambitious turnaround including 
network building, advancement of digitalisation, transformation of the IT landscape, complete 
technology reorganisation and a refresh of the organisational culture. 
Efthymios Timos's career prior to joining Ooredoo Algeria saw him drive business development and 
manage growth through digitalisation and technology in a number of senior roles in major telecom 
operators across the industry. 
Efthymios Timos holds a Master's Degree in Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute, 
Massachusetts, USA and a Diploma in Engineering from National Technical University, Athens, Greece, 
as well as a number of leadership qualifications from leading professional institutions. 
Mohammed Abdulkhaliq Al- Emadi 
Mohammed Abdulkhaliq Al-Emadi was appointed Group Chief Audit Executive (GCAE) in 
November 2011. 
Since his appointment, he has successfully transformed the Internal Audit Function into a Group Internal 
Audit. Mohammed has 21 years of professional experience in the audit field, 13 of which are in Ooredoo's 
Internal Audit.

--- Page 200 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
He is responsible for providing assurance and consulting services to Ooredoo Qatar, Ooredoo Group and 
Starlink, as well as supporting Internal Audit functions in the Operating Companies.  
He holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Qatar University and a Masters degree in Accounting 
and Finance from Southampton University, UK. 
Najib Mohammed Taqui Khan 
Najib Khan was appointed Group Chief Business Services Officer in March 2022. 
He brings over 28 years of experience in the telecoms sector and is currently responsible for Ooredoo 
Group's Wholesale and B2B business across Ooredoo's global operations. Prior to this role, he served as 
MD & CEO of Ooredoo Maldives Plc and as an Executive Director in the Board of Ooredoo Maldives. 
Under his leadership he has transformed Ooredoo Maldives into a full-service ICT business and led the 
company's transition into a public limited company after a successful IPO in 2017. 
In his various leadership roles, Najib has pioneered digital access for consumers by introducing D-I-Y 
consumer plans, AI BOT Digital assistant for customer service, Digital resorts application for the 
hospitality industry, eCommerce, mobile money applications for consumers and democratisation of 
broadband in the underserved markets by deploying 4G & 5G mobile technologies as well as 
spearheading the acceleration of high-speed broadband, FTTH, IPTV services and Cloud services for the 
B2B segment. 
He has served in many international markets, and has extensive experience in ICT Business Solutions, 
Product Management and Sales Operations. Najib also serves as a Board Member of Ooredoo Palestine. 
Najib has a Bachelor of Science in Business with Marketing from University of London, an Industrial 
Electronics Technical degree from Mumbai University and is a Postgraduate in Business Management. 
Fatima Sultan Al-Kuwari 
Ms. Fatima Sultan Al-Kuwari was appointed as Group Chief Human Resources Officer in March 2021, 
having previously served as Chief Consumer Officer of Ooredoo Qatar and the Group's Executive 
Director–Marketing, leading the Group's marketing function and driving commercial strategy and digital 
transformation. She holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Qatar University and an MBA specialising 
in Marketing from the University of Liverpool in the United Kingdom. 
Conflicts 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the Executive Directors listed above to 
Ooredoo Group and their private interests or other duties. 
Executive Level Committees and Forums 
The Group has developed a structure for its executive level committees and sub-committees in order to 
ensure effective collaboration between business units, the delegation of appropriate levels of executive 
authority and the distribution of decision-making power within the Group. This structure is illustrated in 
the following diagram:

--- Page 201 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
 
Corporate Governance Manual 
In 2008, the Board published a corporate governance manual in order to establish a uniform set of 
corporate governance rules and guidelines for the Group. At the same time, the Office of Corporate 
Governance was created within Ooredoo Group's legal department. The Office of Corporate Governance 
is specifically tasked with managing the corporate governance relationships within the Group and 
providing day-to-day corporate governance services, guidance and advice to the Group. Group Chief 
Legal, Regulatory and Governance Officer is responsible for maintaining, among other things, the 
Group's corporate governance records and policies and establishing internal controls for governance and 
regulatory compliance. 
Accordingly, governance manuals in respect of the Group have been adopted to take into account specific 
local laws and requirements and are broadly consistent with Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.'s corporate governance 
policies. 
Internal Audit 
Ooredoo's Internal Audit Function ("IAF") is headed by Mr. Mohammed Abdulkhaliq Al-Emadi, The 
Group Chief Audit Executive ("GCAE"). The purpose of the IAF is to provide independent, objective 
assurance and consulting services designed to add value and improve the operations of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
The IAF undertakes internal audit activities to determine whether the risk management, control and 
governance processes of the Company are efficient, effective and adequate to ensure that: 
• 
Ooredoo's objectives, plans and programs are achieved; 
• 
Ooredoo's operations are carried out in accordance with the provisions of law, the Articles of 
Association and all the regulations and decisions of the Board; 
• 
Ooredoo's interests and assets are safeguarded and their misuse and waste prevented; 
• 
the systems are functioning as planned and that they are monitored and updated, as necessary, to 
meet changes in the operating conditions; 
• 
the economic, efficient and effective acquisition and use of Ooredoo's resources is achieved; 
• 
the significant financial, managerial, and operating information is accurate, reliable, relevant and 
timely; 
• 
there is an appropriate process for setting objectives and for the identification and management 
of risk;

--- Page 202 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
• 
communication and information sharing among various governance groups is adequate, and that 
Ooredoo's governance framework adheres to leading practices and standards; and 
• 
quality and continuous improvement considerations are included in Ooredoo's processes. 
The IAF also acts as a liaison with the external auditor. In order to provide for the independence of the 
IAF, its personnel report to the GCAE who reports functionally and administratively to the Audit & Risk 
Management Committee. In the interest of independence, the IAF will have no direct responsibility or 
authority over any of Ooredoo's activities. 
Each of Ooredoo's subsidiaries have an independent internal audit function that is reporting functionally 
and administratively to their respective audit and risk management committees. These internal audit 
functions provide independent and objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value and 
improve the operations of their companies. 
Related Party Transactions 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into transactions with related parties. Related parties 
include associated or subsidiary companies, including Government and Government-related entities, 
associates, major shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and companies of 
which they are principal owners. Pricing policies and terms of transactions with related parties are 
approved by the Group's management. The Group also enters into commercial transactions with 
Government-related entities in the ordinary course of business, such as providing telecommunication 
services, placement of deposits and obtaining credit facilities. Summaries of Ooredoo's related party 
transactions are contained in Note 41, "Related Party Disclosures" of the Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. for the year ended 31 December 2023, and Note 26 of the Notes 
to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2024. 
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (ICOFR) 
In accordance with the QFMA Law, Ooredoo Group and its subsidiaries are responsible for establishing 
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ("ICOFR"). The Group has 
implemented an ICOFR framework based on the COSO Framework. ICOFR is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the 
Group's consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). ICOFR includes the Group's disclosure controls and 
procedures designed to prevent misstatements.  
In the first year of full scope implementation in 2019, the Group undertook a formal evaluation of the 
adequacy of the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the system of ICOFR. The 
evaluation included the assessment of the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the 
control environment as well as individual controls that make up the system of ICOFR. This evaluation 
did not report any material weaknesses on design, implementation and operating effectiveness of ICOFR 
across the Group. The Group most recently undertook a similar evaluation in 2023 which reported similar 
results.

--- Page 203 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF QATAR 
Unless indicated otherwise, information in this section has been derived from Government publications. 
Country Profile 
Qatar is an independent state in the Southern Arabian Gulf. Qatar shares a land border and maritime 
boundaries with Saudi Arabia and maritime boundaries with Bahrain, the UAE and Iran. Qatar covers an 
area of approximately 11,493 square kilometres. Doha is the capital city of Qatar, the seat of government 
and Qatar's cultural, commercial and financial centre. It includes a seaport and international airport and 
has an advanced internal road system and highway linking it to Saudi Arabia. According to the Planning 
and Statistics Authority, as at 30 June 2024 Qatar's total population stood at 2,857,822. The population 
growth rate has begun to slow, as compared to the first decade of 2000, where between 2004 and April 
2010, the total population of Qatar grew by 128.4 per cent. Since 2015, the population growth rate has 
decreased. A large portion of Qatar's population is comprised of non-Qatari nationals.  
Qatar, which gained independence from the United Kingdom on 3 September 1971, was ruled from 
27 June 1995 until 2013 by the former Emir, His Highness Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani. On 
25 June 2013, His Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani (former Heir Apparent and 
the former Emir's fourth son) became the Emir of Qatar after his father handed power over to him. During 
his rule, His Highness Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani implemented various initiatives designed to 
exploit Qatar's oil and gas resources in a responsible manner, thereby making rapid economic 
development and the construction of modern infrastructure possible in Qatar. During this period of rapid 
economic and social progress, Qatar has maintained its cultural and traditional values as an Arab and 
Islamic nation. 
In terms of foreign relations and membership of international organisations, Qatar, together with Bahrain, 
Kuwait, Oman, Saudi Arabia and the UAE form the GCC. Furthermore, Qatar is a member of the Gas 
Exporting Countries Forum (which was established in 2008 and has its headquarters in Doha) and the 
United Nations. It is also a member of numerous international and multilateral organisations, including 
the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the World 
Trade Organisation, the League of Arab States, The Organisation of the Islamic Conference, the 
Multinational Investment Guarantee Organisation and UNESCO. 
Legal System 
Over the last decade, Qatar's legal system has been significantly reformed by the enactment of various 
pieces of legislation intended to bring Qatari laws in line with international laws, standards and practices. 
Qatar's civil law sets forth civil law principles, including with respect to conflict of laws, contracts, rights 
and obligations, security, ownership and torts. Qatar's commercial law addresses commercial affairs and 
entities, competition, commercial obligations and contracts, and commercial paper. The commercial law 
also provides comprehensive provisions addressing bankruptcy matters, permitting creditors to file 
claims against any corporate entity, except for certain professional companies and other companies that 
are at least majority owned by the Government. Finally, the Commercial Companies Law, which came 
into effect on 7 July 2015, addresses matters with respect to the ownership of shares, limited liability, 
capital contributions, payment of dividends, shareholder rights and obligations and general principles of 
corporate governance, and also includes the concept of a limited liability company owned by a single 
shareholder, which was introduced by the previous commercial companies law, and is not dissimilar to 
the companies laws of more mature legal systems. 
The Government has passed other significant legislation in the past two decades, including the Foreign 
Investment Law, the Central Bank Law, the Money Laundering Law, the Qatar Stock Exchange Law and 
the Qatar Financial Centre Law (the "QFC Law"), as well as competition, intellectual property, labour, 
property and environmental laws. Following the establishment of the QFC in 2005, the QFC Law 
established a legal and regulatory regime to govern the QFC that is generally parallel to and separate 
from Qatari laws and the Qatari legal system, except for Qatari criminal law. The QFC has established 
its own rules and regulations applicable to, among others, financial services companies, and which cover 
such topics as employment, companies, anti-money laundering, contracts and insolvency.

--- Page 204 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
Qatar adopted Law No. 1 of 2019 regulating the Investment of Non-Qatari Capital in the Economic 
Activity which repealed Law No. 13 of 2000. The new law states that, foreign investors can hold up to 
100 per cent. of the shares in a company which undertakes certain economic activities without having a 
local partner.  
National Vision 
Recognising that Qatar's considerable wealth creates a host of opportunities as well as challenges, in 
October 2008, the State's former General Secretariat for Development Planning (which was merged with 
the Qatar Statistics Authority in 2013 to form the Ministry of Development Planning and Statistics) 
launched the Qatar National Vision 2030 (the "National Vision"). This defines broad future trends and 
long-term objectives for Qatar, providing the framework within which national strategies and 
implementation plans can be developed. Besides establishing the foundation for developing Qatar's future 
strategies and policies, the National Vision has also helped to strengthen the coordination among 
governmental agencies and integrate planning efforts for the Government, the private sector and civic 
organisations. The four cornerstones of the National Vision are human, social, economic and 
environmental development, in the context of which the State aims to balance modernisation and the 
preservation of traditions; the needs of the current generation and the needs of future generations; 
managed growth and uncontrolled expansion; the size and quality of the expatriate labour force; and 
economic growth and social development, and environment management. 
In March 2011, Qatar published the National Development Strategy 2011-2016 ("NDS") which 
translated the goals identified in the National Vision into actionable targets. The Second National 
Development 
Strategy 
2018-2022 
provides 
a 
strategic 
framework 
for 
implementing the 2030 vision, and includes Government developed policies which are designed to attract 
private sector investment to Qatar through a broad range of investment incentives. It also aims to 
focus attention and resources towards key national priorities alongside a policy of the rationalisation 
of government spending. For example all annual implementation plans, development programs and 
projects provided in the strategy will include detailed costs and budgets. The National Development 
Strategy 2018-2022 also aims to align all future implementation plans with the Ministry of Finance to 
ensure adequate funding and overall efficiency of government spending. The Government also aims to 
strengthen its economic diversification efforts by enhancing private sector contribution to the Qatari 
economy where continued additions to capital stock will enhance the growth of the non-oil and gas 
sector and support real GDP growth.  
The Third National Development Strategy 2024-2030 provides a plan for the next and final phase of 
Qatar’s journey towards achieving the 2030 vision. The new strategy is designed to strengthen the ability 
of Qatar to face challenges and transform it into an advanced society by 2030. The strategy aims to 
achieve seven objectives, including: sustainable economic growth, financial sustainability, a versatile 
workforce, a cohesive society, a high standard of living, environmental sustainability and distinguished 
government entities. The strategy comprises of a number of ambitions that provide a steer, for example, 
to decrease greenhouse gas emissions by twenty-five per cent., to achieve a top ten Business Environment 
ranking, to achieve a four per cent. annual non-hydrocarbon GDP growth and to attract U.S.$100 billion 
in foreign direct investment. The strategy aims to provide stakeholders with the opportunity to contribute, 
participating in the country’s development. 
Economic Overview  
Qatar is one of the most prosperous countries in the world, with a nominal GDP per capita of 
QR318,472.4 (U.S.$87,480.4) in 2022, according to the World Bank Group. As at 1 January 2023, Qatar's 
proven reserves of crude oil amounted to approximately 25.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent. This 
includes proven reserves of approximately 843 trillion standard cubic feet of natural gas as of December 
2022. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, Qatar had the third largest natural gas 
deposits after Iran and Russia and owned 11 per cent. of the total proved natural gas reserves in the world 
as of December 2022. Virtually all of Qatar's proven reserves of natural gas and condensate are located 
in the North Field. 
For most of the past two decades, Qatar's was one of the fastest growing economies of the world. Such 
growth was driven by the development of its important natural gas reserves. Following the completion of 
all planned liquefied natural gas ("LNG") export facilities in 2011, growth slowed, and this has been

--- Page 205 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
compounded more recently by lower revenues from hydrocarbon exports due to lower hydrocarbon 
production and prices. As a result, the contribution of the oil and gas sector to nominal GDP has declined 
from 52.5 per cent. in 2014 to 44.2 per cent. in 2022. However, in 2017 Qatar lifted the self-imposed 
moratorium on the further development of the North Field and is targeting a significant increase in LNG 
capacity expansion. Qatar's current liquefied natural gas ("LNG") production capacity is 77 million 
tonnes per annum ("mtpa"). Qatar is currently in the process of constructing a North Field expansion (the 
"North Field Expansion"), consisting of six new LNG trains, and the project is expected to increase 
LNG production by 64 per cent. to 126 mtpa. There are three phases in relation to the North Field 
Expansion. The first phase, North Field East, consists of four new trains and is expected to increase 
Qatar's LNG production from 77 to 110 mtpa, with first gas expected in 2025. The second phase, North 
Field South, will add two more trains and is expected to further boost LNG production to 126 mtpa, with 
first gas expected by 2027. The third phase, North Field West, is expected to raise LNG production to 
142 mtpa, with first gas expected by 2030. 
Moreover, the non-oil and gas sector is becoming stronger with the contribution of the non-oil and gas 
sector to total nominal GDP increasing from 47.5 per cent. in 2014 to 55.8 per cent. in 2022 on the back 
of manufacturing, construction, financial and insurance activities. 
Qatar continues to develop its natural gas resources beyond the LNG industry by implementing a 
downstream strategy driven by opportunities to generate additional revenue from its existing oil and gas 
production. Qatar Energy ("QE") (previously known as Qatar Petroleum has developed pipeline gas 
projects both for regional export markets and for domestic petrochemicals, power generation plants and 
industrial consumption. In addition, QE is the majority shareholder in a number of industrial companies 
located primarily at Ras Laffan Industrial City and Mesaieed Industrial City, which use natural gas as 
feedstock and/or fuel to produce various value-added products, such as refined products, petrochemicals, 
fertiliser, steel and aluminium, both for domestic consumption and for export. Qatar has also invested in 
exploiting various gas-to-liquid ("GTL") technologies and has two joint venture projects currently in 
operation to generate GTL products, such as distillates and lubricants.  
Although Qatar is focused on ensuring optimal and sustainable development and commercialisation of 
the oil and gas sector, which continues to be the backbone of the economy, one of the cornerstones of 
Qatar's current economic policy, in particular in light of the recent decrease in hydrocarbon production 
and prices, is a commitment to diversify the overall economy so that Government revenues from the oil 
and gas sector are supplemented by increased revenues from non-oil and gas-related activities. As set 
forth in the National Vision, Qatar's long-term economic objectives include developing its infrastructure 
and strengthening its private sector. 
Throughout a period characterised by rapid growth and development, Qatar has aimed to demonstrate 
fiscal responsibility by managing its budget and public finances prudently. Qatar has historically had low 
levels of indebtedness but there was an increase in indebtedness from 2009 onwards mainly due to the 
support given by Qatar to the commercial banking sector during the global financial crisis in 2009 and 
the issuance of bonds and treasury bills by the Qatar Central Bank to absorb excess liquidity among 
domestic commercial banks and to develop a yield curve for riyal-denominated domestic bonds. Most of 
Qatar's significant energy projects are funded on a stand-alone, limited recourse basis. 
In recent years, Qatar has focused on diversifying its economy through increased spending on 
infrastructure, social programmes, healthcare and education, which have modernised Qatar's economy. 
In addition, significant investments have been made to increase economic returns from, in particular, 
financial services, infrastructure development and tourism. Qatar's economic growth has also enabled it 
to diversify its economy through domestic and international investment into different classes of assets. 
This diversification will be important to Qatar's future as the growth rate of Qatar's revenue from the oil 
and gas sector is expected to stabilise, given the completion of several of Qatar's long-term hydrocarbon 
investment programmes. 
In 2005, Qatar established the QIA to propose and implement investments for Qatar's growing financial 
reserves, both domestically and abroad. Through the QIA, Qatar has invested in private equity, the 
banking sector, real estate, publicly traded securities and alternative assets. With its growing portfolio of 
international and domestic long-term strategic investments, the QIA has contributed to Qatar's financial 
stability and diversified its sources of fiscal revenue for the future (although currently the QIA reinvests

--- Page 206 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
all income from its assets). Qatar hosted the Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) 
2022 World Cup, which provided opportunities for Qatar to invest in further developing its infrastructure 
and diversifying its economy. 
The following table illustrates certain key macro-economic data for Qatar: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(QRm, unless otherwise stated) 
 
Nominal GDP .....................................................................................  
525,657 
654,225 
859,980 
Growth rate (%) ...............................................................................  
(18.1) 
24.5 
31.5 
Oil and gas sector 
152,343 
240,752 
380,26 
Growth rate (%) ...............................................................................  
(33.6) 
58.0 
57.9 
Share in nominal GDP (%) ..............................................................  
29.0 
36.8 
44.2 
Non-oil and gas sector 
373,314 
413,473 
479,179 
Growth rate (%) ...............................................................................  
(10.5) 
10.8 
15.9 
Share in nominal GDP (%) ..............................................................  
71.0 
63.2 
55.8 
GDP per Capita (QR thousands) ......................................................  
190.5 
243.4 
318.4 
Inflation (%) ......................................................................................  
2.6 
2.3 
5.0 
Total revenues ....................................................................................  
171,975 
193,726 
297,789 
Total expenditures .............................................................................  
182,454 
192,135 
208,742 
Deficit or Surplus...............................................................................  
(10,479) 
1,591 
89,047 
Deficit or Surplus / GDP (%) ............................................................  
(2.0) 
0.0 
10.4 
 
Source: Qatar Central Bank, December 2020, 2021, 2022 Quarterly Statistical Bulletin; Planning and Statistics Authority 
Notes: 
 
Qatar's credit ratings  
In November 2022, Moody’s confirmed Qatar’s long-term debt rating of AA3 with a positive outlook. 
As of 25 January 2024, Moody’s upgraded Qatar’s rating to AA2 from AA3. In December 2018, S&P 
confirmed Qatar’s long-term credit rating of AA- with a stable outlook. On 4 November 2022, S&P 
upgraded this rating to AA from AA-, with a stable outlook assigned. In March 2023, Fitch affirmed 
Qatar’s long-term debt rating of AA-. On 20 March 2024, Fitch upgraded Qatar’s long term credit rating 
to AA evolving.

--- Page 207 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. The Issuer and Ooredoo take responsibility for the correct extraction and reproduction of the 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems, but none of the Issuer, Ooredoo or any 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of 
the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer, Ooredoo nor any other party to the 
Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or 
payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of 
any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Book entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "banking organisation" within the meaning 
of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC 
holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the 
settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited 
securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other 
organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation 
("DTCC"). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed 
Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users 
of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities 
brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together with Direct 
Participants, "Participants"). More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com and 
www.dtc.org. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf 
it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as 
described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The 
DTC Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the 
DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments 
on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the 
requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments 
and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect 
Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their 
purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the 
transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant's or Indirect 
Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership 
interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on 
behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership 
interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is 
discontinued.

--- Page 208 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name 
of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of 
the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the 
Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants 
to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in 
such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC 
Notes unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its 
usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. 
The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to 
whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee 
as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer 
or the relevant agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), 
on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. 
Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in 
"street name", and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to 
any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and 
interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants 
is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the 
responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will 
exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in 
accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A 
Global Note, will be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – United States". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. 
The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory 
purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct 
Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant 
agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that 
a successor depository is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depository). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to 
DTC.

--- Page 209 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are worldwide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Book-Entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, 
DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant 
Dealer(s). Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective 
depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered 
Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only 
through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) 
and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. Dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by 
DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case 
of any payment in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by 
it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the 
Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of 
such payment to be converted into U.S. Dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility 
of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrars or the 
Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility 
of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that 
certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct 
Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person

--- Page 210 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such 
Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect 
of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The 
ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible 
to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Transfer Restrictions", cross market 
transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear accountholders, on the other hand, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in 
accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrars, the Paying Agents and any custodian 
("Custodian") with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in 
DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross market transfers between accountholders in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. As there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrars, the 
Paying Agents and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the 
transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus 
payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment 
must be made separately. 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuer, Ooredoo, the Agents or any Dealer(s) will be responsible for any 
performance by DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 211 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following summary of certain tax consequences of ownership of Notes is based upon laws, 
regulations, decrees, rulings, income tax conventions, administrative practice and judicial decisions in 
effect at the date of this Base Prospectus. Legislative, judicial or administrative changes or 
interpretations may, however, be forthcoming that could alter or modify the statements and conclusions 
set forth herein. Any such changes or interpretations may be retroactive and could affect the tax 
consequences to holders of the Notes. This summary does not purport to be a legal opinion or to address 
all tax aspects that may be relevant to a holder of Notes. Each prospective holder is urged to consult its 
own tax adviser as to the particular tax consequences to such holder of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes, including the applicability and effect of any other tax laws or tax treaties, and of 
pending or proposed changes in applicable tax laws as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and of any 
actual changes in applicable tax laws after such date. 
Bermuda 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Save for the new corporate income tax ("CIT"), which may be applicable to certain persons (as described 
further below), there is no Bermuda withholding or other tax payable on principal or interest paid to 
Noteholders. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
On 27 December 2023, CITA was given royal assent, with certain sections of CITA being operative on 
1 January 2024 and the large majority due to become operative on 1 January 2025. CITA implements a 
new corporate tax regime within the scope of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project of the OECD, 
under which participating jurisdictions agree to initiate a global minimum tax on excess profits of 
multinational enterprises. Under the CITA, Bermuda corporate income tax will be chargeable in respect 
of fiscal years beginning on or after 1 January 2025 and will apply only to a Bermuda Constituent Entity 
Group. Where corporate income tax is chargeable to a Bermuda Constituent Entity Group, the amount of 
corporate income tax chargeable for a fiscal year shall be (1) 15 per cent. of the net taxable income of the 
Bermuda Constituent Entity Group less (2) any tax credits applicable to such Bermuda Constituent Entity 
Group under Part 4 of the CITA. The CITA introduces certain "qualified refundable tax credits" which 
are expected to be developed during 2024 to incentivise companies to support Bermuda residents through 
investments in key areas such as education, healthcare, housing, and other projects to help develop 
Bermuda's workforce. Bermuda will continue to monitor further developments around the world as other 
jurisdictions address the OECD's standards. Based on the current provisions of CITA, impact to the Issuer 
due to the introduction of the new CIT is expected to be minimal. 
Save for the CIT, to the extent applicable, as described below, under current Bermuda law, there is no 
income, corporate or profits tax or withholding tax, capital gains tax or capital transfer tax payable by the 
Issuer. The Issuer has obtained from the Minister of Finance under EUTPA an assurance that, in the event 
that Bermuda enacts legislation imposing tax computed on profits, income, any capital asset, gain or 
appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance, then the imposition of any such tax 
shall not be applicable to such undertakings or to any of its operations or its shares, debentures or other 
obligations of said undertakings, until 31 March 2035. The Issuer could be subject to taxes in Bermuda 
after that date or earlier to the extent that the Issuer is subject to CIT. Once CIT is fully operative, 
corresponding changes will be made to the EUTPA and there will be an imposition of corporate income 
tax to certain multinational groups with annual revenues of at least EUR750 million. Any liability for tax 
imposed under the CITA shall apply notwithstanding any assurance given pursuant to the EUTPA. The 
EUTPA assurance is also subject to the proviso that it is not to be construed so as to prevent the 
application of any tax or duty to such persons as are ordinarily resident in Bermuda or to prevent the 
application of any tax payable in accordance with the provisions of the Land Tax Act 1967 or otherwise 
payable in relation to any property leased to the Issuer. The Issuer pays annual Bermuda government 
fees. In addition, all entities employing individuals in Bermuda are required to pay a payroll tax and there 
are other sundry taxes payable, directly or indirectly, to the Bermuda government. 
The Issuer is required to pay an annual government fee (the "AGF"), which is determined on a sliding 
scale by reference to a company's authorised share capital and share premium account, with the minimum

--- Page 212 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
fee for exempted companies being $2,095.00 in Bermuda dollars and the maximum being $32,676.00 in 
Bermuda dollars (the Bermuda dollar is treated at par with the U.S. Dollar). The AGF is payable each 
year on or before the end of January in the year to which the AGF is applicable and is based on the 
authorised share capital and share premium account as they stood at 31 August in the preceding year. 
In Bermuda, stamp duty is not chargeable in respect of the incorporation, registration, licensing of an 
exempted company or, subject to certain minor exceptions, on their transactions. Accordingly no stamp 
duty will be payable on the issue of any Notes by the Issuer. 
Bermuda has currently signed tax information exchange agreements with 41 different countries and 
territories including Argentina, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, South 
Africa, the UK and the United States. The agreements provide that the competent authorities of the 
participating countries shall provide assistance through the exchange of information that is relevant to 
the administration or enforcement of the domestic laws of the participating countries concerning taxes 
covered by the agreements. Such information shall include information that is relevant to the 
determination, assessment and collection of such taxes, the recovery and enforcement of tax claims or 
the investigation or prosecution of tax matters. Information shall be exchanged in accordance with the 
provisions of the agreements and shall be treated as confidential in the manner provided therein. Bermuda 
may agree to sign similar tax information exchange agreements with other countries in the future. 
Qatar 
The following is a summary of the principal Qatari tax consequences of ownership of the Notes by 
beneficial owners who or which are not incorporated in or residents of Qatar for Qatari tax purposes and 
do not conduct business activities in Qatar ("Non-Qatari Holders"). The summary below of the taxation 
in Qatar is based upon: (a) the Income Tax Law No. 24 of 2018 ("Income Tax Law"); (b) the Executive 
Regulations to the Income Tax Law issued by Cabinet decision No. 39 of 2019 in December 2019 
("Executive Regulations"); and (c) the practice that has been adopted and is applied by the General Tax 
Authority, each as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. This general description is subject to any 
subsequent change in the Income Tax Law, Executive Regulations and practice that may come into effect 
after such date. 
Under the Income Tax Law, tax is levied on a tax payer's income arising from activities within Qatar, 
including tax on profits realised on any contract implemented in Qatar. In particular, Article 9(2) of the 
Income Tax Law states: 
"Taking in consideration the provisions of Tax conventions, the Royalties, interests, commissions and 
fees of the services rendered in whole or in part in the State and paid to non-Residents for Activities not 
related to a Permanent Establishment in the State, shall be withheld at source at the rate of (5%) five 
percent of the total amount thereof, according to the Regulation." (Unofficial translation.) 
The Income Tax Law and the Executive Regulations provide that any payment of interest and fees made 
in relation to bonds issued by a Qatari corporate entity to non-residents will be subject to withholding 
tax. However, the Executive Regulations provide for certain exemptions to such application of 
withholding tax. In particular, Paragraph 2 of Article 21.4 of the Executive Regulations provides that 
interest on bills and bonds issued by the State of Qatar and public authorities, establishments and 
corporations owned wholly or partly by the State shall not be subject to withholding tax. As the Issuer is 
partly and indirectly owned by the State of Qatar, any payment by the Issuer of interest payable under 
any Notes or guaranteed by Ooredoo would fall within the exemption. 
If the Issuer and/or Ooredoo cease to be partly owned by Qatar, the exemption at Paragraph 2 of Article 
21(4) of the Executive Regulations will cease to apply. However, the exemption under Paragraph 3 of 
Article 21(4) of the Executive Regulations which provides that interest on transactions, facilities and 
loans with banks and financial institutions shall not be subject to withholding tax, would apply provided 
that the payment of interest under the Notes is being made to a bank or financial institution. 
The Issuer and Ooredoo have agreed that all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of withholding taxes payable in Qatar and the Issuer and Ooredoo will be

--- Page 213 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
required to pay additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction imposed by or on 
behalf of Qatar in any circumstances, including where an exemption is no longer available. 
No stamp duty or sales tax applies in Qatar either upon the issuance of the Notes or upon a subsequent 
transfer of the Notes. 
Capital gains of the Non-Qatari Holders will not be subject to tax in Qatar. Capital gains of Qatari 
individual Noteholders, including Qatari residents, will be exempt from taxation in Qatar.  
United States 
U.S. Federal Income Taxation 
The following summary discusses certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. Except as specifically noted below, this discussion applies only 
to: 
• 
Notes held as capital assets; and 
• 
U.S. Holders (as defined below). 
This discussion assumes that the Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Prospective investors should note, however, that the classification of an instrument as debt or equity is 
highly factual, and it is possible that Notes might be issued that might be classified as equity for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. No rulings have been or will be sought from the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service (the "IRS") with respect to the classification of the Notes in general or with respect to any 
particular Notes. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors with respect to the proper 
classification of the Notes and the consequences of investing in any Notes that are not classified as debt 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including whether any such Notes might be considered to be 
interests in a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could 
have materially adverse consequences for U.S. taxable investors. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant in light of a 
Noteholder's particular circumstances or to Noteholders subject to special rules, such as: 
• 
financial institutions; 
• 
insurance companies; 
• 
dealers in securities or foreign currencies; 
• 
traders in securities or foreign currencies electing to mark their positions to market; 
• 
regulated investment companies; 
• 
real estate investment trusts; 
• 
grantor trusts; 
• 
tax-exempt organizations; 
• 
persons subject to the alternative minimum tax; 
• 
persons holding Notes as part of a hedging transaction, "straddle," conversion transaction or other 
integrated transaction; 
• 
U.S. expatriates and former long-term residents of the United States; 
• 
U.S. Holders who hold their Notes through non-U.S. intermediaries; 
• 
persons required to include certain items of revenue in income no later than when such item is 
taken into account in their financial statements;

--- Page 214 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
• 
U.S. Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar; or 
• 
partnerships or other pass-through entities and investors in such entities. 
This summary is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, 
temporary and proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, changes to any of which subsequent to the date of 
this Base Prospectus may affect the tax consequences described below. This summary does not address 
any U.S. federal tax consequences other than U.S. federal income tax consequences, such as the estate 
tax, gift tax, U.S. state or local tax or non-U.S. tax. This summary also does not address alternative 
minimum tax consequences, or the Medicare tax on net investment income. Moreover, this summary 
deals only with Notes with a term of 30 years or less. Persons considering the purchase of a particular 
Tranche of Notes should consult the relevant supplemental base prospectus issued in connection with that 
Tranche of Notes for any discussion regarding U.S. federal income taxation and should consult their tax 
advisors with regard to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations, 
as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction. 
The tax treatment of certain Notes such as Floating Rate Notes and Notes that are not principal protected 
will be specified in the relevant supplemental base prospectus issued in connection with those Notes. This 
summary does not discuss Bearer Notes. In general, U.S. federal income tax law imposes significant 
limitations on U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Code. Prospective investors who are U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors 
regarding the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Bearer Notes. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes: 
• 
a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
• 
a corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or of any political 
subdivision thereof; 
• 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; 
or 
• 
a trust (i) if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all 
substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) if such trust has a valid election in effect under applicable 
U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 
If an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds Notes, the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and upon the 
activities of the partnership. Partners of partnerships holding Notes should consult with their tax advisors 
regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. 
Payments of Stated Interest 
Interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues 
or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, provided that the interest is "qualified stated interest" (as defined below). "Qualified stated 
interest" is stated interest that is unconditionally payable, or constructively received under Section 451 
of the Code, in cash or property (other than in debt instruments of the issuer) at least annually during the 
entire term of the Note and equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Note multiplied by a single 
fixed rate of interest. In addition, interest on a Floating Rate Note that is unconditionally payable, or will 
be constructively received under Section 451 of the Code, in cash or property (other than debt instruments 
issued by the Issuer) at least annually will constitute "qualified stated interest" if the Note is a "variable 
rate debt instrument" ("VRDI") under the rules described below and the interest is payable at a single 
"qualified floating rate" or single "objective rate" (each as defined below). If the Note is a VRDI but the 
interest is payable other than at a single qualified floating rate or at a single objective rate, special rules 
apply to determine the portion of such interest that constitutes "qualified stated interest." See "Original

--- Page 215 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
Issue Discount – Floating Rate Notes that are VRDIs," below. Interest income earned by a U.S. Holder 
with respect to a Note will generally constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, which may be relevant in calculating the U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. The rules 
regarding foreign tax credits are complex and prospective investors should consult their tax advisors 
about the application of such rules to them in their particular circumstances. Special rules governing the 
treatment of interest paid with respect to short-term Notes, original issue discount Notes, contingent 
payment debt instruments and foreign currency Notes are described under "Short-Term Notes", "Original 
Issue Discount", "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" and "Foreign Currency Notes". 
Definition of Variable Rate Debt Instrument. A Note is a VRDI if all of the four following conditions are 
met. First, the "issue price" of the Note (as described below) must not exceed the total noncontingent 
principal payments by more than an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 0.015 multiplied by the product of 
the total noncontingent principal payments and the number of complete years to maturity from the issue 
date (or, in the case of a Note that provides for payment of any amount other than qualified stated interest 
before maturity, its weighted average maturity) and (ii) 15 per cent. of the total noncontingent principal 
payments. Second, the Note must generally provide for stated interest (or its equivalent) (compounded or 
paid at least annually) at (a) one or more qualified floating rates, (b) a single fixed rate and one or more 
qualified floating rates, (c) a single objective rate or (d) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that 
is a "qualified inverse floating rate" (as defined below). Third, the Note must provide that a qualified 
floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the Note is set at the value of the 
rate on any day that is no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect 
and no later than one year following that first day. Fourth, the Note may not provide for any principal 
payments that are contingent except as provided in the first requirement set forth above. 
Subject to certain exceptions, a variable rate of interest on a Note is a "qualified floating rate" if variations 
in the value of the rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous fluctuations in the cost 
of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. A variable rate will be 
considered a qualified floating rate if the variable rate equals (i) the product of an otherwise qualified 
floating rate and a fixed multiple (i.e., a spread multiplier) that is greater than 0.65, but not more than 
1.35 or (ii) an otherwise qualified floating rate (or the product described in clause (i)) plus or minus a 
fixed rate (i.e., a spread). If the variable rate equals the product of an otherwise qualified floating rate and 
a single spread multiplier greater than 1.35 or less than or equal to 0.65, however, such rate will generally 
constitute an objective rate, described more fully below. A variable rate will not be considered a qualified 
floating rate if the variable rate is subject to a cap, floor, governor (i.e., a restriction on the amount of 
increase or decrease in the stated interest rate) or similar restriction that is reasonably expected as of the 
issue date to cause the yield on the Note to be significantly more or less than the expected yield 
determined without the restriction (other than a cap, floor or governor that is fixed throughout the term 
of the Note). 
Subject to certain exceptions, an "objective rate" is a rate (other than a qualified floating rate) that is 
determined using a single fixed formula and that is based on objective financial or economic information 
that is neither within the Issuer's control (or the control of a related party) nor unique to the Issuer's 
circumstances (or the circumstances of a related party). Notwithstanding the first sentence of this 
paragraph, a rate on a Note is not an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of 
the rate during the first half of the Note's term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater 
than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Note's term. An objective rate is a "qualified 
inverse floating rate" if (a) the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate and (b) the 
variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to reflect inversely contemporaneous variations in the 
cost of newly borrowed funds (disregarding any caps, floors, governors or similar restrictions that would 
not, as described above, cause a rate to fail to be a qualified floating rate). 
Under U.S. Treasury Regulations, Notes referencing a benchmark rate that are treated as having a 
qualified floating rate for purposes of the above will not fail to be so treated merely because the terms of 
the Notes provide for a replacement of the benchmark rate in the case of a Benchmark Event. In particular, 
under such regulations, the benchmark referencing rate and the replacement rate are treated as a single 
qualified rate. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences to them of the 
potential occurrence of a Benchmark Event.

--- Page 216 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant supplemental base prospectus issued in connection with a 
particular Tranche of Notes, it is expected, and this discussion assumes, that a Floating Rate Note will 
qualify as a VRDI. If a Floating Rate Note does not qualify as a VRDI, then the Floating Rate Note will 
generally be treated as a contingent payment debt instrument, as discussed below under "Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments." 
Original Issue Discount 
Except in the case of a short-term Note, a Note that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated 
redemption price at maturity" will be considered to have been issued at an original issue discount ("OID") 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be referred to as an "original issue discount Note") unless 
the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as described below). The "issue price" of a Note generally will 
be the first price at which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold to the public (which does not include 
sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, 
placement agents or wholesalers). The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Note generally will 
equal the sum of all payments required to be made under the Note other than payments of qualified stated 
interest. 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount, i.e., 1/4 of 1 per cent. of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number 
of complete years to maturity (or, in the case of a Note that provides for payment of any amount other 
than qualified stated interest prior to maturity, the weighted average maturity of the Note), the Note will 
not be considered to have OID. U.S. Holders of Notes with a de minimis amount of OID will include this 
OID in income, as capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal payments are made on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder of original issue discount Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest 
payments in income in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note 
(including qualified stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount 
and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium or acquisition premium) in 
accordance with a constant yield method based on the compounding of interest, and may revoke such 
election only with the permission of the IRS (a "constant yield election"). 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or U.S. Holders may have an unconditional 
option to require the Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable 
regulations, if the Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, 
this option will be presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any date on which the Note may be redeemed 
as the maturity date and the amount payable on that date in accordance with the terms of the Note as the 
stated redemption price at maturity, the yield on the Note would be lower than its yield to maturity. If the 
U.S. Holders have an unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated 
maturity date, this option will be presumed to be exercised if making the same assumptions as those set 
forth in the previous sentence, the yield on the Note would be higher than its yield to maturity. If this 
option is not in fact exercised, the Note would be treated, solely for purposes of calculating OID, as if it 
were redeemed, and a new Note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the 
Note's adjusted issue price on that date. The adjusted issue price of an original issue discount Note is 
defined as the sum of the issue price of the Note and the aggregate amount of previously accrued OID, 
less any prior payments other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Fixed Rate Notes. In the case of a Fixed Rate Note that is an original issue discount Note, U.S. Holders 
of such Note will be required to include OID in income for U.S. federal tax purposes as it accrues in 
accordance with a constant yield method based on a compounding of interest, regardless of whether cash 
attributable to this income is received. 
Floating Rate Notes that are VRDIs. In the case of a Floating Rate Note that is a VRDI and that provides 
for interest at a single variable rate, the amount of qualified stated interest and the amount of OID, if any, 
includible in income during a taxable year are determined under the rules applicable to Fixed Rate Notes 
(described above) by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a qualified 
floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating

--- Page 217 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse 
floating rate), the rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Note. Qualified stated 
interest allocable to an accrual period is increased (or decreased) if the interest actually paid or accrued 
during an accrual period exceeds (or is less than) the interest assumed to be paid or accrued during the 
accrual period. 
If a Note that is a VRDI does not provide for interest at a single variable rate as described above, the 
amount of interest and OID accruals are determined by constructing an equivalent fixed rate debt 
instrument, as follows: 
• 
First, in the case of an instrument that provides for stated interest at one or more qualified floating 
rates or at a qualified inverse floating rate and, in addition, at a fixed rate (other than a fixed rate 
that is treated as, together with a variable rate, a single qualified floating rate or objective rate), 
replace the fixed rate with a qualified floating rate (or qualified inverse floating rate) such that 
the fair market value of the instrument, so modified, as of the issue date would be approximately 
the same as the fair market value of the unmodified instrument. 
• 
Second, determine the fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided by the Note. The fixed 
rate substitute for each qualified floating rate provided by the Note is the value of that qualified 
floating rate on the issue date. If the Note provides for two or more qualified floating rates with 
different intervals between interest adjustment dates (for example, the 30-day commercial paper 
rate and quarterly LIBOR), the fixed rate substitutes are based on intervals that are equal in length 
(for example, the 90-day commercial paper rate and quarterly LIBOR, or the 30-day commercial 
paper rate and monthly LIBOR). The fixed rate substitute for an objective rate that is a qualified 
inverse floating rate is the value of the qualified inverse floating rate on the issue date. The fixed 
rate substitute for an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) is a fixed rate that 
reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Note. 
• 
Third, construct an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument that has terms that are identical to those 
provided under the Note, except that the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument provides for the 
fixed rate substitutes determined in the second step, in lieu of the qualified floating rates or 
objective rate provided by the Note. 
• 
Fourth, determine the amount of qualified stated interest and OID for the equivalent fixed rate 
debt instrument under the rules (described above) for Fixed Rate Notes. These amounts are taken 
into account as if the U.S. Holder held the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument. See "Payments 
of Stated Interest" and "Original Issue Discount – Fixed Rate Notes," above. 
• 
Fifth, make appropriate adjustments for the actual values of the variable rates. In this step, 
qualified stated interest or, in certain circumstances, OID allocable to an accrual period is 
increased (or decreased) if the interest actually accrued or paid during the accrual period exceeds 
(or is less than) the interest assumed to be accrued or paid during the accrual period under the 
equivalent fixed rate debt instrument. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note (other than a short-term Note) for an amount that is less than its stated 
redemption price at maturity or, in the case of an original issue discount Note, its adjusted issue price, the 
amount of the difference will be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless 
this difference is less than a specified de minimis amount. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to treat any principal payment (or, in the case of an original issue discount 
Note, any payment that does not constitute qualified stated interest) on, or any gain on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, including disposition in certain non-recognition transactions, as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount accrued on the Note at the time of the payment or 
disposition unless this market discount has been previously included in income by the U.S. Holder 
pursuant to an election by the Noteholder to include market discount in income as it accrues, or pursuant 
to a constant yield election (as described under "Original Issue Discount") by the Noteholder. In addition, 
the U.S. Holder may be required to defer, until the maturity of the Note or its earlier disposition (including

--- Page 218 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
certain non-taxable transactions), the deduction of all or a portion of the interest expense on any 
indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry such Note. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election for a Note with market discount, such election will result 
in a deemed election for all market discount bonds acquired by the Noteholder on or after the first day of 
the first taxable year to which such election applies. This election may only be revoked with the consent 
of the IRS. 
Acquisition Premium and Amortisable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder who purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the Note's adjusted issue price, 
but less than or equal to the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than 
payments of qualified stated interest will be considered to have purchased the Note at an acquisition 
premium. Under the acquisition premium rules, the amount of OID that the U.S. Holder must include in 
its gross income with respect to the Note for any taxable year will be reduced by the portion of acquisition 
premium properly allocable to that year. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount in excess of the sum of the remaining amounts payable 
on the Note (other than qualified stated interest), the Noteholder will be considered to have purchased the 
Note with amortisable bond premium equal in amount to such excess and generally will not be required 
to include any OID in gross income. Generally, a U.S. Holder may elect to amortise this premium as an 
offset to qualified stated interest, using a constant yield method, over the remaining term of the Note. 
Special rules may apply in the case of a Note that is subject to optional redemption. A U.S. Holder who 
elects to amortise bond premium must reduce its tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium 
amortised in any year. An election to amortise bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations then 
owned and thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "Original Issue Discount") for a 
Note with amortisable bond premium, such election will result in a deemed election to amortise bond 
premium for all of the U.S. Holder's debt instruments with amortisable bond premium. This election may 
only be revoked with the consent of the IRS. 
Sale, Exchange, Retirement or the Taxable Disposition of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder will generally 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition and the Noteholder's adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's 
adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the acquisition cost of the Note increased by the amount 
of OID and market discount included in the Holder's gross income and decreased by any payment 
received from the Issuer other than a payment of qualified stated interest and any amortisable bond 
premium taken into account. Gain or loss, if any, will generally be U.S. source income for purposes of 
computing a U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. For these purposes, the amount realised does not 
include any amount attributable to accrued interest on the Note. Amounts attributable to accrued interest 
(including OID) are treated as interest as described under "Payments of Stated Interest" and "Original 
Issue Discount". 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable 
disposition of a Note will generally be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at 
the time of sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition the U.S. Holder has held the Note for 
more than one year. Exceptions to this general rule apply to the extent of any accrued market discount 
or, in the case of a short-term Note, to the extent of any accrued discount not previously included in the 
Noteholder's taxable income. See "Original Issue Discount" and "Market Discount". In addition, other 
exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of short-term Notes, foreign currency Notes, and 
contingent payment debt instruments. See "Short-Term Notes", "Foreign Currency Notes" and 
"Contingent Payment Debt Instruments". The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Short-Term Notes 
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Note") will be treated as 
being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated 
interest. In general, a cash method U.S. Holder of a short-term Note is not required to accrue the discount

--- Page 219 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so, with the consequence that the reporting of 
such income is deferred until it is received. U.S. Holders who so elect and certain other U.S. Holders, 
including those who report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, are required to include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless 
another election is made to accrue the discount according to a constant yield method based on daily 
compounding. In the case of a U.S. Holder who is not required and who does not elect to include the 
discount in income currently, any gain realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note 
will be ordinary income to the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, 
according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or 
retirement. In addition, those U.S. Holders will be required to defer deductions for any interest paid on 
indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry short-term Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued 
discount (which includes interest that is payable but that has not been included in gross income) with 
respect to such short-term Note until the accrued discount is included in income. A U.S. Holder's tax 
basis in a short-term Note is increased by the amount included in such holder's income on such a Note. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments 
(including certain Floating Rate Notes that do not qualify as VRDIs) they will be "contingent payment 
debt instruments" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the rules that govern the treatment of 
contingent payment debt instruments, no payment on such Notes qualifies as qualified stated interest. 
Rather, a U.S. Holder must accrue interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable 
yield" and account for differences between actual payments on the Note and the Note's "projected 
payment schedule" as described below. The comparable yield is determined, pursuant to U.S. Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.1275-4(b)(4)(i)(A), by the Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes and, in 
general, equals the annual yield an issuer would pay, as of the issue date, on a fixed-rate, nonconvertible 
debt instrument with no contingent payments, but with terms and conditions otherwise comparable to the 
contingent payment debt instrument. The comparable yield may be greater than or less than the stated 
interest, if any, with respect to the Notes. Solely for the purpose of determining the amount of interest 
income that a U.S. Holder will be required to accrue on a contingent payment debt instrument, the Issuer 
will be required to construct a "projected payment schedule" that represents a series of payments the 
amount and timing of which would produce a yield to maturity on the contingent payment debt instrument 
equal to the comparable yield. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the 
Issuer regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and the 
projected payment schedule established by the Issuer in determining interest accruals and adjustments in 
respect of a contingent payment debt instrument, unless the U.S. Holder timely discloses and justifies the 
use of a different comparable yield and projected payment schedule to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of its method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will be 
required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, 
adjusted upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected 
amount of any contingent payments on the contingent payment debt instrument (as set forth below). As 
such, a U.S. Holder may be required to include interest in income each year in excess of any stated interest 
payments actually received in that year, if any. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent 
payment debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected 
payments over actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
• 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that 
a Noteholder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; 
• 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to the extent of the U.S. 
Holder's interest income on the contingent debt obligation during prior taxable years, reduced to 
the extent such interest was offset by prior net negative adjustments; and

--- Page 220 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
• 
to the extent of any excess after the application of the previous two bullet points, will be carried 
forward as a negative adjustment to offset future interest income with respect to the contingent 
debt obligation or to reduce the amount realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the 
contingent debt obligation. 
A net negative adjustment is not treated as a miscellaneous itemised deduction (for which deductions 
would be unavailable or, beginning in 2026, available only to a limited extent). Where a U.S. Holder 
purchases a contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the 
difference between the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the 
daily portions of interest or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument 
over its remaining term and treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect 
to each period to which it is allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a contingent payment debt instrument, 
a U.S. Holder generally will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount 
realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the contingent payment 
debt instrument. A U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument 
generally will be the acquisition cost of the Note, increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. 
Holder on the Note under these rules, disregarding any net positive and net negative adjustments, and 
decreased by the amount of any non-contingent payments and the projected amount of any contingent 
payments previously made on the Note. A U.S. Holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, 
and any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the 
total net negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital 
loss. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. In addition, if a U.S. Holder recognises 
loss above certain thresholds, the U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS 
(as described under "Other Reporting Requirements"). 
Special rules will apply if one or more contingent payments on a contingent debt obligation become fixed. 
For purposes of the preceding sentence, a payment (including an amount payable at maturity) will be 
treated as fixed if (and when) all remaining contingencies with respect to it are remote or incidental within 
the meaning of the contingent debt regulations. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in the contingent debt obligation 
and the character of any gain or loss on the sale of the contingent debt obligation would also be affected. 
U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors concerning the application of these special rules. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The following discussion summarises the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. 
Holder of the ownership and disposition of Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than 
the U.S. Dollar or the payments of interest or principal on which are payable in a currency other than the 
U.S. Dollar ("foreign currency Notes"). However, the U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. 
Holder of the ownership and disposition of currency-linked Notes and non-functional currency contingent 
payment debt instruments are not discussed herein and will be discussed in any supplemental base 
prospectus issued in connection with the issuance of such Notes and instruments. 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, exchange 
or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency Note to be recharacterised as ordinary income or loss. 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes are complex and may depend on the Noteholder's 
particular U.S. federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these 
rules, and whether a U.S. Holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. Holder's 
particular U.S. federal income tax situation. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding 
the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of foreign currency Notes. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a foreign currency with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to include in income 
the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined based on the spot rate on the date the 
payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. Dollars at the time, 
and this U.S. Dollar value will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. A cash method U.S. 
Holder who receives a payment of qualified stated interest in U.S. Dollars pursuant to an option available 
under such Note will be required to include the amount of this payment in income upon receipt.

--- Page 221 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
An accrual method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. Dollar value of the amount 
of interest income (including OID or market discount, but reduced by acquisition premium and 
amortisable bond premium, to the extent applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be 
taken into account with respect to a foreign currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. Dollar 
value of the accrued income generally will be determined by translating the income at the average rate of 
exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the 
average rate for the partial period within the taxable year. The U.S. Holder will recognise ordinary income 
or loss with respect to accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received. The amount 
of ordinary income or loss recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. Dollar value of the 
foreign currency payment received (determined based on a spot rate on the date the payment is received) 
in respect of the accrual period (or, where a U.S. Holder receives U.S. Dollars, the amount of the payment 
in respect of the accrual period) and the U.S. Dollar value of interest income that has accrued during the 
accrual period (as determined above). Rules similar to these rules apply in the case of a cash method 
taxpayer required to currently accrue OID or market discount. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including OID) into U.S. Dollars 
at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial accrual period, the 
spot rate on the last day of the taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within five business days of the 
last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. Holder that makes this 
election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot change the election 
without the consent of the IRS. 
OID, market discount, acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium on a foreign currency Note 
are to be determined in the relevant foreign currency. Where the taxpayer elects to include market 
discount in income currently, the amount of market discount will be determined for any accrual period in 
the relevant foreign currency and then translated into U.S. Dollars on the basis of the average rate in 
effect during the accrual period. Exchange gain or loss realised with respect to such accrued market 
discount shall be determined in accordance with the rules relating to accrued interest described above. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium taken into account on a 
current basis shall reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency. Exchange gain or loss 
is realised on amortised bond premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium amortised 
in the period in the same manner as on the sale, exchange, retirement, or other taxable disposition of the 
foreign currency Note. Any exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as described below. If 
the election is not made, any loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note 
with amortisable bond premium by a U.S. Holder who has not elected to amortise the premium will be a 
capital loss to the extent of the bond premium. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a foreign currency Note, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment to the 
Noteholder's tax basis, will be the U.S. Dollar value amount of the foreign currency amount paid for such 
foreign currency Note, or of the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined on the date of 
the purchase or adjustment. A U.S. Holder who purchases a foreign currency Note with previously owned 
foreign currency will recognise ordinary income or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, 
between such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency and the U.S. Dollar fair market value of the 
foreign currency Note on the date of purchase. 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency 
Note that is attributable to fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which 
will not be treated as interest income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange 
rates will equal the difference between (i) the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount 
of the Note, determined on the date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of, and (ii) the U.S. 
Dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder 
acquired the Note (adjusted, in each case, for any amortised bond premium that has been taken into 
account prior to the date of the sale, exchange, or retirement). Payments received attributable to accrued 
interest will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments of interest on foreign currency 
Notes described above. The foreign currency gain or loss will be recognised only to the extent of the total 
gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of 
the foreign currency Note. The source of the foreign currency gain or loss will be determined by reference 
to the residence of the U.S. Holder or the "qualified business unit" of the U.S. Holder on whose books

--- Page 222 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
the Note is properly reflected. Any gain or loss realised by these U.S. Holders in excess of the foreign 
currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss except that any gain will be treated as ordinary income 
to the extent of any accrued market discount or, in the case of a short term Note, to the extent of any 
discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's income. U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisors with respect to the tax consequences of receiving payments in a currency different from the 
currency in which payments with respect to such Note accrue. 
Generally, a U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency Note equal to the U.S. Dollar value of the 
foreign currency, determined at the time of sale, exchange or retirement. In the case of a Note that is 
considered to be traded on an established securities market, a cash method taxpayer, and, if it so elects, 
an accrual method taxpayer, will determine the U.S. Dollar value of the amount realised by translating 
such amount at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale. Accordingly, no exchange 
gain or loss will result from currency fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement date of the 
purchase or sale. The special election available to accrual basis U.S. Holders in regard to the purchase 
and disposition of Notes traded on an established securities market must be applied consistently to all 
debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Any 
gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition of foreign currency (including its 
exchange for U.S. Dollars or its use to purchase foreign currency Notes) will be ordinary income or loss. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes (including any 
accrued OID) and the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. Holder may be 
subject to U.S. backup withholding on these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number 
to the paying agent and comply with certain certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption 
from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not a tax and the amount of any backup withholding 
from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against the Noteholder's U.S. federal income 
tax liability and may entitle such U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely 
furnished to the IRS. 
Other Reporting Requirements 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose its participation 
to the IRS by attaching Form 8886 to its tax return and retaining a copy of all documents and records 
relating to the transaction. The scope and application of these rules is not entirely clear and whether an 
investment in a Note constitutes a "reportable transaction" for any holder depends on the holder's 
particular circumstances. For example, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency 
exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if the loss exceeds certain thresholds. In the 
event the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes constitutes participation in a "reportable 
transaction" for purposes of these rules, a U.S. Holder will be required to disclose its investment by filing 
Form 8886 with the IRS. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
application of these rules to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, as codified in Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (collectively, 
"FATCA"), and subject to the proposed regulations discussed below, a "foreign financial institution" 
(as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be classified as a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Bermuda) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such 
as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if

--- Page 223 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, proposed regulations (upon which taxpayers may rely until the issuance of final 
regulations) have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is 
two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as 
equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are 
published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of issuer substitution). However, if additional Notes (as 
described under Condition 16 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously-issued Notes 
are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, 
then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and 
may not be applicable depending upon a Noteholder's particular situation. Noteholders should 
consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences to them of the ownership and 
disposition of the Notes, including the tax consequences under state, local, foreign and other tax 
laws and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws. 
The proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (i) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State; or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 224 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
requirements on "employee benefit plans"(as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title I of 
ERISA, including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying 
assets include the assets of such plans (collectively, "ERISA Plans") and on those persons who are 
fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general 
fiduciary requirements, including, but not limited to, the requirement of investment prudence and 
diversification and the requirement that an ERISA Plan's investment's be made in accordance with the 
documents governing the plan. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan (Section 4975 of the Code 
also imposes prohibitions for certain plans that are not subject to Title I of ERISA but which are subject 
to Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts (together with ERISA Plans, 
"Plans")) and certain persons (referred to as "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" 
under the Code) having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a statutory, administrative, or 
individual exemption is applicable to the transaction. In addition, the U.S. Department of Labor has issued 
a final regulation concerning the definition of what constitutes plan assets. This regulation provides that, 
as a general rule, the underlying assets and properties of corporations, partnerships, trusts and certain 
other entities in which a Plan makes an equity investment will be deemed for purposes of ERISA to be 
assets of the investing Plan if "benefit plan investors" (that is, generally, Plans) own 25 per cent. or more 
of any class of equity interests of the Issuer, subject to certain exceptions that are not expected to be 
applicable. Prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code may arise in connection with the purchase and holding of Notes (or any interest therein), particularly 
if any Notes are acquired by a Plan with respect to which any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger 
or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates are a party in interest or a disqualified person. Certain 
exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the 
Code may be applicable, however, depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision 
to acquire Notes and the circumstances under which such decision is made. There can be no assurance 
that any exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes, or 
that, if an exemption is available, it will cover all aspects of any particular transaction. No assurance is 
given regarding whether the purchase or holding of any Notes would be considered to involve an 
extension of credit to the Issuer for purposes of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. A party in interest 
or disqualified person who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other 
penalties and liabilities under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. In addition no assurance is given 
regarding whether the Notes may be deemed to be equity interests in the Issuer for ERISA purposes or 
whether benefit plan investors may own 25 per cent or more of the Notes. Accordingly, unless otherwise 
stated in the Final Terms, by its purchase of any Notes each original or subsequent purchaser or transferee 
of a Note will be deemed to have represented and agreed either that (i) it is not and for so long as it holds 
a Note (or any interest therein) will not be a Plan, an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of 
any such Plan, or a governmental or other employee benefit plan which is subject to any U.S. federal, 
state, local or non-U.S. law, that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code, or (ii) its purchase, holding, and disposition of a Note will not constitute or 
result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case 
of such a governmental or other employee benefit plan, a violation of any such substantially similar U.S. 
federal, state, local or non-U.S. law) for which an exemption is not available. 
ERISA also imposes certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries of ERISA Plans. Under ERISA, any 
person who exercises any discretionary authority or control over the administration of an ERISA Plan or 
the management or disposition of the assets of such an ERISA Plan, or who renders investment advice 
for a fee or other compensation (direct or indirect) to such an ERISA Plan, is generally considered to be 
a fiduciary of the ERISA Plan. In considering an investment of a portion of the assets of any ERISA Plan 
in the Notes, a fiduciary should determine, among other things, whether the acquisition and holding of 
the Notes is in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the ERISA Plan and the 
applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or any substantially similar law relating to the fiduciary's duties 
to the ERISA Plan including but not limited to, the prudence, diversification, delegation of control and 
prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA, the Code and any other applicable substantially similar laws.

--- Page 225 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
Governmental plans and certain church and other U.S. or non-U.S. plans, while not subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the provisions of Section 4975 of the Code, may 
nevertheless be subject to state, other federal or non-U.S. laws that are substantially similar to ERISA 
and the Code. Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing any 
Notes regarding the relevant considerations under such laws, including to determine the need for, and the 
availability, if necessary, of any exemptive relief under any such law or regulations. 
THE PRECEDING DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN ERISA 
IMPLICATIONS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE 
COMPLETE. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN 
LEGAL, TAX, FINANCIAL AND OTHER ADVISORS PRIOR TO INVESTING IN THE NOTES 
TO REVIEW THESE IMPLICATIONS IN LIGHT OF SUCH INVESTOR'S PARTICULAR 
CIRCUMSTANCES. 
THE SALE OF NOTES TO A PLAN IS IN NO RESPECT A REPRESENTATION BY THE 
ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR, THE ARRANGER OR THE DEALERS THAT SUCH AN 
INVESTMENT MEETS ALL RELEVANT REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO 
INVESTMENTS BY PLANS GENERALLY OR ANY PARTICULAR PLAN, OR THAT SUCH 
AN INVESTMENT IS APPROPRIATE FOR PLANS GENERALLY OR ANY PARTICULAR 
PLAN.

--- Page 226 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 1 October 2024, 
agreed with the Issuer and Ooredoo a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree 
to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
In accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, the Issuer (failing which, Ooredoo) has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update and any future 
update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and the Issuer and Ooredoo have 
agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have, in the past, performed investment banking and 
advisory services for, and provided credit facilities to, Ooredoo for which they have received customary 
fees and expenses. Each of the Dealers and their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in 
further transactions with, and perform services for, Ooredoo in the ordinary course of their respective 
businesses. Ooredoo may apply all or part of the proceeds of any Notes issued pursuant to the Programme 
in repayment of all or part of any such credit facilities. See "Use of Proceeds". 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering 
of the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of 
the relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such persons may over-allot 
or create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold 
to them by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes 
in the open market. In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding 
for or purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions 
allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are 
reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation 
transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price 
of the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a 
penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No 
representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Under UK laws and regulations, stabilising 
activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation Manager named in the relevant subscription 
agreement (or persons acting on its behalf) and only for a limited period following the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. 
To the extent the Dealers intend to make any offers or sales of the Notes in the United States, or to 
nationals or residents of the United States, they will do so only through one or more registered broker-
dealers in compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, as well as with applicable laws of 
the various states. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to 
transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice 
versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that 
are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
or (b) it is an Institutional Accredited Investor which has delivered an IAI Investment Letter; or 
(c) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that the Notes and the Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public 
offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Notes have not

--- Page 227 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside 
the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is 
one year after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series (or the date on which full consideration 
has been paid for Partly Paid Notes) and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only: (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof; (b) inside the 
United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or, 
if the applicable Final Terms so permit, to an Institutional Accredited Investor that has delivered 
a duly executed IAI Investment Letter in a private transaction exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act; (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 under the Securities Act; (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by 
Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available); or (e) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State 
securities laws; 
(iv) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of 
the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above, if then applicable; 
(v) 
unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, either (A) it is not and for so long as it holds a 
Note (or any interest therein) will not be (i) an "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 3(3) 
of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" as defined in and subject to Section 
4975 of the Code (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of any such employee 
benefit plan subject to Title I of ERISA or other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (iv) 
a governmental or other benefit plan which is subject to any U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. 
law, that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code, or (B) its purchase, holding and disposition of a Note will not constitute or result in a 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case 
of such a governmental or other employee benefit plan, a violation of any such substantially 
similar U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law) for which an exemption is not available; 
(vi) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 
144A Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form 
of Definitive IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(vii) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following 
effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE 
U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT [(1)] IT IS A 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS [OR (2) IT 
IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), 
(2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) OR (13) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN "INSTITUTIONAL 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR")]; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES (OR THE DATE ON WHICH FULL 
CONSIDERATION HAS BEEN PAID FOR PARTLY PAID NOTES) AND THE LAST DATE

--- Page 228 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF 
SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, 
(2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OR, IF THE 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS SO PERMIT, TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR THAT HAS DELIVERED A DULY EXECUTED IAI INVESTMENT LETTER 
IN A PRIVATE TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT 
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A 
NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO 
ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE 
CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON); 
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, BY ITS 
PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THE 
PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND 
AGREED EITHER THAT (A) IT IS NOT AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS 
SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE (I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 
PLAN" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA") THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 
PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE, OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER BENEFIT PLAN WHICH IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, OR NON-U.S. LAW, THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (B) ITS PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION 
OF THIS SECURITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR, 
IN THE CASE OF SUCH A GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, 
A VIOLATION OF ANY SUCH SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR U.S. FEDERAL, STATE OR 
LOCAL LAW) FOR WHICH AN EXEMPTION IS NOT AVAILABLE."; 
(viii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise 
transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40

--- Page 229 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the 
original issuance of the Notes), it will do so only: (a)(i) outside the United States in compliance 
with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act; or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A; 
and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the 
Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to 
by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 
40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING AND THE 
CLOSING DATE WITH RESPECT TO ORIGINAL ISSUANCE OF THIS SECURITY, THIS 
SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND ALL APPLICABLE LAWS OF ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION."; 
(ix) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more 
accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and 
that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements 
on behalf of each such account; and 
(x) 
the Notes, when registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, will bear a legend to the following 
effect unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer; 
"UNLESS 
THIS 
GLOBAL 
NOTE 
IS 
PRESENTED 
BY 
AN 
AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK 
CORPORATION, ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE 
& CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR 
VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE 
& CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR 
A SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE 
DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED 
CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THIS LEGEND." 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in 
the United States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) or Regulation 
D of the Securities Act are required to execute and deliver to the relevant Registrar an IAI Investment 
Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an IAI Investment Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, 
Notes will be issued in definitive registered form. See "Form of the Notes".

--- Page 230 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Base Prospectus and such 
other information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision; 
(ii) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes 
is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus and the Notes 
(including those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the 
Securities Act; 
(iii) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or 
purchases securities similar to the Notes; 
(iv) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an Institutional Accredited Investor within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) of Regulation D under the Securities 
Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of 
evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which 
it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an 
indefinite period of time; 
(v) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own 
account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to 
each of which it exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of 
the Notes, subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at 
all times be and remain within its control; and 
(vi) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes 
having a minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in 
another Specified Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will 
be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
Where the D Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, each Dealer will be required to represent, undertake and agree that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or 
any substantially identical successor United States Treasury Regulation section including,

--- Page 231 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "D Rules") that it has not offered or 
sold and during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, a United States 
person and it has not delivered and that it will not deliver within the United States or its 
possessions definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect, procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware 
that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D 
Rules; 
(iii) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or 
any substantially identical successor United States Treasury Regulation section including, 
without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes from it for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, it either: (a) repeats and confirms the representations and 
agreements contained in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's behalf; or (b) 
agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph; and 
(v) 
it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and agreements 
contained in subparagraphs (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) of this paragraph from any person other than 
its affiliate with whom it enters into a written contract, (a "distributor" as defined in U.S. Treasury 
Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii) (or any substantially identical successor United 
States Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, substantially identical successor 
regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010)), for 
the offer or sale during the restricted period of the Notes. 
Where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, the Notes must, in accordance with their original issuance, be issued and delivered 
outside the United States and its possessions and, accordingly, each Dealer will be required to represent, 
warrant and undertake that, in connection with the original issuance of the Notes: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes within the United States or its possessions; and 
(ii) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if it or such prospective purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and 
will not otherwise involve its United States office in the offer and sale of Notes. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
("Regulation S Notes"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such 
Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons: (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until forty days after the later of the commencement 
of the offering of the Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part and the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance

--- Page 232 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further 
represented and agreed that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have not engaged 
and will not engage in any "directed selling efforts" (as defined in Rule 902(c) under the Securities Act) 
with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until forty days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of 
Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate 
equivalent thereof in any other currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply 
with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing 
requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to 
prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required 
by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Dealers may also arrange for the sale of Notes to Institutional Accredited Investors in private transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Institutional Accredited Investor 
will be required to deliver a duly executed IAI Investment Letter. The minimum aggregate principal 
amount of Notes which may be purchased by an Institutional Accredited Investor is U.S.$500,000. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as

--- Page 233 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Hong Kong 
The Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have not been approved by or registered with the 
Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (i) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and

--- Page 234 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Notes which are or are 
intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: 
(a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre); and  
(b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or 
engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre). 
This Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, filed with, reviewed or approved by the Qatar 
Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority or any other relevant Qatar governmental body or securities exchange and 
may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended 
for the original recipient only and must not be provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general 
circulation in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used 
for any other purpose. 
Bermuda 
Securities may be offered or sold in Bermuda only in compliance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, the Investment Business Act 2003, the Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations of 
Bermuda which regulate the sale of securities in Bermuda. In addition, specific permission is required 
from the BMA, pursuant to the provisions of the Exchange Control Act 1972 and related regulations, for 
all issuances and transfers of securities of Bermuda companies, other than in cases where the BMA has 
granted a general permission. The BMA, in its policy dated 1 June 2005, provides that, in respect of a 
Bermuda company, which does not have any equity securities (an equity security is defined as a share 
issued by a Bermuda company which entitles the holder to vote for or appoint one or more directors or a 
security which by its terms is convertible into a share which entitles the holder to vote for or appoint one 
or more directors) listed on an appointed stock exchange (which the Issuer does not), general permission 
is given for the issue and subsequent transfer of any securities, other than equity securities, from and/or 
to a non-resident of Bermuda. The general permission does not apply to securities held in bearer form. 
The BMA has granted specific permission to the Issuer for: (i) the issue of the Notes to "Qualified 
Institutional Buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act in compliance with 
Rule 144A) and "Accredited Investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13)

--- Page 235 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
under the Securities Act in the United States); and outside the United States pursuant to and in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act and in accordance with local securities laws and regulations, in 
all cases with a minimum Note denomination of €100,000; and (ii) the free transferability of Notes so 
long as the Notes are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or any other Appointed Stock 
Exchange (as defined in the Companies Act); and the free transferability of the Notes if not so listed in 
accordance with local securities laws and regulations, in all cases with a minimum Note denomination of 
€100,000. 
The BMA consent referred to above covers the issue and free transferability of the Notes being offered 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Base Prospectus but not any supplement thereto. The BMA accepts no 
responsibility for the financial soundness of any proposal or for the correctness of any of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in this Base Prospectus or in any prospectus supplement. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not invited and will not invite members of the public in 
Bermuda to subscribe for or purchase the Notes, that it has not and will not offer the Notes for 
subscription, sale or transfer in Bermuda or to, or for the account of, persons resident in Bermuda and 
that it has complied, and will comply, with all applicable provisions of, the Companies Act, the 
Investment Business Act 2003 of Bermuda and any other relevant legislation of Bermuda with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving Bermuda. 
Although incorporated and registered in Bermuda, the Issuer has been classified as non-resident in 
Bermuda for Bermuda exchange control purposes by the BMA. Accordingly, the Issuer may convert 
currency (other than Bermuda Dollars) held for its account to any other currency and transfer such 
currency from Bermuda without legal restriction. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global 
Market) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will 
not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates (excluding the 
Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global Market) other than in compliance with 
any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre and 
the Abu Dhabi Global Market) governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Market Rules (MKT Module) of the rulebook of the 
Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA Rulebook"); and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook.

--- Page 236 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
Abu Dhabi Global Market  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Abu Dhabi Global Market unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Market Rules of the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority (the "FSRA Rules"); and  
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.4.1 of the 
Conduct of Business Rulebook of the FSRA Rules. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the Notes. Any 
investor in Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") who acquires any Notes pursuant 
to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement under Article 8 of the "Rules on 
the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the Capital Market 
Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by the Board of the 
Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-6-2024 dated 17 January 2024 (the "KSA Regulations"), 
made through a capital market institution authorised by the Capital Market Authority to carry on the 
securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the Capital Market Authority under Article 
10 of the KSA Regulations.  
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in Saudi Arabia other than to 
"Sophisticated Investors" under Article 8(a) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under 
Article 9 of the KSA Regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that any offer of Notes made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in 
compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a) or Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity 
under Article 14 of the KSA Regulations.  
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes except 
on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 
or more, excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(a) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(b) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund) or 
(c) 
any other entity which is an "accredited investor" as defined in the Rulebook of the Central Bank 
of Bahrain. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or

--- Page 237 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Relevant State, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Relevant State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
This selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above.  
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws, 
regulations and directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer, Ooredoo nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Issuer, Ooredoo or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 238 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer, Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
subscription agreement.

--- Page 239 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes by the Issuer was duly authorised by resolutions of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 26 September 2024. The establishment of the Programme and 
the giving of the Guarantee was duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of Ooredoo 
dated 27 November 2012 and the update of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of Ooredoo dated 5 December 2023. Each of the Issuer and Ooredoo has obtained or 
will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
issue and performance of the Notes and the giving of the Guarantee. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the 
issue of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The approval of the 
Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or around 1 October 2024. Unlisted Notes 
may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection in hard copy from the registered office of the Issuer and 
from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London or at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24381/documents:  
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer and Ooredoo; 
(ii) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Ooredoo as at and for the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2024, together with the review report prepared in connection 
therewith; 
(iii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022, together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Ooredoo as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020, together with the audit reports prepared in connection 
therewith; 
(v) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms (save that the applicable Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA or the UK nor offered in the EEA or the UK in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or 
the UK Prospectus Regulation (as the case may be) will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.

--- Page 240 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement prospectus and the Final Terms for notes listed on Euronext Dublin 
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor Ooredoo or any of its subsidiaries has entered into any material contracts outside 
the ordinary course of business which could result in its being under an obligation or entitlement which 
is, or may be, material to the ability of the Issuer or Ooredoo to meet its obligations in respect of the 
Notes. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche 
of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted 
for trading in book entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such 
Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and (if applicable) Common Code, will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy L-1885 Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, 
United States of America. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer, 
Ooredoo and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance, or material 
adverse change in the prospects, of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance, or material 
adverse change in the prospects of Ooredoo or the Group since 30 June 2024 and there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of Ooredoo or the Group since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus on pages 164 to 166 (inclusive), neither the Issuer nor Ooredoo 
nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or 
Ooredoo is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have 
in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, Ooredoo or 
the Group. 
Websites 
The website of the Group is www.ooredoo.com. The websites and/or web links referred to in this Base 
Prospectus have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and are included for 
information purposes only. Other than in relation to the documents that are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the content of such websites or web links is not 
incorporated into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
Independent Auditors 
The current independent auditor of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. is PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch of P.O. 
Box: 6689, Doha, Qatar, who have reviewed the 2024 Interim Financial Information and audited the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Issuer's Financial Statements included in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 241 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as at and for each of the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 included in this Base Prospectus have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers - Qatar Branch, independent auditors, in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (ISAs) as stated in their independent auditor's reports appearing herein. 
The 2024 Interim Financial Information included in this Base Prospectus has been reviewed by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch in accordance with International Standard on Review 
Engagements 2410, "Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of 
the Entity". A review of the 2024 Interim Financial Information consists of making inquiries, primarily 
of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review 
procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar 
Branch to obtain assurance that they would become aware of all significant matters that might be 
identified in an audit. Accordingly, their report dated 30 July 2024 relating to the 2024 Interim Financial 
Information appearing therein states that they did not audit and they did not express an opinion on such 
unaudited financial information. Therefore, the degree of reliance on their report on such information 
should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. 
The financial statements of Ooredoo International Finance Limited as at and for each of the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 included in this Base Prospectus have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch, independent auditors, in accordance with ISAs as stated in their 
independent auditor's report appearing herein. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, Ooredoo 
and the Group in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees. In particular, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, 
Ooredoo and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer, Ooredoo and their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer, Ooredoo and 
their affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 242 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as 
at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024, together with the review report of the 
independent auditors ......................................................................................................  
F-1 
Audited Financial Statements of Ooredoo International Finance Limited as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2023, together with the audit report of the independent auditor
 .......................................................................................................................................  
F-39 
Audited Financial Statements of Ooredoo International Finance Limited as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, together with the audit report of the independent auditor
 .......................................................................................................................................  
F-60 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, together with the audit report of the independent auditor...  
F-82 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, together with the audit report of the independent auditor...  
F-184

--- Page 243 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Doha - Qatar 
 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
 
F-1

--- Page 244 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
 
 
CONTENTS 
PAGE(S) 
Report on review of condensed consolidated interim financial information   __________1 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or loss   _____________________2 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of comprehensive income   ______________3 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of financial position   ________________4–5 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of changes in equity   ________________6–7 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of cash flows _____________________ 8–9 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information   ____________10–36 
 
 
 
 
F-2

--- Page 245 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch, P.O.Box: 6689, Doha, Qatar.  
Ministry of Commerce and Industry License number 6 / Qatar Financial Markets Authority License number 120155  
T: +974 4419 2777, F:+974 4467 7528, www.pwc.com/me 
1 
 
REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF OOREDOO Q.P.S.C. 
 
Introduction 
 
We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated interim statement of financial position of 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the "Group") as at  
30 June 2024 and the related condensed consolidated interim statements of profit or loss and 
comprehensive income for the three-month and six-month periods then ended, and condensed 
consolidated interim statements of changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month period then 
ended and explanatory notes. Management is responsible for the preparation and presentation of this 
condensed consolidated interim financial information in accordance with International Accounting 
Standard 34 ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board 
(IASB). Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this condensed consolidated interim financial 
information based on our review. 
 
Scope of review 
 
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, 
‘Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity’. A review 
of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for 
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is 
substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on 
Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all 
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion. 
 
Conclusion 
 
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying 
condensed consolidated interim financial information is not prepared, in all material respects, in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 ‘Interim Financial Reporting’. 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch 
Qatar Financial Market Authority registration number 120155 
 
 
 
 
 
Mark Menton 
Auditor’s registration number 364 
Doha, State of Qatar 
30 July 2024 
 
 
F-3

--- Page 246 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information 
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
2 
 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
Note (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
4 
5,933,911 
5,773,533 11,796,469 
11,408,899 
Other income 
 
21,123 
65,010 
98,080 
622,904 
Network, interconnect and other 
operating expenses 
5 
(2,737,051) (2,659,035) (5,385,842) (5,235,690) 
Royalty fees 
6 
(57,541) 
(58,832) 
(115,326) 
(118,260) 
Employee salaries and associated costs 
 
(689,862) 
(676,087) (1,366,765) 
(1,314,979) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
(1,109,777) 
(1,129,078) (2,201,023) 
(2,233,712) 
Finance costs 
 
(197,888) 
(209,302) 
(401,236) 
(443,906) 
Finance income 
 
106,517 
59,684 
220,813 
137,854 
Share of net profit of associates and 
joint ventures 
12 
88,782 
100,603 
196,787 
182,009 
Impairment losses on financial assets 
 
(28,119) 
(135,142) 
(127,141) 
(228,632) 
Impairment losses on goodwill and 
other non-financial assets 
24 
(2,768) 
(71,480) 
(4,870) 
(174,377) 
Other (losses)/gains – net 
7 
(17,158) 
102,821 
(104,723) 
(104,496) 
Profit before income tax and 
other tax related fees 
 
1,310,169 
1,162,695 
2,605,223 
2,497,614 
Income tax and other tax related fees 
23 
(223,255) 
(195,514) 
(451,113) 
(401,533) 
Profit for the period 
 
1,086,914 
967,181 
2,154,110 
2,096,081 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent 
 
958,529 
834,286 
1,871,460 
1,794,852 
Non-controlling interests 
 
128,385 
132,895 
282,650 
301,229 
 
1,086,914 
967,181 
2,154,110 
2,096,081 
Basic and diluted earnings per 
share 
 
 
 
 
 
(Attributable to shareholders of the 
parent) 
 
 
 
 
 
(Expressed in QR. per share) 
8 
0.30 
0.26 
0.58 
0.56 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Report on review of condensed consolidated interim financial information is set out on page 1. 
 
The accompanying notes from 1 to 30 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim 
financial information. 
 
F-4

--- Page 247 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information 
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
3 
 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
Note
 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed)
 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed)
 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the period 
 
1,086,914 
967,181 
2,154,110 
2,096,081 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that may be reclassified 
subsequently to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Effective portion of changes in fair 
value of cash flow hedges 
22 
- 
(776) 
- 
(1,485) 
Share of other comprehensive income / 
(loss) of associates and joint ventures 
22 
- 
- 
(8,771) 
(1,368) 
Foreign currency translation 
differences 
22 
259,912 
(123,382) 
4,913 
841,507 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified 
subsequently to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Net changes in fair value on 
investments in equity instruments 
designated as at FVTOCI 
22 
(12,891) 
(4,972) 
39,341 
(39,201) 
Share of other comprehensive income / 
(loss) of associates and joint ventures 
22 
156 
(1,954) 
300 
(1,832) 
Other comprehensive 
income/(loss) – net of tax 
 
247,177 
(131,084) 
35,783 
797,621 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for 
the period 
 
1,334,091 
836,097 
2,189,893 
2,893,702 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income 
attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent 
 
1,205,525 
708,543 
1,914,156 
2,379,728 
Non-controlling interests 
 
128,566 
127,554 
275,737 
513,974 
 
1,334,091 
836,097 
2,189,893 
2,893,702 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Report on review of condensed consolidated interim financial information is set out on page 1. 
 
The accompanying notes from 1 to 30 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim 
financial information. 
 
F-5

--- Page 248 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information 
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
4 
 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  
 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
Note 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
9 
13,163,266 
13,905,757 
Intangible assets and goodwill  
10 
14,504,405 
15,514,529 
Right-of-use assets 
11 
2,677,598 
2,790,486 
Investment properties 
 
112,553 
118,910 
Investment in associates and joint ventures 
12 
6,677,359 
7,085,027 
Financial assets at fair value 
13 
1,014,556 
966,383 
Other non-current assets 
 
336,744 
259,620 
Deferred tax assets 
 
299,229 
321,384 
Contract costs 
 
173,067 
166,026 
Total non-current assets 
 
38,958,777 
41,128,122 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 
 
 
Inventories 
 
354,302 
308,449 
Contract costs 
 
229,019 
222,674 
Trade and other receivables 
14 
5,320,897 
5,086,512 
Bank balances and cash 
15 
11,480,928 
11,462,695 
Total current assets 
 
17,385,146 
17,080,330 
Total assets 
 
56,343,923 
58,208,452 
 
 
 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
Share capital 
 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
Legal reserve 
 
12,434,282 
12,434,282 
Fair value reserve 
 
343,051 
312,467 
Employees’ benefits reserve 
 
(3,267) 
(3,567) 
Translation reserve 
16 
(6,295,249) 
(6,307,061) 
Other statutory reserves 
 
1,457,122 
1,457,122 
Retained earnings 
 
15,470,108 
15,361,878 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
26,609,247 
26,458,321 
Non-controlling interests 
 
4,220,844 
4,116,031 
Total equity 
 
30,830,091 
30,574,352 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Report on review of condensed consolidated interim financial information is set out on page 1. 
 
The accompanying notes from 1 to 30 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim 
financial information. 
 
F-6

--- Page 249 ---
F-7

--- Page 250 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
6 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 
Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
 
Share 
capital 
Legal 
reserve 
Fair value 
reserve 
Employees’ 
benefits 
reserve 
Translation 
reserve 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2023 
3,203,200 
12,434,282 
372,887 
(777) 
(6,955,719) 
1,372,338 
13,885,144 
24,311,355 
3,845,089 
28,156,444 
Profit for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,794,852 
1,794,852 
301,229 
2,096,081 
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
(41,997) 
(1,832) 
628,705 
-  
- 
584,876 
212,745 
797,621 
Total comprehensive income/(loss) 
for the period 
- 
- 
(41,997) 
(1,832) 
628,705 
- 
1,794,852 
2,379,728 
513,974 
2,893,702 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions with shareholders 
of the parent, recognised 
directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend for 2022 (Note 17) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,377,376) 
(1,377,376) 
- 
(1,377,376) 
Transactions with non-
controlling interests, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interest on 
acquisition of subsidiary 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
249 
249 
Dividends paid to non-controlling 
interests 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(444,855) 
(444,855) 
Transactions with non-owners of 
the Group, recognised directly 
in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to employee association fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,493) 
(1,493) 
(283) 
(1,776) 
At 30 June 2023 
3,203,200 
12,434,282 
330,890 
(2,609) (6,327,014) 
1,372,338 
14,301,127 
25,312,214 
3,914,174 29,226,388 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Report on review of condensed consolidated interim financial information is set out on page 1. 
 
The accompanying notes from 1 to 30 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim financial information. 
F-8

--- Page 251 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
7 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 
Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
 
Share 
capital 
Legal 
reserve 
Fair value 
reserve 
Employees’ 
benefits 
reserve 
Translation 
reserve 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2024 
3,203,200 12,434,282 
312,467 
(3,567) 
(6,307,061) 1,457,122 15,361,878 26,458,321 
4,116,031 30,574,352 
Profit for the period  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,871,460 
1,871,460 
282,650 
2,154,110 
Other comprehensive income / (loss) 
- 
- 
30,584 
300 
11,812 
- 
- 
42,696 
(6,913) 
35,783 
Total comprehensive income for the 
period 
- 
- 
30,584 
300 
11,812 
- 
1,871,460 
1,914,156 
275,737 
2,189,893 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions with 
shareholders of the parent, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend for 2023 (Note 17) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- (1,761,760) (1,761,760) 
- (1,761,760) 
Transactions with non-
controlling interests, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividends paid to non-controlling 
interests 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(170,646) 
(170,646) 
Transactions with non-owners 
of the Group, recognised 
directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to employee association 
fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,470) 
(1,470) 
(278) 
(1,748) 
At 30 June 2024 
3,203,200 12,434,282 
343,051 
(3,267) 
(6,295,249) 1,457,122 15,470,108 26,609,247 4,220,844 30,830,091 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Report on review of condensed consolidated interim financial information is set out on page 1. 
 
The accompanying notes from 1 to 30 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim financial information.
F-9

--- Page 252 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
8 
 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 
For the Six-month period 
ended 30 June 
Note 
2024 
2023 
 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax and other tax related fees 
 
2,605,223 
2,497,614 
 
 
 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
2,201,023 
2,233,712 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial 
assets 
 
4,870 
174,377 
Changes in fair value of investments at FVTPL 
7 
(8,902) 
(29,073) 
Gain on disposal of non-financial assets 
 
(29,788) 
(4,774) 
Gain on deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
7 
(117,895) 
- 
Finance costs 
 
401,236 
443,906 
Finance income 
 
(220,813) 
(137,854) 
Dividends income 
 
(5,269) 
- 
Provision for employees’ benefits 
 
79,091 
114,634 
Impairment losses on financial assets 
 
127,141 
228,632 
Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures 
12 
(196,787) 
(182,009) 
Operating profit before working capital changes 
 
4,839,130 
5,339,165 
 
 
 
Working capital changes: 
 
 
 
Changes in inventories 
 
(47,126) 
(15,998) 
Changes in trade and other receivables 
 
(229,900) 
(486,485) 
Changes in contract costs 
 
(13,386) 
(14,809) 
Changes in trade and other payables 
 
(641,440) 
(875,225) 
Changes in contract liabilities 
 
2,963 
4,014 
Cash generated from operations 
 
3,910,241 
3,950,662 
Interest paid 
 
(339,501) 
(467,710) 
Employees’ benefits paid 
 
(151,600) 
(118,765) 
Income tax and other tax related fees paid 
 
(428,062) 
(329,068) 
Net cash generated from operating activities 
 
2,991,078 
3,035,119 
 
 
 
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 
 
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
 
(1,257,175) 
(1,238,729) 
Acquisition of intangible assets 
 
(113,187) 
(167,987) 
Acquisition of a subsidiary 
 
- 
(73,409) 
Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary 
7 
74,409 
- 
Proceeds from disposal of non-financial assets 
 
36,774 
12,323 
Proceeds from sale of financial assets at fair value 
 
- 
152 
Released restricted deposits 
 
82,901 
78,952 
Additions to restricted deposits 
 
(81,343) 
(45,256) 
Net movement in short-term deposits 
 
52,862 
(391,694) 
Dividends received 
 
149,063 
130,152 
Interest received 
 
220,523 
137,590 
Net cash used in investing activities 
 
(835,173) 
(1,557,906) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Report on review of condensed consolidated interim financial information is set out on page 1. 
 
The accompanying notes from 1 to 30 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim 
financial information. 
F-10

--- Page 253 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
9 
 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 
 
For the Six-month period 
ended 30 June 
Note 
2024 
2023 
 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
 
Proceeds from loans and borrowings 
 
485,974 
1,009,181 
Repayments of loans and borrowings 
 
(370,499) 
(5,697,390) 
Principal element of lease payments 
21 
(427,913) 
(472,811) 
Additions to deferred financing costs 
 
- 
(8,216) 
Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent 
17 
(1,761,760) 
(1,377,376) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries 
 
(170,646) 
(98,373) 
Net cash used in financing activities 
 
(2,244,844) 
(6,644,985) 
 
 
 
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 
(88,939) 
(5,167,772) 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations 
 
161,478 
208,751 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 
 
10,119,799 
12,423,362 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 
15 
10,192,338 
7,464,341 
 
Refer to note 15 for details regarding non-cash financing and investing activities.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Report on review of condensed consolidated interim financial information is set out on page 1. 
 
The accompanying notes from 1 to 30 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim 
financial information.
F-11

--- Page 254 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
10 
 
1. 
REPORTING ENTITY  
 
Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation (the “Corporation”) was formed on 29 June 1987 
domiciled in the State of Qatar by Law No. 13 of 1987 to provide domestic and international 
telecommunication services within the State of Qatar. The Company’s registered office is located at 100 
Westbay Tower, Doha, State of Qatar. 
 
The Corporation was transformed into a Qatari Shareholding Company under the name of Qatar 
Telecom (Qtel) Q.S.C. (the “Company”) on 25 November 1998, pursuant to Law No. 21 of 1998. 
 
In June 2013, the legal name of the Company was changed to Ooredoo Q.S.C. This change had been 
duly approved by the shareholders at the Company’s extraordinary general assembly meeting held on 
31 March 2013. 
 
The Company changed its legal name from Ooredoo Q.S.C. to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to comply with the 
provisions of the new Qatar Commercial Companies Law issued on 7 July 2015. 
 
The Company is a telecommunications service provider licensed by the Communications Regulatory 
Authority (CRA) (formerly known as Supreme Council of Information and Communication Technology 
(ictQATAR)) to provide both fixed and mobile telecommunications services in the state of Qatar. As a 
licensed service provider, the conduct and activities of the Company are regulated by CRA pursuant to 
Law No. 34 of 2006 (Telecommunications Law) and the Applicable Regulatory Framework. 
 
During 2021, the Qatar Commercial law number 11 of 2015 has been amended by Law number 8 of 
2021. The management assessed the compliance of the Company and the required changes to the Article 
of the Association was amended in the Extraordinary General Assembly Meeting held on 8 March 2022. 
 
The Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) provides domestic and 
international telecommunication services in Qatar and elsewhere in the Asia and Middle East and North 
African (MENA) region. Qatar Investment Authority - the sovereign wealth fund of the State of Qatar – 
is the parent Company of the Group (the "Parent"). 
 
In line with an amendment issued by Qatar Financial Markets Authority (“QFMA”), effective from May 
2018, listed entities are required to comply with the Qatar Financial Markets Authority’s law and 
relevant legislations including Governance Code for Companies & Legal Entities Listed on the Main 
Market (the “Governance Code”). The Group has taken appropriate steps to comply with the 
requirements of the Governance Code.  
 
The condensed consolidated interim financial information of the Group for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2024 were authorised for issuance in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Company on 30 July 2024. 
 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION  
 
The condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2024 has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 'Interim Financial 
Reporting' (“IAS 34”). 
 
The condensed consolidated interim financial information is prepared in Qatari Riyals, which is the 
Company’s functional and Group's presentation currency, and all values are rounded to the nearest 
thousands (QR.’000) except when otherwise indicated. 
 
The condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all information and 
disclosures required in the annual consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction 
with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. In 
addition, results for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the 
results that may be expected for the financial year ending 31 December 2024.
F-12

--- Page 255 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
11 
 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Judgments, estimates and risk management  
 
The preparation of the condensed consolidated interim financial information requires management to 
make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affects the application of accounting policies and the 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these 
estimates. The significant judgments made by management in applying the Group's accounting policies, 
the key sources of estimation uncertainty and financial risk management objectives and policies were 
the same as those that applied to the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2023. 
 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
The accounting policies used in the preparation of this condensed consolidated interim financial 
information are consistent with those used in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, and the notes attached thereto, except for 
the adoption of certain new and revised standards, that became effective in the current period as set out 
below and as disclosed in Note 3.1. 
 
Changes to significant accounting policies  
 
1. 
New and amended standards adopted by the Group 
 
A number of new or amended standards became applicable for the current reporting period, and the 
Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting 
period commencing 1 January 2024: 
 
● 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current – Amendments to IAS 1 
● 
Non-current Liabilities with Covenants – Amendments to IAS 1 
● 
Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback – Amendments to IFRS 16 
● 
Supplier finance arrangements – Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 
 
The amendments listed above did not have a material impact on the amounts recognised in prior 
periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current period. 
 
2. 
Impact of new standards (issued but not yet adopted by the Group) 
 
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 
the current reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Group. The management of the 
Group is in the process of assessing the impact of these new standards, interpretation and amendments 
which will be adopted in the Group’s financial statement as and when they are applicable. 
 
 
4. 
REVENUE 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of services 
5,493,104 
5,342,055 10,907,408 
10,530,774 
Sale of telecommunication equipment 
421,810 
413,556 
848,961 
841,998 
Equipment rental revenue 
18,997 
17,922 
40,100 
36,127 
5,933,911 
5,773,533 11,796,469 11,408,899 
F-13

--- Page 256 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
12 
 
 
4. 
REVENUE (CONTINUED) 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Over time 
5,512,101 
5,359,977 10,947,508 
10,566,901 
At a point in time 
421,810 
413,556 
848,961 
841,998 
5,933,911 
5,773,533 11,796,469 
11,408,899 
 
5. 
NETWORK, INTERCONNECT AND OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Cost of equipment sold and other services 
791,526 
700,882 
1,538,276 
1,440,223 
Outpayments and interconnect charges 
360,401 
526,629 
724,210 
1,009,443 
Regulatory and related fees 
448,147 
413,541 
878,716 
792,399 
Network operation and maintenance 
490,258 
406,612 
977,732 
807,272 
Rentals and utilities 
165,942 
165,479 
343,022 
335,274 
Marketing costs and sponsorship 
80,424 
75,151 
183,250 
174,874 
Commission on cards 
178,051 
165,417 
351,630 
316,858 
Legal and professional fees 
65,132 
23,821 
92,450 
44,359 
Provision for obsolete and slow-moving 
inventories 
5,710 
10,858 
9,500 
12,649 
Other expenses 
151,460 
170,645 
287,056 
302,339 
2,737,051 
2,659,035 5,385,842 
5,235,690 
 
 
6. 
ROYALTY FEES 
 
In accordance with the terms of a license granted to Omani Qatari Telecommunications Company 
S.A.O.G. to operate telecommunication services in the Sultanate of Oman, Royalty is payable to the 
Government of the Sultanate of Oman, effective from March 2005. The royalty payable is calculated 
based on 12% of the net of predefined sources of revenue and interconnection expenses to local 
operators for mobile license and 10% for fixed license which is accounted for under IFRIC 21. 
7. 
OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS – NET 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Gain on sale of non-financial assets 
7,541 
1,844 
29,788 
4,774 
Change in fair value of derivatives – net  
(159) 
(454) 
(386) 
(818) 
Unrealised gain on equity investment at FVTPL
3,308 
29,713 
8,902 
29,073 
Foreign currency (loss)/gain – net  
(14,639) 
74,701 
(105,058) 
(135,262) 
Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (i) 
117,895 
- 
117,895 
- 
Miscellaneous loss– net 
(131,104) 
(2,983) 
(155,864) 
(2,263) 
(17,158) 
102,821 
(104,723) 
(104,496) 
 
 
F-14

--- Page 257 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
13 
 
 
7. 
OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS – NET (CONTINUED) 
 
i. 
During the period, the Group completed the sale of 100 percent equity of Ooredoo Asian 
Investments Pte Ltd. (Singapore) (“OAI”), the parent company that owns 100 percent of 
Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. (“OML”), and 100 percent of Ooredoo Myanmar Fintech Ltd. (“OMFL”) 
for a consideration of QR. 400,565 thousand which will be paid over 5 years in installements. 
 
Below is the carrying amounts of Ooredoo Myanmar's assets and liabilities as at the date of sale: 
 
 
QR.’000 
Property, plant and equipment 
249,779 
Intangible assets and goodwill  
578,875 
Right-of-use assets 
225,302 
Inventories 
1,273 
Trade and other receivables 
43,231 
Bank balances and cash 
25,732 
Total Assets 
1,124,192 
 
Lease liabilities 
 1,160,880  
Other non-current liabilities 
 86,896  
Trade and other payables 
 179,990  
Deferred income 
 61,389  
Total Liabilities 
1,489,155 
Carrying amount of net liability derecognised 
(364,963) 
 
Below is the calculation of the gain on the disposal: 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
Consideration: 
 
Cash* 
100,141 
Fair value of consideration receivable 
199,273 
Total disposal consideration 
299,414 
Carrying amount of net liability derecognised  
364,963 
Gain on sale before the associated expenses and reclassification of 
foreign currency translation reserve 
664,377 
Recycling of foreign currency translation reserve 
(495,501) 
Associated expenses 
(50,981) 
Gain on disposal 
117,895 
 
 
* The cash consideration is presented net of the balance disposed as a result of the transaction 
amounting to QR. 25,732 thousand. As such, the proceeds from disposal of subsidiary amounts to QR. 
74,409 thousand is presented in the condensed interim consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-15

--- Page 258 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
14 
 
 
8. 
BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the earnings for the period attributable to the 
shareholders of the parent by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. 
 
There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding at any time during the period and, therefore, the 
dilutive earnings per share is equal to the basic earnings per share. 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the period attributable to 
shareholders of the parent (QR.’000) 
958,529 
834,286 
1,871,460 
1,794,852 
Weighted average number of shares  
(In ’000) 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 3,203,200 
3,203,200 
Basic and diluted earnings per share (QR) 
0.30 
0.26 
0.58 
0.56 
 
9. 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Net book value at beginning of the period/year 
13,905,757 
14,197,628 
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary (Note 7) 
(249,779) 
- 
Additions 
923,800 
2,703,370 
Disposals  
(6,943) 
(29,747)
Reclassification 
(29,629) 
(166,237)
Depreciation for the period/year  
(1,357,484) 
(2,935,585)
Impairment loss made during the period/year 
(4,870) 
(97,887)
Exchange adjustments  
(17,586) 
234,215 
Carrying value at the end of the period/year 
13,163,266 
13,905,757 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-16

--- Page 259 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
15 
 
 
10. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Net book value at beginning of the period/ year 
15,514,529 
16,701,624 
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary (Note 7) 
(578,875) 
- 
Acquisition of a subsidiary (i) 
- 
72,830 
Derecognition of license cost 
- 
(163,399)
Additions  
113,187 
273,166 
Disposals 
(43) 
- 
Reclassification 
29,629 
208,139 
Amortisation for the period/year 
(513,637) 
(1,023,815)
Impairment loss during the period/year (Note 24) 
- 
(524,974)
Exchange adjustment  
(60,385) 
(29,042)
Carrying value at the end of the period/year 
14,504,405 
15,514,529 
 
(i)  On 16 April 2023, the Group acquired through Iraq Al Mustaqbal for Communication and Internet 
Services and Electronic Service Ltd. (Iraq Al Mustaqbal), 49% of the shares of Masarat Al Iraq 
Information Technology Company Ltd. (Al Masarat), a limited liability company incorporated in Iraq 
with the license to provide fibre media and internet services as an Internet Service Provider (ISP). 
During the period, the Group has finalised the Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) which resulted in a net 
asset of QR. 507 thousand and the consideration minus the net asset amount was recognized as 
goodwill. 
 
11. 
RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
 
The Group leases numerous assets including land and buildings, exchange and network assets, 
subscriber apparatus and other equipment, and Indefeasible rights-of-use (IRU) assets. The lease term 
ranges from 2 to 20 years (2023: 2 to 20 years). 
 
30 June  
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Net book value at beginning of the period/ year 
2,790,486 
2,587,927 
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary (Note 7) 
(225,302) 
- 
Additions  
526,226 
945,244 
Amortisation during the period/ year 
(323,545) 
(612,275)
Reduction on early termination 
(83,743) 
(65,427)
Exchange adjustments  
(6,524) 
(64,983)
Carrying value at the end of the period/ year 
2,677,598 
2,790,486 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-17

--- Page 260 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
16 
 
 
12. 
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES 
 
The following table presents the summarised financial information of the Group’s investment in 
associates and joint ventures. 
 
 
30 June 2024 
(Reviewed) 
Group’s share in associates and joint 
ventures statement of financial 
position: 
Ooredoo
Hutchison Asia
Others 
Total
QR.’000
QR.’000 
QR.’000
 
 
 
Current assets 
1,312,956 
1,105,031 
2,417,987 
Non-current assets 
11,078,375 
2,278,804 
13,357,179 
Current liabilities 
(3,750,377) 
(633,982) 
(4,384,359) 
Non-current liabilities 
(7,151,300) 
(2,163,435) 
(9,314,735) 
Net assets 
1,489,654 
586,418 
2,076,072 
Goodwill  
3,964,807 
636,480 
4,601,287 
Carrying amount of the investment 
5,454,461 
1,222,898 
6,677,359 
 
31 December 2023 
(Audited) 
Group’s share in associates and joint 
ventures statement of financial 
position: 
Ooredoo
Hutchison Asia
 
Others 
Total
QR.’000
QR.’000 
QR.’000
 
Current assets 
1,661,517 
1,104,074 
2,765,591 
Non-current assets 
11,902,169 
2,368,582 
14,270,751 
Current liabilities 
(4,242,914) 
(788,980) 
(5,031,894) 
Non-current liabilities 
(7,694,376) 
(2,095,729) 
(9,790,105) 
Net assets 
1,626,396 
587,947 
2,214,343 
Goodwill  
4,216,647 
654,037 
4,870,684 
Carrying amount of the investment 
5,843,043 
1,241,984 
7,085,027 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-18

--- Page 261 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
17 
 
 
12. 
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED) 
 
 
 
 
 
The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments has changed as follows in the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2024: 
 
30 June  
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At 1 January 
7,085,027 
7,051,075 
Disposals 
- 
(138,093) 
Share of results for the period/year 
196,787 
397,705 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
(8,471) 
(158) 
Foreign currency translation differences 
(452,190) 
37,234 
Dividend received 
(143,794) 
(183,827) 
Impairment 
- 
(78,909) 
6,677,359 
7,085,027 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the six-month  
period ended 30 June 
2024 
(Reviewed) 
Ooredoo
Hutchison Asia 
Others 
Total
QR.’000
QR.’000 
QR.’000
 
 
 
Share in revenues of associates and joint 
ventures 
2,102,864 
759,816 
2,862,680 
Share in results of associates and joint ventures 
174,868 
21,919 
196,787 
For the six-month period 
ended 30 June 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
Ooredoo 
Hutchison Asia 
Others 
Total
QR.’000
QR.’000 
QR.’000
 
 
 
Share in revenues of associates and joint 
ventures 
1,961,175 
834,894 
2,796,069 
Share in results of associates and joint ventures 
160,029 
21,980 
182,009 
F-19

--- Page 262 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
18 
 
 
13. 
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Investment in equity instruments designated at FVTOCI 
527,323 
487,886 
Financial assets measured at FVTPL 
487,233 
478,497 
1,014,556 
966,383 
 
The Group’s financial assets comprise of investment in a telecommunication related company with fair 
value of QR. 459,817 thousand (2023: QR. 420,296 thousand), investment in venture capital funds 
accounted for at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and other private equity 
funds accounted for at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).  
 
Further information about the fair value of these investments is disclosed in Note 29. 
 
14. 
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Trade receivables – net of impairment allowances 
2,360,147 
2,364,551 
Other receivables and prepayments – net of impairment 
allowances  
1,613,225 
 
1,286,828 
Unbilled subscriber revenue – net of impairment allowances 
825,013 
797,482 
Contract assets – net of impairment allowances 
191,245 
155,257 
Amounts due from international carriers – net of impairment 
allowances 
331,240 
 
482,394 
Positive fair value of derivative contracts (Note 29) 
27 
- 
5,320,897 
5,086,512 
 
 
F-20

--- Page 263 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
19 
 
 
15. 
BANK BALANCES AND CASH 
 
For the purpose of the condensed consolidated interim statement of cash flows, cash and cash 
equivalents comprise the following items: 
 
30 June  
2024 
30 June  
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Bank balances and cash – net of impairment allowance 
11,480,928 
8,650,754 
Less: deposits with maturity of more than three-months 
(689,217) 
(762,404)
Less: restricted deposits 
(599,373) 
(424,009)
Cash and cash equivalents as per condensed consolidated interim 
statement of cash flows  
10,192,338 
7,464,341 
 
Balances with banks are assessed to have low credit risk of default since these banks are highly regulated 
by the central banks of the respective countries. Accordingly, the Group estimates the loss allowance on 
balances with banks at the end of the reporting period at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. None of 
the balances with banks at the end of the reporting period are past due and taking into account the 
historical default experience and the current credit ratings of the banks, the Group has recorded an 
impairment loss of QR. 1,746 thousand during the period ended 30 June 2024 (2023: reversal of 
impairment of QR. 1,376 thousand). 
 
The principal non-cash transactions during the period ended 30 June 2024 comprise mainly of 
acquisition of property, plant, and equipment of QR. 499,041 thousand (2023: QR. 549,175 thousand) 
and dividends declared not yet paid to non-controlling interests of QR. Nill thousand (2023: QR. 
346,482 thousand). 
 
16. 
TRANSLATION RESERVE 
 
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the 
financial statements of foreign operations. During the current period, the movement was mainly coming 
from the Kuwaiti Dinar, Tunisian Dinar, Algerian Dinar, Iraqi Dinar, Myanmar Kyat, and Indonesian 
Rupiah.  
 
17. 
DIVIDEND 
 
For the six-month period 
ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Dividend declared and approved at the Annual General Meeting: 
Final dividend for 2023, QR. 0.55 per share (2022: QR. 0.43 per 
share) 
1,761,760 
1,377,376 
 
18. 
LOANS AND BORROWINGS 
 
30 June  
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
12,511,845 
12,396,581 
Interest payable 
139,514 
137,791 
Less: deferred financing costs 
(112,122) 
(123,433)
12,539,237 
12,410,939 
 
F-21

--- Page 264 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
20 
 
 
18. 
LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED) 
 
Presented in the condensed consolidated interim statement of financial position as follows: 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Non-current portion 
11,949,002 
11,943,368 
Current portion 
590,235 
467,571 
12,539,237 
12,410,939 
 
The fair value of the Group’s loans and borrowings, which include loans and borrowings carried at fixed 
rates and floating rates, amounted to QR. 11,718,840 thousand as at 30 June 2024 (2023: QR. 
11,416,603 thousand). 
 
19. 
OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
License cost payables 
140,686 
265,355 
Others* 
74,280 
86,272 
214,966 
351,627 
 
* 
Others mainly include long-term procurement payables. 
 
20. 
TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Trade payables 
946,679 
1,322,588 
Accrued expenses 
4,080,434 
4,501,213 
Payables to Communication Regulatory Authority 
290,032 
519,980 
Amounts due to international carriers - net 
391,690 
378,025 
License cost payable 
- 
8,507 
Negative fair value derivatives 
- 
257 
Long term incentive points-based payments 
87,934 
122,607 
Other payables (i) 
769,000 
786,281 
6,565,769 
7,639,458 
 
(i) 
Other payables mainly include dividend payables, deposits and advances. 
 
 
F-22

--- Page 265 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
21 
 
 
21. 
LEASE LIABILITIES 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Carrying value at beginning of the period/year 
3,746,267 
3,804,713 
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary (Note 7) 
(1,160,880) 
- 
Additions during the period/year 
526,226 
945,244 
Interest expense on lease liability 
125,265 
262,567 
Principal element of lease payments 
(427,913) 
(793,530)
Payment of interest portion of lease liability 
(77,671) 
(160,971)
Reduction on early termination 
(85,485) 
(54,953)
Exchange adjustments 
70,871 
(256,803)
Carrying value at the end of the period/year 
2,716,680 
3,746,267 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Non-current portion 
2,230,967 
3,131,129 
Current portion 
485,713 
615,138 
2,716,680 
3,746,267 
 
The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. The maturity profile 
of lease liabilities is monitored by the Group’s treasury function. 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Contractual maturity analysis 
 
 
Not later than 1 year 
614,131 
840,865 
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years 
1,775,189 
2,778,985 
Later than 5 years 
952,602 
1,158,060 
Total contractual cash flows 
3,341,922 
4,777,910 
Less: Unwinding of interest 
(625,242) 
(1,031,643)
Carrying value of lease liabilities 
2,716,680 
3,746,267 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-23

--- Page 266 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
22 
 
 
22. 
COMPONENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Items that may be reclassified 
subsequently to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow hedges 
 
 
Effective portion of changes in fair value of 
cash flow hedges 
- 
(776) 
- 
(1,485) 
Share of other comprehensive income / (loss) 
of associates and joint ventures 
- 
- 
(8,771) 
(1,368) 
 
 
 
 
Foreign currency translation reserve 
 
 
 
 
Foreign exchange translation differences –
foreign operations 
(235,589) 
(123,382) (490,588) 
841,507 
Translation reserve recycled to profit or loss 
495,501 
- 
495,501 
- 
259,912 
(123,382) 
4,913 
841,507 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified 
subsequently to profit or loss  
 
 
 
 
Fair value reserve 
 
 
 
 
Net changes in fair value of equity investments 
at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
(12,891) 
(4,972) 
39,341 
(39,201) 
 
 
 
 
Employees benefit reserve 
 
 
 
 
Share of other comprehensive income / (loss) 
of associates and joint ventures 
156 
(1,954) 
300 
(1,832) 
Other comprehensives income / (loss) – net of 
tax 
247,177 
(131,084) 
35,783 
797,621 
 
23. 
INCOME TAX AND OTHER TAX RELATED FEES 
 
The income tax represents amounts recognised by the subsidiaries. The major components of the 
income tax expense for the period included in the condensed consolidated interim statement of profit 
or loss are as follows: 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current income tax 
 
 
Current income tax charge 
150,004 
136,889 
291,856 
256,793 
 
 
 
 
Deferred income tax 
 
 
 
 
Relating to origination and reversal of 
temporary differences 
(2,923) 
7,510 
18,619 
11,332 
 
 
 
 
Industry fees and other tax related fees  
 
 
 
 
Industry fee (i) 
68,885 
45,615 
125,816 
100,555 
Other tax related fees (ii) 
7,289 
5,500 
14,822 
32,853 
223,255 
195,514 
451,113 
401,533 
F-24

--- Page 267 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
23 
 
 
23. 
INCOME TAX AND OTHER TAX RELATED FEES (CONTINUED) 
 
(i) 
In accordance with its operating licenses for Public Telecommunications Networks and Services 
granted in Qatar by ICT QATAR, now referred to as the Communications Regulatory Authority 
(CRA), the Company is liable to pay to the CRA an annual industry fee which is calculated at 
12.5% (2023: 12.5%) of net profit from regulated activities undertaken in Qatar pursuant to the 
licenses which is accounted for under IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’.  
 
(ii) 
Contributions by National Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. to Kuwait 
Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (“KFAS”), National Labour Support Tax (“NLST”) 
and Zakat represent levies/taxes imposed at the flat percentage of net profits attributable less 
permitted deductions under the prevalent respective fiscal regulations of the State of Kuwait 
which is accounted for under IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’. 
 
24. 
IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON GOODWILL AND OTHER NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
For the three-month 
period ended 30 June 
For the six-month 
period ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) (Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Impairment loss on Asia Mobile Holdings Pte 
Ltd (i) 
- 
71,940 
- 
71,940 
Impairment loss on Ooredoo Tunisia (ii) 
- 
- 
- 
102,897 
Others 
2,768 
(460) 
4,870 
(460) 
2,768 
71,480 
4,870 
174,377 
 
 
i) 
As at 30 June 2023, the Group assessed its investment in associate (Asia Mobile Holdings Pte 
Ltd (“AMH”)) by comparing the recoverable amount (based on value in use calculations 
computed using cash flow projections) to the carrying value of the cash generating unit. The 
computations indicated that the recoverable amount of the investment is less than its carrying 
value and as a result an impairment charge of QR. 72 million has been reflected in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
In June 2024, management updated their impairment assessment model to determine the 
recoverable amount of the investment in AMH. Based on updated projections considering the 
current performance of AMH in their impairment assessment, the computations indicated that 
the recoverable amount of the investment is higher than its carrying value. 
 
ii) 
As at 31 March 2023, and as a result of the most recent Ooredoo Tunisia performance against 
its budget, the Group reassessed its investment in Tunisia by comparing the recoverable 
amount (based on value in use calculations computed using cash flow projections) to the 
carrying value of the cash generating unit. The computations indicated that the recoverable 
amount of the investment is less than the carrying value and as a result an impairment charge 
of QR. 102.9 million has been reflected in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
 
In June 2024, management updated their impairment assessment model to determine the 
recoverable amount of the investment in Ooredoo Tunisia. Based on updated projections 
considering the current performance of Ooredoo Tunisia in their impairment assessment, the 
computations indicated that the recoverable amount of the investment is higher than its 
carrying value. 
 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group has performed an assessment to identify any impairment indicators in 
other investments during the period. The Group compared the achieved results to the approved budgets 
and cashflow projections. The assessment did not give rise to any additional impairment as at 30 June 
2024 except for the impairment disclosed above. Management will monitor the performance of its 
investments and the market during the future reporting periods. 
F-25

--- Page 268 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
24 
 
 
25. 
COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND LITIGATIONS 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Capital expenditure and commitments 
 
 
Estimated capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the 
financial reporting period / year but not provided for 
2,164,270 
1,322,836 
Letters of credit 
289,966 
270,800 
Letters of guarantees 
963,295 
949,304 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Contingent liabilities 
 
 
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts 
22,758 
28,653 
 
Litigations 
 
All other litigation positions reported in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements as at  
31 December 2023 have not materially changed as at 30 June 2024. 
 
A part of the regulatory tariff levied on mobile telecommunication operators in Kuwait by the Ministry 
of Communications since 26 July 2011 was invalidated by the Kuwait Court of Cassation in April 2017. 
Accordingly, the Group has contingent assets in the form of recovery of excess regulatory tariff paid. In 
March 2023, the court of cassation rendered its ruling in favour of the Group for a part of the contingent 
asset by enforcing Communication and Information Technology Regulatory Authority (“CITRA”) and 
Ministry of Communication (“MOC”) to compensate the company a sum of QR. 510 million (KD 43.8 
million) for the period till August 2016. The Group completed the execution process and received the 
full amount of the judgement which has been recognised as “other income” in the condensed 
consolidated interim statement of profit or loss during the previous period. The Group has already filed 
claims to recover remaining excess regulatory tariff for the period from August 2016 till date.  
 
26. 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
 
Related parties represent associated companies including Government and semi-Government agencies, 
associates, major shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and companies 
of which they are principal owners. In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into 
transactions with related parties. Pricing policies and terms of transactions are approved by the Group’s 
management. The Group enters into commercial transactions with Government related entities in the 
ordinary course of business in terms of providing telecommunication services, placement of deposits 
and obtaining credit facilities etc. 
 
(a) 
Transactions with Government and related entities 
 
The Group enters into commercial transactions with the Government and other Government related 
entities in the ordinary course of business, which includes providing telecommunication services, 
placement of deposits and obtaining credit facilities. All these transactions are in the ordinary course of 
business at normal commercial terms and conditions. Following are the significant balances and 
transactions between the Company and the Government and other Government related entities. 
 
 
F-26

--- Page 269 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
25 
 
 
26. 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED) 
 
(a) 
Transactions with Government and related entities (continued) 
 
(i) 
Trade receivables-net of impairment include an amount of QR. 619,284 thousand (2023: QR. 
706,246 thousand) receivable from Government and Government related entities. 
(ii) 
The most significant amount of revenue from a Government related entity amounted to QR. 
57,532 thousand (2023: QR. 21,381 thousand). 
(iii) 
Industry fee pertains to the industry fee payable to CRA, a Government related entity. 
 
In accordance with IAS 24 ‘Related Party Disclosures’, the Group has elected not to disclose transactions 
with the Qatar Government and other entities over which the Qatar Government exerts control, joint 
control or significant influence. The nature of transactions that the Group has with such related parties 
relates to provision of telecommunication services on normal commercial terms and conditions. 
 
(b) 
Transactions with Directors and other key management personnel 
 
Key management personnel comprise the Board of Directors and key members of management having 
authority and responsibility of planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group. 
 
The compensation and benefits related to Board of Directors and key management personnel amounted 
to QR. 62,181 thousand for the three-month period ended 30 June 2024 (2023: QR. 76,413 thousand) 
and QR.145,364 thousand for the six month period ended 30 June 2024 (2023: QR. 138,342 thousand) 
and end of service benefits amounted to QR. 4,734 thousand for the three-month period ended 30 June 
2024 (2023: QR. 4,530 thousand) and QR. 10,619 thousand for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2024 (2023: QR. 8,542 thousand). The remuneration to the Board of Directors and key management 
personnel has been included under the caption “Employee salaries and associated cost”. 
 
27. 
PROVISIONS  
 
30 June 2024 
31 December 2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Audited) 
Current
 
Non-current
 
Total
 
Current
 
Non-current
Total
 
QR.’000
 
QR.’000
 
QR.’000
 
QR.’000
 
QR.’000
 
QR.’000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Site restoration 
provision 
1,389 
218,220 
219,609 
1,382 
217,669 
219,051 
Legal, regulatory, and 
other provisions (i) 
340,395 
- 
340,395 
260,470 
- 
260,470 
341,784 
218,220 
560,004 
261,852 
217,669 
479,521 
 
(i) 
Other provisions include provisions relating to certain legal, commercial, and other regulatory 
related matters, including provisions relating to certain Group subsidiaries. 
 
 
 
F-27

--- Page 270 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
26 
 
 
28. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION  
 
Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments is set out below in accordance with IFRS 8 
“Operating Segments”. IFRS 8 requires reportable segments to be identified on the basis of internal 
reports that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) and used 
to allocate resources to the segments and to assess their performance. 
 
The Group is mainly engaged in a single line of business, being the supply of telecommunications 
services and related products. The majority of the Group’s revenues, profits and assets relate to its 
operations in the MENA. Outside of Qatar, the Group operates through its subsidiaries and associates 
and major operations that are reported to the Group’s CODM are considered by the Group to be 
reportable segments. Revenue is attributed to reportable segments based on the location of the Group 
companies. Inter-segment sales are charged at arms’ length prices.  
 
For management reporting purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their 
geographical area covered, and has six reportable segments as follows: 
 
1. 
Ooredoo Qatar is a provider of domestic and international telecommunication services within 
the State of Qatar; 
2. 
Asiacell is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Iraq; 
3. 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (“OHA”) (considered a major joint venture) is a provider of 
telecommunication services such as cellular services, fixed telecommunications, multimedia, 
data communication and internet services in Indonesia; 
4. 
Ooredoo Oman is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Oman;  
5. 
Ooredoo Algeria is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Algeria; and 
6. 
Ooredoo Kuwait is a provider of mobile and ISP services in Kuwait. 
 
Management monitors the operating results of its operating subsidiaries separately for the purpose of 
making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is 
evaluated based on operating profit or loss of these reportable segments. Transfer pricing between 
reportable segments are on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-28

--- Page 271 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
27 
 
 
28. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)  
 
Operating segments 
 
The following table presents revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s operating segments for the three-month period ended 30 June 2024 and 2023: 
 
For the three-month period ended 30 June 2024 (Reviewed) 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
Total as 
reported 
OHA* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Revenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of 
telecom services 
 1,666,112   1,274,448  
 682,436  
 550,817  
 585,425  
 733,866  
 -  
  5,493,104 1,045,107  
Sale of telecommunications 
equipment 
 15,342  
 -  
 1,239  
 30,140  
 224,393  
 150,696  
 -  
 
 421,810 
 1,571  
Revenue from use of assets 
by others 
 3,372  
 2,824  
 -  
 9,890  
 119  
 2,792  
 -  
 
 18,997 
 -   
Inter-segment 
 78,380  
 44  
 14  
 455  
 467  
 135,831  
 (215,191) 
(i) 
 -  
 -   
Total revenue 
1,763,206 
1,277,316 
683,689 
591,302 
810,404 
1,023,185 
(215,191) 
 
5,933,911 1,046,678 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of revenue 
recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
 92,754  
 -  
 1,239  
 30,140  
 224,393  
 162,620  
 (89,336) 
 
 421,810 
 1,571  
Over time 
 1,670,452   1,277,316  
 682,450  
 561,162  
 586,011  
 860,565  
 (125,855) 
 
 5,512,101  1,045,107  
1,763,206 
1,277,316 
683,689 
591,302 
810,404 
1,023,185 
(215,191) 
 
5,933,911 1,046,678 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment profit before tax** 
649,062 
292,360 
101,914 
50,054 
105,537 
186,459 
(75,217) (ii) 
1,310,169 
144,354 
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
244,131 
205,460 
165,044 
159,381 
124,454 
136,090 
75,217 
 
1,109,777 
332,906 
Net finance costs 
41,349 
2,042 
14,041 
8,699 
3,387 
21,853 
- 
 
91,371 
88,583 
 
 
 
 
F-29

--- Page 272 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
28 
 
 
28. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)  
 
Operating segments (continued) 
 
For the three-month period ended 30 June 2023 (Reviewed) 
 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
Total as 
reported 
OHA* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Revenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of 
telecom services 
 1,711,583  
 1,082,022  
 597,434  
 562,569  
 569,660  
 818,787  
 -  
 
 5,342,055  
 1,022,377  
Sale of telecommunications 
equipment 
 5,310  
 66  
 763  
 36,004  
 180,994  
 190,419  
 -  
 
 413,556  
 852  
Revenue from use of assets 
by others 
 3,783  
 2,911  
 -  
 6,963  
 119  
 4,146  
 -  
 
 17,922  
 -  
Inter-segment 
 97,240  
 45  
 9  
 443  
 503  
 82,867  
 (181,107)
(i) 
 -  
 -  
Total revenue 
1,817,916 
1,085,044 
598,206 
605,979 
751,276 
1,096,219 
(181,107)
 
5,773,533 
1,023,229 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of revenue 
recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
 101,906  
 66  
 763  
 36,004  
 180,994  
 198,273  
(104,450)
 
 413,556  
 852  
Over time 
 1,716,010  
 1,084,978  
 597,443  
 569,975  
 570,282  
 897,946  
(76,657)
 
 5,359,977  
 1,022,377  
1,817,916 
1,085,044 
598,206 
605,979 
751,276 
1,096,219 
(181,107)
 
5,773,533 
1,023,229 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment profit before tax ** 
558,145 
290,234 
88,822 
60,669 
95,292
145,019 
(75,486)
(ii) 
1,162,695 
100,198 
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
248,049 
206,480 
143,896 
165,648 
129,307 
160,212 
75,486 
 
1,129,078 
323,234 
Net finance costs 
90,466 
4,490 
7,287 
9,215 
(806) 
38,966 
- 
 
149,618 
102,327 
F-30

--- Page 273 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
29 
 
28. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)  
 
Operating segments (continued) 
 
* 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (OHA) proportionate share of results is included in “Others” column 
as part of “Segment Profit before tax” line item to reconcile to the total reported numbers. The 
“OHA” column presented after the “total as reported” is to present the . proportionate financial 
information of the joint venture as reviewed by the CODM. The Group’s share of IOH operations 
is equal to 32.8%.  
 
** 
Segment profit before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment 
including depreciation and amortisation and finance costs. 
 
(i) 
Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. 
 
(ii) 
Segment profit before tax does not include the following: 
 
For the three-month period 
ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Amortisation of intangibles*** 
(75,217) 
(75,486)
(75,217) 
(75,486)
 
***Amortisation relating to additional intangibles identified from business combination was not 
 considered as part of segment expense. 
F-31

--- Page 274 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
30 
 
28. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)  
 
Operating segments 
 
The following table presents revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s operating segments for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 and 2023: 
 
For the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 (Reviewed) 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
Total as 
reported 
OHA* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Revenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of 
telecom services 
 3,329,945   2,480,514  
 1,342,999  
 1,096,850  
 1,159,315   1,497,785  
 -  
 10,907,408   2,100,244  
Sale of telecommunications 
equipment 
 23,001  
 -  
 2,199  
 80,099  
 410,057  
 333,605  
 -  
 
 848,961 
 2,620  
Revenue from use of assets 
by others 
 7,001  
 5,787  
 -  
 20,197  
 237  
 6,878  
 -  
 
 40,100 
 -   
Inter-segment 
 218,877  
 90  
 31  
 942  
 960  
 278,802  
 (499,702) 
(i) 
 -  
 -   
Total revenue 
3,578,824 
2,486,391 
1,345,229 
1,198,088 
1,570,569 
2,117,070 
(499,702) 
 11,796,469 2,102,864 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of revenue 
recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
 239,587  
 -  
 2,199  
 80,099  
 410,057  
 352,513  
 (235,494) 
 
 848,961 
 2,620  
Over time 
 3,339,237   2,486,391  
 1,343,030  
 1,117,989  
 1,160,512   1,764,557  
 (264,208) 
 10,947,508   2,100,244  
 3,578,824   2,486,391  
 1,345,229  
 1,198,088  
 1,570,569   2,117,070  
 (499,702) 
  11,796,469  2,102,864  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment profit before tax** 
1,338,685 
641,182 
 234,014  
 109,343  
 157,627  
 274,087  
 (149,715) (ii)  2,605,223 
 279,197  
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
485,841 
407,280 
 309,850  
 314,466  
 248,826  
 285,045  
 149,715  
  2,201,023 
 654,732  
Net finance costs 
80,590 
4,506 
 23,011  
 16,874  
 (3,027) 
 58,469  
 -  
 
 180,423 
 176,294  
 
 
 
 
 
F-32

--- Page 275 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
31 
 
28. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)  
 
Operating segments (continued) 
 
For the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 (Reviewed) 
 
Ooredoo  
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
Total as 
reported 
OHA* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Revenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of 
telecom services 
3,502,526 
2,017,271 
1,168,285 
1,129,167 
1,117,266 
1,596,259 
- 
 10,530,774 
1,959,559 
Sale of telecommunications 
equipment 
19,881 
66 
2,029 
85,292 
341,173 
393,557 
- 
 
841,998 
1,404 
Revenue from use of assets 
by others 
7,532 
6,047 
- 
14,202 
238 
8,108 
- 
 
36,127 
212 
Inter-segment 
235,828 
157 
30 
938 
1,267 
146,631 
(384,851)
(i) 
- 
- 
Total revenue 
3,765,767 
2,023,541 
1,170,344 
1,229,599 
1,459,944 
2,144,555 
(384,851)
 11,408,899 
1,961,175 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of revenue 
recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
254,064 
66 
2,029 
85,292 
341,173 
402,833 
(243,459)
 
841,998 
1,404 
Over time 
3,511,703 
2,023,475 
1,168,315 
1,144,307 
1,118,771 
1,741,722 
(141,392)
 10,566,901 
1,959,771 
3,765,767 
2,023,541 
1,170,344 
1,229,599 
1,459,944 
2,144,555 
(384,851)
 11,408,899 
1,961,175 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment profit before tax ** 
1,192,141 
587,031 
195,479 
118,812 
700,504
(43,121) 
(253,232)
(ii) 
2,497,614 
192,357 
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
490,129 
394,088 
287,440 
332,276 
257,112 
322,332 
150,335 
 
2,233,712 
651,494 
Net finance costs 
185,047 
8,787 
14,040 
19,045 
107 
79,026 
- 
 
306,052 
199,141 
F-33

--- Page 276 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
32 
 
28. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)  
 
Operating segments (continued) 
 
* 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (OHA) proportionate share of results is included in “Others” column 
as part of “Segment profit before tax” line item to reconcile to the total reported numbers. The 
“OHA” column presented after the “total as reported” is to present the proportionate financial 
information of the joint venture as reviewed by the CODM. The Group’s share of IOH operations 
is equal to 32.8%.  
 
** 
Segment profit before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment 
including depreciation and amortisation and finance costs. 
 
(i) 
Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. 
 
(ii) 
Segment profit before tax does not include the following: 
 
For the six-month period 
ended 30 June 
2024 
2023 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Amortisation of intangibles*** 
(149,715) 
(150,335) 
Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 
- 
(102,897) 
(149,715) 
(253,232) 
 
***Amortisation relating to additional intangibles identified from business combination was not 
considered as part of segment expense. 
F-34

--- Page 277 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
33 
 
28. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)  
 
 
Operating segments (continued) 
 
 
The following table presents segment assets of the Group’s operating segments as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023. 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo  
Kuwait 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
Total as 
reported 
OHA* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Segment assets (i) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 30 June 2024  
(Reviewed) 
14,648,233 
6,591,199 
4,064,471 
3,962,565 
4,158,374 
11,829,644 
11,089,437 
56,343,923 
9,230,779 
At 31 December 2023 (Audited) 
14,714,154 
5,922,295 
4,102,448 
4,072,947 
4,862,186 
13,265,081 
11,269,341 
58,208,452 10,009,802 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital expenditure (ii) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30 June 2024  
(Reviewed) 
188,460 
194,029 
175,310 
205,684 
89,251 
184,253 
- 
1,036,987 
337,068 
At 31 December 2023 (Audited) 
674,665 
584,401 
501,322 
426,680 
207,002 
582,466 
- 
2,976,536 
925,158 
 
* 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (OHA) proportionate results are included in the segment analysis. As a result of the merger between IO and PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia, 
the Group deconsolidated IO and recognised its retained interest as an investment in a joint venture. The Group’s share of IOH operations is equal to 32.8%. 
 
(i) 
Goodwill and other intangibles arising from business combinations amounting to QR. 11,089,437 thousand (2023: QR. 11,269,341 thousand) were not considered 
as part of segment assets. 
 
(ii) 
Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment and intangibles excluding goodwill and assets from business combinations. 
 
 
F-35

--- Page 278 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
34 
 
29. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
Fair value hierarchy 
 
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial 
instruments by valuation technique: 
 
Level 1: 
Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group
can access at the measurement date; 
Level 2: 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets or
liability, either directly or indirectly; and 
Level 3: 
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 
The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial asset and 
liabilities at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023: 
 
30 June  
2024 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
(Reviewed) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
 527,323  
 1,083  
 11,775  
 514,465  
FVTPL 
 487,233  
 486,883  
 350  
 -  
Derivative financial 
instruments 
 27  
 -  
 27  
 -  
1,014,583 
487,966 
12,152 
514,465 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liability 
for which fair value is 
disclosed 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
11,718,840 
- 
11,041,875 
676,965 
11,718,840 
- 
11,041,875 
676,965 
 
31 December 
2023 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
(Audited) 
(Audited) 
(Audited) 
(Audited) 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
487,886 
1,247 
11,695 
474,944 
FVTPL 
478,497 
478,228 
269 
- 
966,383 
479,475 
11,964 
474,944 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liability 
for which fair value is 
disclosed 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial 
instruments 
257 
- 
257 
- 
Loans and borrowings 
11,416,603 
- 
10,854,824 
561,779 
11,416,860 
- 
10,855,081 
561,779 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-36

--- Page 279 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
35 
 
29. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
There were no transfers among Levels 1, 2, and 3 for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 and for 
the year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
At 30 June 2024, the Group has notes with a fair value of QR. 11,041,875 thousand (2023: QR. 
10,854,824 thousand). The notes are listed on the Irish bond market and the fair value of these 
instruments is determined by reference to quoted prices in this market. The market for these bonds is 
not considered to be liquid and consequently the fair value measurement is categorised within level 2 
of the fair value hierarchy. In addition, the Group has bank loans with a fair value of QR. 676,965 
thousand (2023: QR. 561,779 thousand) within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
For fair value measurements categorised within Level 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the fair values 
are determined using appropriate valuation techniques, which include the use of mathematical models, 
such as discounted cash flow models and option pricing models, comparison to similar instruments for 
which market observables prices exist and other valuation techniques. Valuation techniques 
incorporate assumptions regarding discount rates, estimates of future cash flows and other factors.  
 
The following table summarises the quantitative Information about the significant unobservable inputs 
used in level 3 fair value measurements for the individually significant investment: 
 
Description 
Fair value at  
30 June 
 2024 
Unobservable 
inputs 
Value of 
inputs 
Relationship of 
unobservable 
inputs to fair value 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Investment in a 
telecommunication 
related company 
classified as 
FVTOCI 
459,817 
EV/EBITDA 
7.201 times 
A change in the EV/EBITDA 
by 10% would 
increase/decrease the fair 
value by QR. 40,753 
thousand 
F-37

--- Page 280 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Condensed consolidated interim financial information  
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
36 
 
30. 
SIGNIFICANT ARRANGEMENT  
 
Ooredoo, Zain and TASC Towers Holding enter exclusive negotiations to create an independent tower 
company comprising up to 30,000 towers. 
 
On 24 July 2023, the Group announced that it had entered exclusive negotiations with Mobile 
Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. (Zain Group) and UAE based TASC Towers Holding to combine 
their approximately 30,000 telecommunication tower assets in Qatar, Kuwait, Algeria, Tunisia, Iraq 
and Jordan into a jointly owned independent tower company.  
 
Ooredoo and Zain have announced on 5 December 2023 the signing of definitive agreements between 
Ooredoo Group, Zain Group and TASC Towers Holding (“TASC”) to create the largest tower company 
in the MENA region, in a cash and share deal. 
 
Both Ooredoo and Zain will retain their respective active infrastructure, including wireless 
communication antennas, intelligent software, and intellectual property with respect to managing their 
telecom networks. The phased implementation, tailored for each market and adhering to the regulatory 
environment, is subject to regulatory approvals, ensuring a seamless transition of operations. Ooredoo’s 
tower network in Oman is following a stand-alone process. 
F-38

--- Page 281 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Bermuda 
 
Financial statements and  
Independent auditor’s report 
For the year ended 31 December 2023
F-39

--- Page 282 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENT  
PAGE (S)  
Independent auditor’s report 
1 - 3  
Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
  4 
Statement of financial position                                                                                           
  5  
Statement of changes in equity 
6 
Statement of cash flows 
7 
Notes to the financial statements 
   8 - 19 
F-40

--- Page 283 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch, P.O. Box: 6689, Doha, Qatar. 
Ministry of Commerce and Industry License number 6 / Qatar Financial Markets Authority License number 120155 
T: +974 4419 2777, F:+974 4467 7528, www.pwc.com/me  
Independent auditor's report to the shareholder of Ooredoo 
International Finance Limited 
 
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Our opinion 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited (the "Company") as at 31 December 2023, and its financial 
performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. 
 
What we have audited 
 
The Company’s financial statements comprise: 
• 
the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2023; 
• 
the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023; 
• 
the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended; 
• 
the statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and 
• 
the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other 
explanatory information. 
 
Basis for opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements section of our report. 
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. 
 
Independence 
 
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards 
Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
financial statements in the State of Qatar. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with IESBA Code and the ethical requirements in the State of Qatar.  
 
Our audit approach 
 
Overview 
 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in 
the financial statements. In particular, we considered where the Directors made subjective judgements; for 
example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering 
future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management 
override of internal controls, including among other matters consideration of whether there was evidence of 
bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. 
 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on 
the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Company, the accounting 
processes and controls, and the industry in which the Company operates.
F-41

--- Page 284 ---
2 
Independent auditor's report to the shareholder of Ooredoo 
International Finance Limited (continued) 
 
Key audit matters  
 
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to communicate in our report. 
 
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the financial statements 
 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and with the requirements of the Companies Act 1981, and for 
such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. 
 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.  
 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control. 
 
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by management. 
 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
F-42

--- Page 285 ---
3 
Independent auditor's report to the shareholder of Ooredoo 
International Finance Limited (continued) 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (continued) 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters 
that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public 
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should 
not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be 
expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
For and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers - Qatar Branch 
Mark Menton 
Auditor’s registration number 364 
Doha, State of Qatar 
2 September 2024
F-43

--- Page 286 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited  
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
4 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
 
 
 
 
Note 
2023 
2022 
 
 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
Finance income 
7(a) 
133,416 
162,880 
Service fee income 
 
32 
52 
Finance costs 
4 
(133,416) 
(162,880)
General and administrative expenses 
5 
(30) 
(48)
Profit before tax 
 
2 
4 
Income tax 
 
(2) 
(3)
Net profit for the year 
 
- 
1 
Other comprehensive income 
 
- 
- 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
- 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-3. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 8 to 19 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
F-44

--- Page 287 ---
F-45

--- Page 288 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
6 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
 
 
 
Share 
capital 
Retained 
earnings 
 
Total 
 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2022* 
- 
1 
1 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
- 
1 
1 
At 31 December 2022* 
- 
2 
2 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2023* 
- 
2 
2 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
- 
- 
- 
At 31 December 2023* 
- 
2 
2 
 
*The capital amounted to USD 100 which has not moved since the incorporation of the Company.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-3. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 8 to 19 form an integral part of these financial statements.
F-46

--- Page 289 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
7 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER  
 
 
 
Note 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax 
 
2 
4 
 
 
 
 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
Finance income 
7(a) 
(133,416) 
(162,880) 
Finance costs 
4 
133,416 
162,880 
 
 
 
 
Working capital changes: 
 
 
 
Amounts due from Parent Company 
 
- 
(2) 
Movement in accrued expenses 
 
(2) 
2 
Cash generated from operations 
 
- 
4 
Income tax paid 
 
- 
(4) 
Net cash generated from operating activities 
 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 
- 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  
 
- 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  
 
- 
- 
 
Refer to Notes 6 and 9 for details of non-cash transactions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-3. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 8 to 19 form an integral part of these financial statements.
F-47

--- Page 290 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
8 
1. 
REPORTING ENTITY
Ooredoo International Finance Limited (the “Company”) was registered as an exempt company with limited 
liability on 8 May 2009. The Company was incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies Act 1981. The 
Company’s registration number is 43194 and its registered office is at Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, 
Hamilton HM 12. 
The Company is a fully owned subsidiary of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (“the Parent Company”), a Qatari Public 
Shareholding Company listed on the Qatar Exchange. The Parent Company’s registered office is at P.O. Box 
217, Ooredoo building, 100 West Bay Tower, Doha, Qatar.  
Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the Parent Company of the Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. Qatar Holding L.L.C. is controlled by 
Qatar Investment Authority – the sovereign wealth fund of the State of Qatar – (the “Ultimate parent”). In 
the Extraordinary General Assembly Meeting held on 27 December 2023, the shareholding of Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C. held by Qatar Holding L.L.C. was transferred to Qatar Investment Authority. 
The purpose of Ooredoo International Finance Limited is to raise notes and capital for the Parent Company’s 
financing requirements. The Company is only operating in one segment. 
The financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 were authorised for issue 
in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company on 29 August 2024. 
2.
BASIS OF PREPARATION
2.1  
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and Articles of Association of the Company.  
There is no corporate tax on income, profit, capital, capital gains or capital appreciation in Bermuda. 
2.2 
BASIS OF MEASUREMENT 
The financial statements are prepared under the historical cost basis. 
2.3 
FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY 
The functional currency of the Company is the Qatari Riyal (“QAR”). The functional currency was 
determined in accordance with IAS 21 'The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates' according to the 
primary and secondary factors that establish an entity’s functional currency, as well as additional factors for 
determining the functional currency of a foreign operation. The primary activities of the Company are 
considered to be carried out as an extension of the Parent Company, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C.. They are therefore 
carried out without a significant degree of autonomy. Consequently, the functional currency of the Company 
is considered as that of the Parent Company.  
The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar (“USD”), which is the Company’s presentation 
currency as the interest-bearing loan to Parent Company and interest-bearing borrowings are denominated 
in USD. As Qatari Riyal is pegged to the United States Dollar, no translation difference has resulted during 
the year. 
2.4 
USE OF ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS 
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires 
management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting 
policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from 
these estimates. 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates 
are recognised in the year in which the estimate is revised and in any future years affected. In particular, 
information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments in applying accounting 
policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements is 
included in Note 12. 
F-48

--- Page 291 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
9 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION 
 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all the periods presented in these 
financial statements, and have been applied consistently by the Company.  
 
3.1  
CHANGES TO MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION 
 
3.1.1  
NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS ADOPTED BY THE COMPANY 
 
A number of new or amended standards became applicable for the current reporting period, and the  
Company has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting 
period commencing 1 January 2023:  
  
• 
IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts; 
• 
Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2; 
• 
Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8; 
• 
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments to IAS 
12; and 
• 
International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – amendments to IAS 12. 
  
The amendments listed above did not have a material impact on the amounts recognised in the prior or 
current period.  
 
3.1.2  
NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS NOT YET ADOPTED 
 
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Company. The 
management of the Company is in the process of assessing the potential impact on the entity in the current 
or/and future reporting periods. 
 
3.2    
REVENUE RECOGNITION  
 
Finance income  
 
Finance income is accrued on a time basis with reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective 
interest rate applicable. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of 
financial asset and liability and of allocating interest income and expense over the relevant period. The 
effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees paid 
or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or 
discounts) through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the 
net carrying amount on initial recognition. 
 
3.3  
EXPENSES  
 
Finance costs 
 
The Company bears finance costs on the interest-bearing borrowings that it has obtained. These settlements 
of finance costs take the form of an outflow or depletion of assets such as cash and cash equivalents and are 
recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the period they are incurred.  
 
Other expenses arise in the ordinary course of the operations of the Company. These usually take the form 
of an outflow or depletion of assets such as cash in bank. Expenses are recognised in profit or loss in the 
period they are incurred. 
 
3.4       FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Company’s statement of financial position 
when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 
 
 
 
F-49

--- Page 292 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
10 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets 
and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of 
the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly 
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss. 
 
(a) 
Financial assets 
 
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair 
value, depending on the classification of the financial assets. 
 
Classification of financial assets  
 
The Company classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories: 
• 
those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit or loss), and 
• 
those to be measured at amortised cost. 
 
The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the 
contractual terms of the cash flows and whether it gives rise cash flows that are solely payments of principal 
and interest on the principal amounts outstanding. The Company reclassifies debt investments when and 
only when its business model for managing those assets changes. 
 
All financial assets have been classified as amortised cost. 
 
Impairment of financial assets 
 
The Company recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on due from related parties and bank 
balances. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit 
risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument. 
 
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the 
expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that 
is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after 
the reporting date. 
 
The Company’s financial asset comprise mainly of interest- bearing loan to Parent Company, which is of 
investment grade and therefore low credit risk, as such the IFRS 9 low credit risk practical expedient is 
applied when assessing significant increase in credit risk. 
 
(i)  
Credit-impaired financial assets 
 
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated 
future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired 
includes observable data about the following events: 
 
(a) 
significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; 
(b) 
a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above); 
(c) 
the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s 
financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not 
otherwise consider; 
(d) 
it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;  
(e) 
the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or 
(f) 
when the financial asset is 90 days past due, unless the Company has reasonable and supportable 
information that demonstrates otherwise. 
 
 
 
 
F-50

--- Page 293 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
11 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
(ii)  
Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses 
 
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default and 
the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on 
historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, 
this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date. 
 
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows 
that are due to the Company in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Company expects 
to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. 
 
(iii)  Write-off policy 
 
The Company writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in 
severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.  
 
Derecognition of financial assets 
 
The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset 
expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the 
asset to another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards 
of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest in 
the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company retains substantially all 
the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company continues to recognise the 
financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.  
 
(b) Financial liabilities 
 
All financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.  
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost   
 
Financial liabilities, that are not designated at FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost using 
the effective interest method.  
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of 
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of 
the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of 
the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability. 
 
Derecognition of financial liabilities 
 
The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Company’s obligations are 
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability 
derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.  
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
 
Interest bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of the consideration received, less directly 
attributable transaction costs.  Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing borrowings are measured 
at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Instalments due within one year at amortised cost are 
shown as a current liability. Gains or losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the 
liabilities are derecognised as well as through the amortisation process. Finance costs are recognised as an 
expense when incurred except those which qualify for capitalisation. 
F-51

--- Page 294 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
12 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.5     Share capital 
 
The shares issued by the Company at the time of registration consist only of ordinary shares and have been 
classified as share capital under equity. 
 
3.6     Foreign currencies transactions 
 
The financial statements of the Company are measured in the currency of the primary economic 
environment in which the Company operates. The functional currency of the Company is the Qatari Riyals 
(“QAR”) and its presentation currency is the United States Dollar ("USD").  
 
Translation from functional currency to presentation currency is performed as follows: 
 
(i) 
assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing 
rate at the date of that statement of financial position; 
 
(ii) 
income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless 
this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the 
transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the 
transactions); and 
 
(iii) 
all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated 
as a separate component of equity. 
 
3.7      Events after the reporting date 
 
The financial statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the reporting date and the date 
when the financial statements are authorised for issue, provided they give evidence of conditions that existed 
at the reporting date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-52

--- Page 295 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
13 
4. 
FINANCE COSTS 
 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Interest expenses 
133,416 
162,880 
 
5. 
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Legal and professional fees 
               28  
46 
Other general and administrative expenses 
                2  
2 
30 
48 
 
6. 
INTEREST BEARING LOAN TO PARENT COMPANY 
 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Interest-bearing loan to Parent Company 
3,252,196 
4,259,405 
 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
Presented in the financial statements: 
 
 
Non-current portion 
3,225,265 
3,220,956 
Current portion 
26,931 
1,038,449 
3,252,196 
4,259,405 
 
(i)  
The interest-bearing loan to Parent Company is covered by separate agreements with different terms 
and maturities. The details of the interest-bearing loans as at 31 December are as follows: 
 
Sr. no. 
Facility outstanding amount 
(USD’000) as at 
Maturity 
 
Interest rate 
2023 
2022 
 
 
 
 
1 
- 
1,000,000 
February 2023 
3.25% 
2 
750,000 
750,000 
October 2025 
5.00% 
3 
500,000 
500,000 
January 2028 
3.88% 
4 
500,000 
500,000 
January 2043 
4.50% 
5 
500,000 
500,000 
June 2026 
3.75% 
6 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
April 2031 
2.63% 
 
During the year, the non-cash transaction relates to finance income amounting to USD 128,979 thousand 
(2022: USD 156,875 thousand) as proceeds from finance income are paid directly by the Parent Company to 
the bondholders. Refer to note 9 for further details. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-53

--- Page 296 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
14 
7. 
RELATED PARTIES 
 
Related parties represent the Parent Company and key management personnel of the Company, and entities 
controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by such parties. Pricing policies and terms of these 
transactions are approved by the Company’s management. 
 
Transactions 
 
Transactions with the Parent Company included in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income are as follows: 
 
(a) 
Finance income 
 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
133,416 
162,880 
 
The Parent Company 
 
All expenses were paid by the Parent Company and subsequently recharged to the Company.  
 
(b) 
Amounts due from Parent Company 
 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000  
 
 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
11 
11 
 
Amounts due from Parent Company balance is immaterial. In addition, the balance is unsecured and no 
guarantees have been given or received and no expense has been recognised in the current or prior years for 
bad or doubtful debts in respect of the amounts due from Parent Company.  
 
The Company has interest-bearing loans to Parent Company disclosed in Note 6.  
 
8. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
 
The share capital of the Company consists of 100 ordinary shares of USD 1 each, all of which have been 
authorised, issued and fully paid up. The share capital of the Company amounts to USD 100 (2022: USD 
100) and has not moved since the incorporation of the Company. 
 
9. 
INTEREST BEARING BORROWINGS 
 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Interest-bearing borrowings 
3,252,196 
4,259,405 
 
 
2023 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Presented in the financial statements: 
 
 
Non-current  
    3,225,265  
3,220,956 
Current  
        26,931  
1,038,449 
3,252,196 
4,259,405 
 
F-54

--- Page 297 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
15 
9. 
INTEREST BEARING BORROWINGS (CONTINUED) 
 
The details of the interest-bearing borrowings under Global Medium Term Note Programme as at 31 
December is as follows: 
 
Serial 
no. 
Facility outstanding 
amount (USD’000) 
 as at 
Maturity 
Interest 
rate 
Credit 
Rating 
(S&P) 
Facility details 
2023 
2022 
1 
- 1,000,000 February 2023 3.250% 
A 
USD 5,000,000 (USD 000’s) Global 
Medium-Term Note Programme (“Notes”) 
listed on EuroNext (previously known as 
Irish Stock Exchange).   
First tranche under this programme Loan 3 
amounting to USD 1,000,000 (USD 000’s) 
was issued in December 2012. 
2 
750,000 
750,000 October 2025 
5.000% 
A 
This note is listed in London Stock 
Exchange and was issued in October 2010. 
3 
500,000 
500,000 January 2028 
3.875% 
A 
These dual tranche issuance are listed in 
EuroNext and were made in January 2013 
of USD 500,000 (USD 000’s) each.  
4 
500,000 
500,000 January 2043 
4.500% 
A 
5 
500,000 
500,000 
June 2026 
3.750% 
A 
This tranche is 
listed in 
EuroNext 
amounting to USD 500,000 (USD 000’s) 
was issued in June 2016. 
6 
1,000,000 1,000,000 
April 2031 
2.625% 
A 
USD 1,000,000 (USD’000) bond issued in 
April 2021 for a tenor of 10 years and listed in 
EuroNext. 
 
During the year, the non-cash transaction relates to finance costs amounting to USD 128,979 thousand 
(2022: USD 156,875 thousand), which is paid directly by the Parent Company to the bondholders and 
offsetted against finance income receivable. As of 31 December 2023, there is an available limit of USD 
750,000 thousand under the GMTN programme listed on London stock exchange and a limit of USD 
1,500,000 thousand under the GMTN programme listed on EuroNext. 
 
10. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
Objective and policies 
 
The Company’s principal financial liability comprises of interest-bearing borrowings. The main purpose of 
this financial liability is to raise financing support for the Parent Company’s operations. The Company has 
financial assets relating to amounts due from Parent Company and interest-bearing loan to Parent Company, 
which arise directly from its operations.  
 
The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are market risk, credit risk and liquidity 
risk. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks which are 
summarised below. 
 
F-55

--- Page 298 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
16 
10. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Market risk 
 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange 
rates will affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of 
market risk management is to manage and control the market risk exposure within acceptable parameters, 
while optimising return. The Company does not monitor market risk as the interest bearing loans are held 
to collect contractual cash flows.   
 
Interest rate risk  
 
The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s 
financial assets and liabilities with floating interest rates. Interest rate risk is the risk that the future cash 
flow of a variable interest rate bearing financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in market interest 
rates. The interest-bearing borrowings obtained by the Company are subject to only fixed interest rate, 
therefore the exposure is minimal.  
 
Credit risk 
 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause 
the other party to incur a financial loss. The Company’s exposure to credit risk is as indicated by the carrying 
amount of its assets which consist of amounts due from Parent Company and interest-bearing loans to 
Parent Company. 
 
The Company’s maximum exposure with regard to the amounts due from Parent Company and interest-
bearing loans to Parent Company at the reporting date was USD 3,252,207 thousand (2022: USD 4,259,416 
thousand). 
 
Credit risk grades  
 
Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of default. 
These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. Exposures are subject 
to on-going monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit risk grade.   
 
Based on the currently available exposure shown in the table below, the credit risk grade only relates to the 
Parent Company. The Parent Company’s rating is A as per Standard & Poors and A2 as per Moody’s. 
 
The table below details the credit quality of the Company’s financial assets, as well as the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades: 
 
31 December 2023 
Note 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month 
or lifetime 
ECL 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net 
carrying 
amount 
 
 
 
 
 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to 
Parent Company 
(i) 
A 
(i) 
12 month ECL 
3,252,196 
- 3,252,196 
 
 
31 December 2022 
Note 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month or 
lifetime ECL 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net carrying 
amount 
 
 
 
 
 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to 
Parent Company 
(i) 
A- 
(i) 
12 month ECL 
4,259,405 
- 
4,259,405 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-56

--- Page 299 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
17 
10. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
(i) 
For amounts due from Parent Company and interest-bearing loans to Parent Company, the 
Company has applied the general approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance. The Parent has 
a very high credit rating and no increase in credit risk has been experienced. As a result, the ECL is 
not considered material. The ECL was calculated with consideration of forward looking factors, 
which are based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers and how 
these drivers will affect each other and the credit risk of the borrower. 
 
The details of the interest-bearing borrowings under Global Medium Term Note Programme as at 31 
December is disclosed in Note 9 (i). 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. The 
Company’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have 
sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without 
incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation. 
 
The Company limits its liquidity risk by ensuring shareholder funding is available. The table below 
summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s contractual undiscounted cash flows of financial assets at 
31 December: 
 
Name of the related parties 
Less than  
1 year 
Between 
1 and 5 years 
More than  
5 year 
Total 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2023 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company
124,375 
2,062,552 
1,876,521 
4,063,448 
 
Name of the related parties 
Less than  
1 year 
Between 
1 and 5 years 
More than  
5 year 
Total 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
Year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company             1,128,979              1,636,562  
2,426,886  
5,192,427 
 
The following tables detail the Company's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial 
liabilities with agreed repayment periods. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual 
undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of 
discounting is not significant. 
 
At 31 December 2023 
Effective 
interest rate 
Less than 
1 year 
Between 
1 and 5 years Over 5 years 
Total 
% 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
October 2025 
5.00 
37,500  
780,104                            -  
817,604  
January 2028 
3.875 
19,375  
559,740                             -  
579,115  
January 2043 
4.500 
22,500  
90,000  
816,875 
929,375  
June 2026 
3.750 
18,750 
527,708  
-  
546,458  
April 2031 
2.625 
26,250  
105,000  
1,059,646 
1,190,896 
 
124,375 
2,062,552 
1,876,521 
4,063,448 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-57

--- Page 300 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
18 
10. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2022 
Effective 
interest rate 
Less than 
1 year 
Between 
1 and 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
% 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
October 2025 
5.00 
37,500  
817,604  
-  
855,104  
February 2023 
3.25 
1,004,604  
-  
-  1,004,604  
January 2028 
3.875 
19,375  
77,500  
501,615  
598,490  
January 2043 
4.50 
22,500  
90,000  
839,375  
951,875  
June 2026 
3.75 
18,750  
546,458  
-  
565,208  
April 2031 
2.625 
26,250  
105,000  
1,085,896  
1,217,146  
 
1,128,979  
1,636,562  
2,426,886  
5,192,427  
 
11. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The accounting convention under which 
the financial statements have been prepared is disclosed in Note 2, i.e. historical cost convention. The 
carrying value of the Company’s financial instruments as recorded could therefore be different from the fair 
value.  
 
At December 2023, the Company has notes with a fair value of USD 3,066,066 thousand (2022: USD 
4,063,178 thousand). The notes are listed on the Irish bond market and the fair value of these instruments 
is determined by reference to quoted prices in this market. The market for these bonds is not considered to 
be liquid and consequently the fair value measurement is categorised within level 2 of the fair value 
hierarchy.  
 
The Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial 
instruments by valuation technique. 
 
Level 1: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can 
access at the measurement date 
Level 2: 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets of 
liability, either directly or indirectly 
Level 3: 
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability 
 
The following table shows an analysis of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair 
value but fair value disclosures are required: 
 
Fair value hierarchy  
 
Financial assets 
 
2023 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent 
Company 
3,066,066 
- 
3,066,066 
- 
 
2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company
4,063,178 
- 
4,063,178 
- 
 
 
 
 
F-58

--- Page 301 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
19 
11. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
2023 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
3,066,066 
- 
3,066,066 
- 
 
2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
4,063,178 
- 
4,063,178 
- 
 
There are no transfers among level 1, 2, and 3 during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022. 
 
12. 
CRITICAL JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY  
 
The preparation of the financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and 
disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause the 
assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are reflected 
in the financial statements as they become reasonably determinable.  
 
Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, 
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. No 
significant judgments were made by management during the period.   
 
The Company has undertaken no major estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a 
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.  
 
13. 
RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
The table below details changes in the Company’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both 
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are for which cash flows were, or 
future cash flows will be, classified in the Company’s statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing 
activities. 
 
1 January 
2023 
Financing 
cash flows (i) 
Non-cash 
changes (ii) 
31 December 
2023 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings (Note 9) 
4,259,405 
- 
(1,007,209) 
3,252,196 
 
1 January  
2022 
Financing  
cash flows (i) 
Non-cash 
changes (ii) 
31 December 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings (Note 9) 
4,253,400 
- 
6,005
4,259,405 
 
(i)  
The cash flows from financing activities, in the statement of cash flows, pertain to the finance costs 
paid and repayments made during the year; and 
 
(ii)  
The non-cash changes pertain to the accrual of finance costs, amortisation of deferred financing 
costs and repayment to bondholders. Repayments are made by the Parent Company directly to 
bondholders.  
 
F-59

--- Page 302 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Bermuda 
 
Financial statements and  
Independent auditor’s report 
For the year ended 31 December 2022
F-60

--- Page 303 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
    PAGE (S)  
 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
1 - 3  
Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
  4 
Statement of financial position                                                                                           
  5  
Statement of changes in equity 
6 
Statement of cash flows 
7 
Notes to the financial statements 
   8 - 20 
F-61

--- Page 304 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch, P.O.Box: 6689, Doha, Qatar. 
Ministry of Commerce and Industry License number 6 / Qatar Financial Markets Authority License number 
120155 T: +974 4419 2777, F:+974 4467 7528, www.pwc.com/me  
Independent auditor's report to the shareholders of Ooredoo 
International Finance Limited 
 
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Our opinion 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited (the "Company") as at 31 December 2022, and its financial 
performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). 
 
What we have audited 
 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited’s financial statements comprise: 
• 
the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 
2022; 
• 
the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022; 
• 
the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended; 
• 
the statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and 
• 
the notes to the financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information. 
 
Basis for opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the 
audit of the financial statements section of our report. 
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion. 
 
Independence 
 
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the 
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements that 
are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the State of Qatar. We have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with IESBA Code and the ethical requirements in the State of 
Qatar.  
 
Our audit approach 
Overview 
 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where the Directors made 
subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making 
assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also 
addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other matters 
consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement 
due to fraud. 
 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion 
on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Company, the accounting 
processes and controls, and the industry in which the Company operates.
F-62

--- Page 305 ---
2 
Key audit matters  
 
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to communicate in our report. 
 
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the financial statements 
 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in 
accordance with IFRS and with the requirements of the Companies Act 1981, and for such internal 
control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's ability 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the 
going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to 
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting 
process. 
 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report 
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in 
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of these financial statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control. 
 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control. 
 
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our 
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to 
cease to continue as a going concern. 
 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
F-63

--- Page 306 ---
3 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine 
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so 
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.  
For and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers - Qatar Branch 
Mark Menton 
Auditor’s registration number 364 
Doha, State of Qatar 
23 January 2024
F-64

--- Page 307 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
4 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
Note 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
Finance income 
7(a) 
162,880 
161,433 
Management fee income 
52 
35 
Finance cost 
4 
(162,880) 
(161,433)
General and administrative expenses 
5 
(48) 
(33)
Profit before tax 
4 
2 
Income tax 
(3) 
(2)
Net profit for the year 
1 
- 
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
1 
- 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-3. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 8 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
F-65

--- Page 308 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022
(All amounts are expressed i,1 United State Dollars unless otherwise stated)
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As A1'310ECEMIIER 
Note 
2022 
USD'ooo 
ASSETS 
Non-current asset 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company 
6 
3,220,956 
Current assets 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company 
6 
1,038,449 
Amounts due from Parent Company 
7(b) 
11 
10 8 60 
Tot.al assets 
4,259,416 
EQUITY AND LlABILITJES 
EQUITY 
Share capital 
8 
Shareholclcl"s contribution 
Retained earnings 
2 
Total equlty 
2, 
LIABlLITffiS 
Non-current liability 
Interest bearing borrowings 
9 
3,220,956 
Current liabilities 
Interest bearing borrowings 
9 
1,038,449 
Accn1ed expenses 
6 
Income tax pa)!ablc 
Total liabilities 
Total cquiè and liabilities 
2
221!16 
2021 
USD'ooo 
4,216.519 
36,881 
9 
68 o 
4,253,409
I 
4,216,519 
36,881 
4 
2 
4,2fi3,409 
The financial statements on pages 4 to 20 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors and were 
signed on its behalf by: 
Independent auditor's report is set ont in pages 1-3. 
Sean Michael Borejszo 
Director 
The accompanying notes set ont in pages 8 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
5 
F-66

--- Page 309 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
6 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
Share 
capital 
Shareholder’s 
contribution 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
At 1 January 2021* 
- 
- 
1 
1 
Total comprehensive income 
for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
At 31 December 2021* 
- 
- 
1 
1 
At 1 January 2022* 
- 
- 
1 
1 
Total comprehensive income
for the year 
- 
- 
1 
1 
At 31 December 2022* 
- 
- 
2 
2 
*The capital amounted to USD 100 which has not moved since the incorporation of the Company.
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-3. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 8 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements.
F-67

--- Page 310 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited
Financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
7 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER
Note 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Profit before tax 
4 
2 
Adjustments for: 
Finance income 
7(a) 
(162,880) 
(161,433) 
Finance cost 
4 
162,880 
161,433 
Working capital changes: 
Amounts due from Parent Company 
(2) 
(2) 
Movement in accrued expenses 
2 
- 
Cash generated from operations 
4 
- 
Income tax paid 
(4) 
- 
Net cash generated from operating activities 
- 
- 
Cash flow from investing activity 
Interest bearing loan to Parent Company 
-
(989,220)
Net cash used in investing activity 
-
(989,220)
Cash flow from financing activity 
Interest bearing borrowings 
-
989,220
Net cash generated from financing activity 
-
989,220
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
- 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
- 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
- 
- 
Refer to Notes 6 and 9 for details of non-cash transactions. 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-3. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 8 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements.
F-68

--- Page 311 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
8 
1.
REPORTING ENTITY
Ooredoo International Finance Limited (the “Company”) was registered as an exempt company with 
limited liability on 8 May 2009. The Company was incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies Act 
1981. The Company’s registration number is 43194 and its registered office is at Canon’s Court, 22 
Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 12. 
The Company is a fully owned subsidiary of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (“the Parent Company”), a Qatari Public 
Shareholding Company listed on the Qatar Exchange. The Parent company’s registered office is at P.O. 
Box 217, Ooredoo building, 100 West Bay Tower, Doha, Qatar.  
Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the Parent Company of the Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. Qatar Holding L.L.C. is controlled 
by Qatar Investment Authority – the sovereign wealth fund of the State of Qatar – (the “Ultimate 
parent”). 
The purpose of Ooredoo International Finance Limited is to raise notes and capital for the Parent 
Company’s financing requirements. The Company is only operating in one segment. 
The financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 were authorised for 
issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company on 23 January 
2024.
2.
BASIS OF PREPARATION
2.1
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and Articles of 
Association of the Company. 
There is no corporate tax on income, profit, capital, capital gains or capital appreciation in Bermuda. 
2.2  
BASIS OF MEASUREMENT 
The financial statements are prepared under the historical cost basis. 
2.3  
FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY 
The functional currency of the Company is the Qatari Riyals (“QAR”) and its presentation currency is 
the United States Dollar (“USD”). 
The functional currency was determined in accordance with IAS 21 'The Effects of Changes in Foreign 
Exchange Rates' according to the primary and secondary factors that establish an entity’s functional 
currency, as well as additional factors for determining the functional currency of a foreign operation. 
The primary activities of the Company are considered to be carried out as an extension of the reporting 
entity, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (Parent Company). They are therefore carried out without a significant degree 
of autonomy. Consequently, the functional currency of the Company is considered as that of the Parent 
Company. 
2.4
USE OF ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS 
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make 
judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these 
estimates. 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised in the year in which the estimate is revised and in any future years affected. 
In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments in 
applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the 
financial statements is included in Note 12.
F-69

--- Page 312 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
9 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
3.1. 
APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS 
(IFRS)  
 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all the periods presented in 
these financial statements and have been applied consistently by the Company. 
 
3.1.1  NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS ADOPTED BY THE COMPANY 
 
A number of new or amended standards became applicable for the current reporting period, and the 
Company has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual 
reporting period commencing 1 January 2022:  
  
•        Property, Plant & Equipment: proceeds before intended use – Amendments to IAS 16; 
•        Reference to the conceptual framework – Amendments to IFRS 3; 
•        Onerous contracts – cost of fulfilling a contract, amendments to IAS 37; and 
•        Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020. 
  
The amendments listed above did not have a material impact on the amounts recognised in the prior 
or current period.  
 
3.1.2  NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS NOT YET ADOPTED 
 
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Company. 
The management is in the process of assessing the potential impact on the entity in the current or/and 
future reporting periods. 
 
3.2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
Revenue recognition  
 
Finance income  
 
Finance income is accrued on a time basis with reference to the principal outstanding and at the 
effective interest rate applicable. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised 
cost of financial asset and liability and of allocating interest income and expense over the relevant 
period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts 
(including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction 
costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where 
appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition. 
 
Expenses 
 
Finance cost 
 
The Company bears finance cost on the interest-bearing borrowings that it has obtained. These 
settlements of finance cost take the form of an outflow or depletion of assets such as cash and cash 
equivalents and are recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the period they are incurred.  
 
Other expenses arise in the ordinary course of the operations of the Company. These usually take the 
form of an outflow or depletion of assets such as cash in bank. Expenses are recognised in profit or loss 
in the period they are incurred. 
 
Financial instruments 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Company’s statement of financial position 
when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 
 
 
F-70

--- Page 313 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
10 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
 
3.2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than 
financial assets and finagoingncial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or 
deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial 
recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in the statement of profit or 
loss.  
 
(a)  
Financial assets 
 
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or 
fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.  
 
Classification of financial assets  
 
The Company classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories: 
• 
those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit or loss), and 
• 
those to be measured at amortised cost. 
 
The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the 
contractual terms of the cash flows and whether it gives rise cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amounts outstanding. The Company reclassifies debt 
investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.  
 
All financial assets have been classified as amortised cost. 
 
Impairment of financial assets 
 
The Company recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on due from related parties and 
bank balances. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes 
in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument. 
 
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over 
the expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime 
ECL that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 
months after the reporting date. 
 
The Company applies the general approach for interest bearing loan to parent company. 
 
(i)  
Significant increase in credit risk 
 
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition, the Company compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the 
reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial 
recognition. In making this assessment, the Company considers both quantitative and qualitative 
information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking 
information that is available without undue cost or effort.  
 
The Company assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt 
instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on 
whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.  
 
The Company regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are 
capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.  
 
 
F-71

--- Page 314 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
11 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
(ii)  
Credit-impaired financial assets 
 
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the 
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is 
credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events: 
 
(a) 
significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; 
(b) 
a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see (ii) above); 
(c) 
the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s 
financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not 
otherwise consider; 
(d) 
it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial 
reorganisation; or 
(e) 
the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties. 
 
(iii)  
Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses 
 
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default 
and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based 
on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. As for the exposure at default, for financial 
assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date. 
 
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash 
flows that are due to the Company in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the 
Company expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. 
 
(iv)  
Write-off policy 
 
The Company writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is 
in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.  
 
Derecognition of financial assets 
 
The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all 
the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company 
recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. 
If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial 
asset, the Company continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised 
borrowing for the proceeds received.  
 
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s 
carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or 
loss.   
 
(b)  
Financial liabilities 
 
All financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost   
 
Financial liabilities, that are not designated at FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method.  
 
 
 
F-72

--- Page 315 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
12 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of 
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part 
of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected 
life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial 
liability. 
 
Derecognition of financial liabilities 
 
The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Company’s obligations are 
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial 
liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.  
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
 
Interest bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value of the consideration received, less 
directly attributable transaction costs.  Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing borrowings 
are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Instalments due within one year at 
amortised cost are shown as a current liability. Gains or losses are recognised in the statement of profit 
or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the amortisation process. Finance costs 
are recognised as an expense when incurred except those which qualify for capitalisation.  
 
Interest payable 
 
Interest payable is recognised for amounts to be paid in the future for interest accrued on the interest-
bearing borrowings obtained by the Company. 
 
Share capital 
 
The shares issued by the Company at the time of registration consist only of ordinary shares and have 
been classified as share capital under equity. 
 
Foreign currencies transactions 
 
The financial statements of the Company are measured in the currency of the primary economic 
environment in which the Company operates. The functional currency of the Company is the Qatari 
Riyals (“QAR”) and its presentation currency is the United States Dollar ("USD").  
 
The functional currency was determined in accordance with IAS 21 'The Effects of Changes in Foreign 
Exchange Rates' according to the primary and secondary factors that establish an entity’s functional 
currency, as well as additional factors for determining the functional currency of a foreign operation. 
The primary activities of the Company are considered to be carried out as an extension of the reporting 
entity, Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (Parent Company). They are therefore carried out without a significant degree 
of autonomy. Consequently, the functional currency of the Company is considered as that of the Parent 
Company.  
 
Transactions in a currency other than the functional currency (“foreign currency”) are translated into 
the functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Currency exchange 
differences resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the closing rates at the statement of financial 
position date are recognised in profit or loss. Exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in 
the period in which they arise.      
 
F-73

--- Page 316 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
13 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Translation from functional currency to presentation currency is performed as follows: 
 
(i) 
assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the 
closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position; 
(ii) 
income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates 
(unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates 
prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at 
the rate on the dates of the transactions); and 
(iii) 
all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated as a component of equity. 
 
Events after the reporting date 
 
The financial statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the reporting date and the 
date when the financial statements are authorised for issue, provided they give evidence of conditions 
that existed at the reporting date. 
 
4. 
FINANCE COSTS 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Interest expenses 
         156,875  
155,799 
Amortised finance costs 
             6,005  
5,634 
162,880 
161,433 
 
5. 
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Legal and professional fees 
46 
31 
Other general and administrative expenses 
2 
2 
48 
33 
 
6. 
INTEREST BEARING LOAN TO PARENT COMPANY 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Face value of loan 
4,250,000 
4,250,000 
Interest receivables 
42,886 
42,886 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(33,481)
(39,486)
4,259,405 
4,253,400 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Presented in the financial statements: 
 
 
Non-current portion 
3,220,956 
4,216,519 
Current portion 
1,038,449 
36,881 
4,259,405 
4,253,400 
 
 
 
F-74

--- Page 317 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
14 
6. 
INTEREST BEARING LOAN TO PARENT COMPANY (CONTINUED) 
 
(i)  
The details of the interest-bearing borrowings as at 31 December are as follows: 
 
Sr. no. 
Facility outstanding amount 
(USD’000) as at 
Maturity 
 
Interest rate 
2022 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
- 
- 
February 2021 
4.75% 
2 
750,000 
750,000 
October 2025 
5.00% 
3 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
February 2023 
3.25% 
4 
500,000 
500,000 
January 2028 
3.88% 
5 
500,000 
500,000 
January 2043 
4.50% 
6 
500,000 
500,000 
June 2026 
3.75% 
7 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
April 2031 
2.63% 
 
 
 
During the year, the non-cash transaction related to finance income amounted to USD 156,875 
thousand (2021: USD 155,799 thousand). 
 
7. 
RELATED PARTIES 
 
Related parties represent the Parent Company and key management personnel of the Company, and 
entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by such parties. Pricing policies and 
terms of these transactions are approved by the Company’s management. 
 
Transactions 
 
Transactions with the Parent Company included in the statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income are as follows: 
 
(a) 
Finance income 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
162,880 
161,433 
 
The Parent Company 
 
All expenses were paid by the Parent Company and subsequently recharged to the Company. 
 
(b) 
Amounts due from Parent Company 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000  
 
 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
11 
9 
 
Amounts due from Parent Company balance is immaterial. In addition, the balance is unsecured and 
no guarantees have been given or received and no expense has been recognised in the current or prior 
years for bad or doubtful debts in respect of the amounts due from Parent Company.  
 
The Company has an interest-bearing loan to Parent Company disclosed in Note 6.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-75

--- Page 318 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
15 
8. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
 
The share capital of the Company consists of 100 ordinary shares of USD 1 each, all of which have been 
authorised, issued and fully paid up. The share capital of the Company amounts to USD 100 (2021: 
USD 100) and has not moved since the incorporation of the Company. 
 
9. 
INTEREST BEARING BORROWINGS 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Global Medium Term Note Programme (i) 
4,250,000 
4,250,000 
Interest payable 
42,886 
42,886 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(33,481) 
(39,486)
4,259,405 
4,253,400 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
Presented in the financial statements: 
 
 
 
 
Non-current  
3,220,956 
4,216,519 
Current  
1,038,449 
36,881 
4,259,405 
4,253,400 
 
The deferred financing costs consist of arrangement and commitment fees. The movements in deferred 
financing costs were as follows: 
 
2022 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
At 1 January 
(39,486) 
(29,340)
Additions during the year 
- 
(15,780)
Amortised during the year  
6,005 
5,634 
At 31 December 
(33,481) 
(39,486)
 
(i) 
The details of the interest-bearing borrowings under Global Medium Term Note Programme 
as at 31 December is as follows: 
 
Serial 
no. 
Facility outstanding 
amount (USD’000) 
 as at 
Maturity 
Interest 
rate 
Credit 
Rating 
(S&P) 
Facility details 
2022 
2021 
1 
- 
- February 2021 
4.75% 
A- 
The second tranche covering Loans 1 
and 2 amounting to USD 1,750,000 
(USD 000’s) was issued in October 
2010. 
2 
750,000 
750,000 October 2025 
5.00% 
A- 
3 
1,000,000 1,000,000 February 2023 
3.25% 
A- 
USD 3,000,000 (USD 000’s) Global 
Medium-Term Note Programme 
(“Notes”) listed on Irish Stock Exchange.   
First tranche under this programme Loan 
3 amounting to USD 1,000,000 (USD 
000’s) was issued in December 2012. 
4 
500,000 
500,000 January 2028 
3.88% 
A- 
A further dual tranche issuance was made 
in January 2013 covering Loans 4 and 5 
of USD 500,000 (USD 000’s) each.  
5 
500,000 
500,000 January 2043 
4.50% 
A- 
6 
500,000 
500,000 
June 2026 
3.75% 
A- 
A third tranche covering Loan 6 
amounting to USD 500,000 (USD 000’s) 
was issued in June 2016. 
7 
1,000,000 1,000,000 
April 2031 
2.63% 
A- 
USD 1,000,000 (USD’000) bond issued in 
April 2021 for a tenor of 10 years. 
 
F-76

--- Page 319 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
16 
9. INTEREST BEARING BORROWINGS (CONTINUED) 
 
During the year, the non-cash transaction related to finance cost amounted to USD 156,875 thousand 
(2021: USD 155,799 thousand). As of 31 December 2022, there is an unwithdrawn amount of USD 
0.75bn Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
 
10. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
Objective and policies 
 
The Company’s principal financial liability comprises of interest-bearing borrowings. The main 
purpose of this financial liability is to raise financing support for the Company’s operations. The 
Company has financial assets relating to amounts due from Parent Company and interest-bearing loan 
to Parent Company, which arise directly from its operations.  
 
The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are market risk, credit risk and 
liquidity risk. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks which 
are summarised below. 
 
Market risk 
 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency 
exchange rates will affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. 
The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk exposure within 
acceptable parameters, while optimising return. The Company does not monitor market risk as the 
interest bearing loans are held to collect contractual cash flows.   
 
Interest rate risk  
 
The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the 
Company’s financial assets and liabilities with floating interest rates. Interest rate risk is the risk that 
the future cash flow of a variable interest rate bearing financial instruments will fluctuate due to 
changes in market interest rates. The interest-bearing borrowings obtained by the Company are subject 
to only fixed interest rate, therefore the exposure is minimal.  
 
Credit risk 
 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and 
cause the other party to incur a financial loss. The Company’s exposure to credit risk is as indicated by 
the carrying amount of its assets which consist of amounts due from Parent Company and interest-
bearing loans to Parent Company. 
 
The Company’s maximum exposure with regard to the amounts due from Parent Company and 
interest-bearing loans to Parent Company at the reporting date was USD 4,259,416 thousand (2021: 
USD 4,253,409 thousand). 
 
Credit risk grades  
 
Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of 
default. These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. Exposures 
are subject to on-going monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit 
risk grade.   
 
Based on the currently available exposure shown in the table below, the credit risk grade only relates to 
the Parent Company. The parent company’s rating is A-. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-77

--- Page 320 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
17 
10. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Credit risk (continued) 
 
The table below details the credit quality of the Company’s financial assets, as well as the Company’s 
maximum exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades: 
 
31 December 
2022 
Note 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month 
or lifetime 
ECL 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net 
carrying 
amount 
 
 
 
 
 USD’000 USD’000 USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing 
loan to Parent 
Company 
(i) 
N/A 
(i) 
12 month 
ECL 
4,259,405 
- 4,259,405 
 
31 December 2021 Note 
External 
credit 
rating 
Internal 
credit 
rating 
12-month or 
lifetime ECL 
Gross 
carrying 
amount  
Loss 
allowance 
Net 
carrying 
amount 
 
 
 
 
 
USD’000 
USD’000 USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing 
loan to Parent 
Company 
(i) 
N/A 
(i) 
12 month 
ECL 
4,253,400 
- 4,253,400 
 
(i) 
For amounts due from Parent Company and interest-bearing loans to Parent Company, the 
Company has applied the general approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance. The Parent 
has a very high credit rating and no increase in credit risk has been experienced. As a result, 
the ECL is not considered material. The ECL was calculated with consideration of forward 
looking factors, which are based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic 
drivers and how these drivers will affect each other and the credit risk of the borrower. 
 
The details of the interest-bearing borrowings under Global Medium Term Note Programme as at 31 
December is disclosed in Note 9 (i). 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. 
The Company’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always 
have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, 
without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation. 
 
The Company limits its liquidity risk by ensuring shareholder funding is available. The table below 
summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s financial assets at 31 December: 
 
Name of the related parties 
Less than  
1 year 
2-5 years  
More than  
5 year 
Total 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent 
Company 
1,042,886 
1,250,000 
2,000,000 
4,292,886 
1,042,886 
1,250,000 
2,000,000 
4,292,886 
 
Name of the related parties 
Less than  
1 year 
2-5 years  
More than  
5 year 
Total 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent 
Company 
42,895 
2,250,000 
2,000,000 
4,292,895 
42,895 
2,250,000 
2,000,000 
4,292,895 
F-78

--- Page 321 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
18 
10. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Liquidity risk (continued) 
 
The following tables detail the Company's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative 
financial liabilities with agreed repayment periods. The amounts disclosed in the table are the 
contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances as 
the impact of discounting is not significant. 
 
At 31 December 
2022 
Effective  
interest rate 
Less than 
1 year 
Between 
1 and 5 years Over 5 years 
Total 
% 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
October 2025 
5.00 
 37,500  
825,000 
- 
 862,500  
February 2023 
3.25 
 1,016,250  
- 
-  1,016,250  
January 2028 
3.88 
 19,375  
77,500 
 509,688  
 606,563  
January 2043 
4.50 
 22,500  
90,000 
 848,750  
 961,250  
June 2026 
3.75 
 18,750  
 546,875  
- 
 565,625  
April 2031 
2.63 
 26,250  
 105,000  
1,091,875  1,223,125  
 
1,140,625 
1,644,375 
2,450,313 5,235,313 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2021 
Effective  
interest rate 
Less than 
1 year 
Between 
1 and 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
% 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
 
October 2025 
5.00 
37,500 
862,500 
- 
900,000 
February 2023 
3.25 
32,500 
1,016,250 
- 
1,048,750 
January 2028 
3.88 
19,375 
77,500 
529,063 
625,938 
January 2043 
4.50 
22,500 
90,000 
871,250 
983,750 
June 2026 
3.75 
18,750 
565,625 
- 
584,375 
April 2031 
2.63 
26,250 
105,000 
1,118,125 
1,249,375 
 
156,875 
2,716,875 
2,518,438 
5,392,188 
 
11. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The accounting convention under 
which the financial statements have been prepared is disclosed in Note 2, i.e. historical cost convention. 
The carrying value of the Company’s financial instruments as recorded could therefore be different from 
the fair value.  
 
At December 2022, the Company has notes with a fair value of USD 4,063,178 thousand (2021: USD 
4,561,700 thousand). The notes are listed on the Irish bond market and the fair value of these 
instruments is determined by reference to quoted prices in this market. The market for these bonds is 
not considered to be liquid and consequently the fair value measurement is categorised within level 2 
of the fair value hierarchy.  
 
The Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial 
instruments by valuation technique. 
 
Level 1: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group 
can access at the measurement date 
Level 2: 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets of 
liability, either directly or indirectly 
Level 3: 
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability 
 
The following table shows an analysis of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured 
at fair value but fair value disclosures are required: 
 
 
 
F-79

--- Page 322 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
19 
11. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Fair value hierarchy  
 
Financial assets 
 
2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent 
Company 
 
4,063,178 
 
- 
4,063,178 
- 
 
2021 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing loan to Parent 
Company 
4,561,700 
- 
4,561,700 
- 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
4,063,178 
- 
4,063,178 
- 
 
2021 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings 
4,561,700 
- 
4,561,700 
- 
 
There are no transfers among level 1, 2, and 3 as at 31 December 2022. 
 
12. 
CRITICAL JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY  
 
The preparation of the financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses 
and disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause 
the assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are 
reflected in the financial statements as they become reasonably determinable.  
 
Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other 
factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances. No significant judgments were made by management during the period.   
 
The Company has undertaken no major estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of 
causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial 
year. 
F-80

--- Page 323 ---
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in United State Dollars unless otherwise stated) 
 
20 
13. 
RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
The table below details changes in the Company’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including 
both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are for which cash flows 
were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Company’s statement of cash flows as cash flows from 
financing activities. 
 
1 January 
2022 
Financing 
cash flows (i) 
Non-cash 
changes (ii) 
31 December 
2022 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings (Note 9)
4,253,400 
- 
6,005 
4,259,405 
 
1 January  
2021 
Financing cash 
flows (i) 
Non-cash 
changes (ii) 
31 December 
2021 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
USD’000 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing borrowings (Note 9)
4,275,247 
989,220 
(1,011,067)
4,253,400 
 
(i)  
The cash flows from financing activities, in the statement of cash flows, pertain to the finance 
cost paid and repayments made during the year; and 
 
(ii)  
The non-cash changes pertain to the accrual of finance cost, amortisation of deferred financing 
cost and repayment to bondholders. Repayments are made by the Parent Company directly to 
bondholders.  
 
 
 
F-81

--- Page 324 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Doha – Qatar 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements  
And Independent Auditor’s Report  
For The Year Ended 31 December 2023 
 
F-82

--- Page 325 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
 
 
CONTENTS 
   PAGE(S) 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report _________________________________________1-7 
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss___________________________________ 8 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ____________________________9 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position _____________________________10-11 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity _____________________________12-13 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows __________________________________14-15 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements __________________________ 16-100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-83

--- Page 326 ---
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch, P.O.Box: 6689, Doha, Qatar.  
Ministry of Commerce and Industry License number 6 / Qatar Financial Markets Authority License number 120155  
T: +974 4419 2777, F:+974 4467 7528, www.pwc.com/me 
1 
 
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Our opinion  
 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the 
consolidated financial position of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the 
“Group”) as at 31 December 2023, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash 
flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. 
 
What we have audited 
The Group's consolidated financial statements comprise: 
• 
the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2023; 
• 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended; 
• 
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023; 
• 
the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended; 
• 
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and 
• 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy 
information and other explanatory information. 
Basis for opinion  
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the 
audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion. 
Independence 
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the consolidated financial statements in the State of Qatar. We have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with IESBA Code and the ethical requirements in the State of Qatar. 
Our audit approach 
Overview 
Key audit matters  
• 
Revenue recognition and related complex IT systems; 
• 
Carrying value of cash generating units, including goodwill; and 
• 
Accounting treatment for uncertain tax exposures, regulatory and pending litigation exposures in 
the various markets that the Group operates in. 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where the Directors  
made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved 
making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, 
we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other matters 
consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement 
due to fraud.  
 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion 
on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the 
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates.
F-84

--- Page 327 ---
2 
Our audit approach (Continued) 
 
Key audit matters  
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in 
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the Key audit matter 
Revenue recognition and related complex 
IT systems 
 
The Group reported revenue of QR. 
23,163,709 
thousand 
from 
telecommunication related activities. 
 
We considered this area to be a matter of 
most significance, as there is an inherent 
risk around the recognition of revenue in 
telecommunication services given that 
revenue is processed by complex IT 
systems involving large volumes of data 
with a combination of different products, 
services, and related prices. In addition, 
the application of the revenue accounting 
standard is complex and involves several 
key judgements and estimates. This 
resulted in a significant portion of our 
audit effort directed towards this area and 
related IT systems. 
 
Refer to the following notes to the 
consolidated financial statements for 
detail: 
 
• 
Note 3: Material accounting policy 
information; 
• 
Note 4: Revenue; and 
• 
Note 43: Significant accounting 
judgements and estimates. 
 
 
 
We performed audit procedures over this significant 
risk area, which included a combination of tests of 
controls and substantive procedures as described 
below: 
 
• 
We obtained an understanding of the various 
significant revenue streams and identified the 
relevant controls, IT systems, interfaces and 
reports. 
 
• 
We assessed the Group's revenue accounting 
policies, including the key judgements and 
estimates applied by management in applying the 
requirements of IFRS 15. 
 
• 
We placed reliance on the Group’s IT systems and 
key internal controls. We involved our internal 
Information Technology specialists to assist us with 
testing the IT general controls and application 
controls of IT systems connected with the 
processing 
of 
transactions 
associated 
with 
significant revenue streams. 
 
• 
We performed automated and manual controls 
testing and substantive procedures, to verify the 
accuracy and occurrence of revenue. This included 
testing the end-to-end reconciliations from data 
records extracted from source systems to the billing 
systems and to the general ledger. 
 
• 
We used data analytic tools to identify revenue 
related manual journals posted to the general ledger 
and traced them to source systems and traced them 
to supporting documentation to ensure validity. 
  
• 
We performed analytical procedures and evaluated 
underlying source documentation to test the 
completeness, accuracy and validity of the postings, 
including those journals we considered unusual in 
nature. 
 
• 
We tested calls using various parameters to 
ascertain the instances will accurately be processed 
through 
the 
network 
elements 
and 
until 
recognition. 
 
• 
We also assessed the adequacy of the Group’s 
disclosures in respect to revenue. 
F-85

--- Page 328 ---
3 
 
Carrying value of cash generating units, 
including goodwill 
 
The Group’s net assets include goodwill 
and license costs at the reporting date with 
a carrying value of QR. 4,582,771 thousand 
and QR. 9,976,434 thousand respectively. 
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 
36 'Impairment of Assets' requires that 
goodwill 
acquired 
in 
a 
business 
combination to be tested for impairment at 
least annually. Moreover, the net assets 
include investments in associates and joint 
ventures with a carrying value of QR. 
7,085,027 thousand as of that date. 
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 
28 'Investments in associates and joint 
ventures' requires equity accounted for 
investments to be assessed for impairment 
where indicators of impairment are 
present. 
In 
addition, 
some 
of 
the 
businesses that these balances relate to 
operate in countries experiencing political 
instability 
and/or 
difficult 
economic 
conditions. There is a potential risk that 
these businesses may not trade in line with 
expectations and forecasts, resulting in an 
impairment. The Group’s assessment of 
the value in use (“ViU”) of its cash 
generating 
units 
(“CGUs”) 
involves 
estimation about the future performance 
of the respective businesses. In particular, 
the determination of the ViU is sensitive to 
the significant assumptions of projected 
earnings 
before 
interest, 
taxes, 
depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 
growth, long-term growth rates, and 
discount rates. As a result of the 
impairment 
tests 
performed, 
an 
impairment of Goodwill amounting to QR. 
525 million and impairment of investment 
in associates amounting to QR. 79 million 
were recognised during the year ended 31 
December 2023. 
 
We considered the Group’s impairment 
assessment to be a matter of most 
significance to the current year audit due 
to 
the 
significant 
judgements 
and 
assumptions made by management in 
performing the impairment assessments. 
 
Refer to the following notes to the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
for 
detail: 
 
Note 
43: 
Significant 
accounting 
judgements and estimates; 
Note 13: Intangible assets and goodwill; 
and 
Note 16: Investment in associates and joint 
ventures. 
 
 
 
We performed audit procedures over this significant 
risk area, which included a combination of tests of 
controls and substantive procedures as described 
below: 
 
• 
We obtained an understanding of the business 
process for the impairment assessment, identifying 
the relevant internal controls and testing their 
design, 
implementation, 
and 
operating 
effectiveness of controls over the impairment 
process. 
 
• 
We tested the mathematical accuracy of the 
valuation models used by management. We also 
assessed the appropriateness of the valuation 
methodology (discounted cash flows model) 
applied by management, with reference to market 
practice and the requirements of International 
Accounting Standard (IAS) 36 'Impairment of 
Assets'. 
 
• 
We assessed the reliability of the Group’s budgets 
included in the business plans (which form the 
basis of the cash flow forecasts), by comparing 
current period budgets to actual results and 
evaluating differences noted against underlying 
documentation and explanations obtained from 
management. We also agreed revenue and 
(EBITDA) used to calculate cash flow forecasts to 
approved budgets and/or business plans. 
 
• 
We utilised internal valuations specialists at the 
Group and component levels (where deemed 
necessary) to support us in assessing the 
assumptions 
and 
methodology 
used 
by 
management, and in particular, we independently 
calculated the weighted average cost of capital and 
terminal growth rates for each significant cash 
generating unit. 
 
• 
We performed sensitivity analyses to determine the 
changes in key assumptions, namely, discount 
rates, terminal growth rates and forecast cash flows 
that would result in an impairment. We considered 
whether such changes were reasonably likely. 
 
• 
We also assessed the adequacy of the related 
disclosures provided in Note 13 and Note 16 to the 
consolidated financial statements, in particular the 
sensitivity disclosures in relation to reasonably 
possible changes in assumptions that could result 
in impairment. 
F-86

--- Page 329 ---
4 
 
 
Accounting treatment for uncertain tax 
exposures, 
regulatory 
and 
pending 
litigation 
exposures 
in 
the 
various 
markets that the Group operates in 
 
The Group operates across multiple tax 
and regulatory jurisdictions and due to the 
inherent nature of exposures, rulings 
issued, assessments by tax and regulatory 
authorities 
and 
litigation 
in 
certain 
markets, the Group is exposed to various 
tax, legal and regulatory matters. 
 
In 
accounting 
for 
these 
matters, 
management 
applies 
significant 
judgement in estimating the provisions 
and related disclosures in accordance with 
IFRS Accounting Standards. 
 
We considered the accounting treatment 
for uncertain tax exposures, regulatory 
and pending litigation exposures in the 
various markets that the Group operates in 
to be a matter of most significance to the 
current year’s audit due to the magnitude, 
complexity and nature of these exposures, 
such 
that 
a 
significant 
level 
of 
management judgement is required in 
interpreting 
specific 
tax 
legislation, 
country specific laws and regulatory 
provisions or practices to determine 
whether a liability is required to be 
recognised or a contingent liability to be 
disclosed. 
 
Refer to the following notes to the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
for 
detail: 
 
• 
Note 38: Commitments, contingent 
liabilities and litigations; 
• 
Note 
43: 
Significant 
accounting 
judgements and estimates; and 
• 
Note 42: Provisions. 
 
 
 
 
 
In response to the significant risk associated with the 
accounting treatment of uncertain tax exposures, 
regulatory and pending litigation, we performed the 
following procedures: 
 
• 
We obtained an understanding of the Group's 
policies in addressing tax, legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
 
• 
We 
assessed 
the 
adequacy 
of 
the 
design, 
implementation, 
and 
tested 
the 
operating 
effectiveness of controls over legal, regulatory, and 
tax registers, which includes the type of claim, 
amount, provision, and calculation of net exposure. 
 
• 
We held discussions with the Group's tax, legal and 
regulatory 
teams 
to 
evaluate 
management’s 
assessment of the potential outcome of significant 
exposures and we also discussed with management 
the facts and circumstances surrounding the 
significant exposures of the Group in order to 
evaluate the reasonableness of management’s 
conclusions. 
 
• 
We held discussions and reviewed reporting 
deliverables from our component audit teams in 
relation to significant exposures in overseas 
subsidiaries. Our component teams also utilised 
relevant local tax and/or legal experts as necessary 
in arriving at their conclusions. 
 
• 
We obtained and reviewed external legal and tax 
opinions, legal confirmations and other relevant 
documents supporting management's conclusions 
on these matters. Where necessary, we held 
discussions with management’s legal department 
regarding material cases. 
 
• 
With the support of our component audit teams, we 
evaluated in-country management’s tax, legal and 
regulatory exposures assessment reports for 
consistency with reports prepared by Group 
management. 
 
• 
We also assessed the adequacy of the related 
disclosures provided in Note 38 and Note 42 to the 
consolidated financial statements. 
F-87

--- Page 330 ---
5 
Other information 
 
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
Chairman’s message (but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the complete annual 
report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date. 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do 
not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.  
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the 
audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of 
this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
When we read the complete annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, 
we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance. 
Responsibilities of Directors and those charged with governance for the consolidated 
financial statements 
 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and with the requirements of the Qatar 
Commercial Companies Law number 11 of 2015, as amended by Law number 8 of 2021 and for such 
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated 
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the 
Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group 
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process. 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and 
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.  
F-88

--- Page 331 ---
6 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
(Continued) 
 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Group's internal control. 
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors. 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If 
we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease 
to continue as a going concern. 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.  
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and 
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication. 
 
 
F-89

--- Page 332 ---
7 
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 
 
Further, as required by the Qatar Commercial Companies Law number 11 of 2015, as amended by Law 
number 8 of 2021 we report that:  
• 
We have obtained all the information we considered necessary for the purpose of our audit;  
• 
The Company has carried out a physical verification of inventories at the year-end in accordance 
with observed principles; 
• 
The Company has maintained proper books of account and the consolidated financial 
statements are in agreement therewith; 
• 
The financial information included in the Chairman's message is in agreement with the books 
and records of the Company; and 
 
• 
Nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that the Company has breached 
any of the provisions of the Qatar Commercial Companies Law number 11 of 2015, as amended 
by Law number 8 of 2021 or of its Articles of Association, which would materially affect the 
reported results of its operations or its financial position as at 31 December 2023. 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch 
Qatar Financial Market Authority registration number 120155 
  
 
 
 
Mark Menton 
Auditor’s registration number 364 
Doha, State of Qatar 
12 February 2024
F-90

--- Page 333 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
8 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
 
Note 
2023 
2022* 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Revenue 
4 
23,163,709 
22,698,184 
Other income 
5 
671,530 
195,418 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses 
6 
(10,762,258) 
(10,620,951) 
Royalty fees 
10 
(238,348) 
(249,306) 
Employee salaries and associated costs 
 
(2,650,535) 
(2,932,006) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
7 
(4,584,458) 
(4,565,279) 
Finance costs 
8 
(860,563) 
(1,032,373) 
Finance income 
8 
325,459 
266,883 
Share of net profit of associates and joint ventures 
16 
397,705 
422,183 
Impairment losses on financial assets 
39 
(431,550) 
(192,526) 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial 
assets 
27 
(701,770) 
(193,308) 
Other gains / (losses) – net 
9 
(42,080) 
(470,171)
Profit before income tax and other tax related 
fees 
 
4,286,841 
3,326,748 
Income tax and other tax related fees 
19 
(775,305) 
(565,840) 
Profit for the year 
 
3,511,536 
2,760,908 
 
 
 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent 
 
3,015,878 
2,360,234 
Non-controlling interests 
 
495,658 
400,674 
 
3,511,536 
2,760,908 
 
 
 
Basic and diluted earnings per share 
(Attributable to shareholders of the parent) 
(Expressed in QR. per share) 
11 
0.94 
0.74 
 
 
* 
Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain changes in comparative information . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-7. 
 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 16 to 100 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements. 
F-91

--- Page 334 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
9 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
 
Note 
2023 
2022 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
 
3,511,536 
2,760,908 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive (loss) / income  
 
 
 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss 
 
 
 
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow 
hedges 
26 
(1,701) 
5,205 
Share of other comprehensive income of associates and 
joint ventures 
26 
2,632 
19,925 
Foreign currency translation differences 
26 
868,926 
1,592,056 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss 
 
 
 
Net changes in fair value on investments in equity 
instruments designated as at FVTOCI 
26 
(89,161) 
32,689 
Net changes in employees’ benefits reserve 
26 
(2,790) 
124 
Other comprehensive income - net of tax 
 
777,906 
1,649,999 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
4,289,442 
4,410,907 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the parent 
 
3,573,611 
4,097,410 
Non-controlling interests 
 
715,831 
313,497 
 
4,289,442 
4,410,907 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-7. 
 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 16 to 100 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
F-92

--- Page 335 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
10 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
AS AT 31 DECEMBER  
 
Note 
2023 
2022* 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
12 
13,905,757 
14,197,628 
Intangible assets and goodwill 
13 
15,514,529 
16,701,624 
Right-of-use assets 
14 
2,790,486 
2,587,927 
Investment properties 
15 
118,910 
117,215 
Investment in associates and joint ventures 
16 
7,085,027 
7,051,075 
Financial assets at fair value 
17 
966,383 
886,394 
Other non-current assets 
18 
259,620 
202,014 
Deferred tax assets 
19 
321,384 
316,282 
Contract costs 
20 
166,026 
156,521 
Total non-current assets 
 
41,128,122 
42,216,680 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 
 
 
Inventories 
21 
308,449 
404,764 
Contract costs 
20 
222,674 
213,224 
Trade and other receivables 
22 
5,086,512 
5,772,951 
Bank balances and cash 
23 
11,462,695 
13,231,901 
Total current assets 
 
17,080,330 
19,622,840 
Total assets 
 
58,208,452 
61,839,520 
 
 
 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
Share capital 
24 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
Legal reserve 
25 
12,434,282 
12,434,282 
Fair value and other reserves 
25 
312,467 
372,887 
Employees’ benefits reserve 
25 
(3,567) 
(777) 
Translation reserve 
25 
(6,307,061) 
(6,955,719) 
Other statutory reserves 
25 
1,457,122 
1,372,338 
Retained earnings 
 
15,361,878 
13,885,144 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent 
 
26,458,321 
24,311,355 
Non-controlling interests 
 
4,116,031 
3,845,089 
Total equity 
 
30,574,352 
28,156,444 
 
* 
Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain changes in comparative information . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-7. 
 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 16 to 100 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
F-93

--- Page 336 ---
F-94

--- Page 337 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
12 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 
Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
Share 
capital 
Legal 
reserve 
Fair value  
and other 
reserves 
Employees’ 
benefits 
reserve 
Translation 
reserve 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2023 
3,203,200 12,434,282 
372,887 
(777) 
(6,955,719) 
1,372,338 13,885,144 
24,311,355 
3,845,089 
28,156,444 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,015,878 
3,015,878 
495,658 
3,511,536 
Other comprehensive (loss) / income 
- 
- 
(88,135) 
(2,790) 
648,658 
- 
- 
557,733 
220,173 
777,906 
Total comprehensive (loss) / income for the year 
- 
- 
(88,135) 
(2,790) 
648,658 
- 
3,015,878 
3,573,611 
715,831 
4,289,442 
Realised gain / (loss) on FVTOCI investment 
recycled to retained earnings 
- 
- 
27,715 
- 
- 
- 
(27,715) 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with shareholders of the 
parent, recognised directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend (Note 35) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- (1,377,376) 
(1,377,376) 
- 
(1,377,376) 
Transfer to other statutory reserves 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
84,784 
(84,784) 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with non-controlling 
interests, recognised directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Recognition of non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
249 
249 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(444,855) 
(444,855) 
Transactions with non-owners of the 
Group, recognised directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to employee association fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,493) 
(1,493) 
(283) 
(1,776) 
Transfer to social and sports fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(47,776) 
(47,776) 
- 
(47,776) 
At 31 December 2023 
3,203,200 12,434,282 
312,467 
(3,567) 
(6,307,061) 
1,457,122 
15,361,878 
26,458,321 
4,116,031 
30,574,352 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-7. 
 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 16 to 100 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
F-95

--- Page 338 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
13 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 
Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
Share 
capital 
Legal 
reserve 
Fair value  
and other 
reserves 
Employees’ 
benefits 
reserve 
Translation 
reserve 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2022 
3,203,200 
12,434,282 
393,453 
(5,583)
(8,634,620)
1,326,968 
12,504,113 
21,221,813 
5,186,715 26,408,528 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,360,234 
2,360,234 
400,674 
2,760,908 
Other comprehensive income / (loss) 
- 
- 
58,151 
124 
1,678,901 
- 
- 
1,737,176 
(87,177)
1,649,999 
Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year 
- 
- 
58,151 
124 
1,678,901 
- 
2,360,234 
4,097,410 
313,497 
4,410,907 
Realised gain on FVTOCI Investment recycled to 
retained earnings 
- 
- 
(78,717) 
- 
- 
- 
78,717 
- 
- 
- 
Employee benefit reserve transferred to retained 
earnings  
- 
- 
- 
4,682
- 
- 
(4,682) 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with shareholders of the 
parent, recognised directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend (Note 35) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(960,960) 
(960,960)
- 
(960,960)
Transfer to other statutory reserves 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
45,370 
(45,370) 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with non-controlling interests, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary (Note 9) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,206,108)
(1,206,108)
Capital reduction of a subsidiary 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(8,619)
(8,619)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(440,108)
(440,108)
Transactions with non-owners of the Group, 
recognised directly in equity 
 
 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to employee association fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,523) 
(1,523)
(288)
(1,811)
Transfer to social and sports fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(45,385) 
(45,385)
- 
(45,385)
At 31 December 2022 
3,203,200 
12,434,282 
372,887 
(777)
(6,955,719)
1,372,338 
13,885,144 
24,311,355 
3,845,089 
28,156,444 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-7. 
 
The accompanying notes set out on pages 16 to 100 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-96

--- Page 339 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
14 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
 
Note 
2023 
2022* 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax and other tax related fees 
 
4,286,841 
3,326,748 
 
 
 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
7 
4,584,458 
4,565,279 
Dividend income 
5 
- 
(2,050) 
Impairment losses on financial assets 
39 
431,550 
192,526 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial 
assets 
27 
701,770 
193,308 
Gain on disposal of investments at FVTPL 
 
- 
(18,160) 
Unrealised gain on equity investment at FVTPL 
 
(80,809) 
(52,069) 
Gain on disposal of non-financial assets 
9 
(33,967) 
(40,704) 
Gain on disposal of investment in associate 
 
(139,173) 
- 
Translation reserve recycled to profit or loss 
 
- 
2,555,069 
Gain on deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
9 
- 
(2,571,881) 
Finance costs 
8 
860,563 
1,032,373 
Finance income 
8 
(325,459) 
(266,883) 
Provision for employees’ benefits 
30 
181,052 
204,095 
Share of results of associates and joint ventures 
16 
(397,705) 
(422,183) 
Operating profit before working capital changes 
 
10,069,121 
8,695,468 
 
 
 
Working capital changes: 
 
 
 
Changes in inventories 
21 
96,315 
(39,770) 
Changes in trade and other receivables 
22 
161,781 
(699,845) 
Changes in contract costs 
20 
(18,955) 
(76,561) 
Changes in trade and other payables 
32 
(393,753) 
329,280 
Changes in contract liabilities 
34 
(7,817) 
17,818 
Cash generated from operations 
 
9,906,692 
8,226,390 
Interest paid 
 
(808,572) 
(848,768) 
Employees’ benefits paid 
 
(164,221) 
(153,376) 
Income tax and other tax related fees paid 
 
(572,689) 
(549,035) 
Net cash generated from operating activities 
 
8,361,210 
6,675,211 
 
 
 
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 
 
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
12 
(2,835,974) 
(2,925,504) 
Acquisition of intangible assets 
13 
(274,394) 
(236,845) 
Acquisition of investments in subsidiary 
 
(73,409) 
- 
Proceeds from disposal of stake in a subsidiary 
 
- 
441,174 
Proceeds from disposal of non-financial assets 
9 
63,714 
56,974 
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value 
 
52,135 
100,503 
Proceeds from disposal of an investment in associate 
 
136,438 
- 
Released restricted deposits 
 
41,031 
39,589 
Additions to restricted deposits 
 
(225,689) 
(107,136) 
Net movement in short-term deposits 
 
(371,369) 
(57,710) 
Dividends received from an associate and a joint venture 
 
183,827 
157,534 
Other dividends received 
 
- 
2,050 
Interest received 
 
324,945 
266,317 
Net cash used in investing activities 
 
(2,978,745) 
(2,263,054) 
 
* 
Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain changes in comparative information . 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-7. 
 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 16 to 100 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
F-97

--- Page 340 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
15 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
 
Note 
2023 
2022* 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
 
Proceeds from loans and borrowings 
 
896,197 
3,594,251 
Repayments of loans and borrowings 
 
(6,373,671) 
(5,477,168) 
Principal element of lease payments 
33 
(793,530) 
(762,225) 
Reduction of capital a subsidiary 
 
- 
(8,619) 
Additions to deferred financing costs 
 
(8,216) 
- 
Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent 
35 
(1,377,376) 
(960,960) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests in 
subsidiaries 
 
(444,855) 
(440,108) 
Net cash used in financing activities 
 
(8,101,451) 
(4,054,829) 
 
 
 
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash 
equivalents 
 
(2,718,986) 
357,328 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
 
12,423,362 
11,644,310 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations 
 
415,423 
421,724 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
23 
10,119,799 
12,423,362 
 
Refer to note 23 for details regarding non-cash financing and investing activities. 
 
* 
Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain changes in comparative information . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-7. 
 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 16 to 100 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
F-98

--- Page 341 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
16 
1. 
REPORTING ENTITY  
 
Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation (the “Corporation”) was formed on 29 June 1987 
domiciled in the State of Qatar by Law No. 13 of 1987 to provide domestic and international 
telecommunication services within the State of Qatar. The Company’s registered office is located at 100 
Westbay Tower, Doha, State of Qatar. 
 
The Corporation was transformed into a Qatari Shareholding Company under the name of Qatar 
Telecom (Qtel) Q.S.C. (the “Company”) on 25 November 1998, pursuant to Law No. 21 of 1998. 
 
In June 2013, the legal name of the Company was changed to Ooredoo Q.S.C. This change had been 
duly approved by the shareholders at the Company’s extraordinary general assembly meeting held on 
31 March 2013. 
 
The Company changed its legal name from Ooredoo Q.S.C. to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to comply with the 
provisions of the new Qatar Commercial Companies Law issued on 7 July 2015. 
 
 
The Company is a telecommunications service provider licensed by the Communications Regulatory 
Authority (CRA) to provide both fixed and mobile telecommunications services in the state of Qatar. As 
a licensed service provider, the conduct and activities of the Company are regulated by CRA pursuant 
to Law No. 34 of 2006 (Telecommunications Law) and the Applicable Regulatory Framework. 
 
During 2021, the Qatar Commercial law number 11 of 2015 has been amended by Law number 8 of 
2021. The management assessed the compliance of the Company and the required changes to the Article 
of the Association was amended in the Extraordinary General Assembly Meeting held on 8 March 2022. 
 
The Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) provides domestic and 
international telecommunication services in Qatar and elsewhere in the Asia and Middle East and North 
African (MENA) region. Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the Parent Company of the Group. Qatar Holding L.L.C. 
is controlled by Qatar Investment Authority – the sovereign wealth fund of the State of Qatar – (the 
“Ultimate parent”). 
 
In the Extraordinary General Assembly Meeting held on 27 December 2023, the shareholding of 
Company held by Qatar Holding L.L.C. was transferred to Qatar Investment Authority.  
 
In line with an amendment issued by Qatar Financial Markets Authority (“QFMA”), effective from May 
2018, listed entities are required to comply with the Qatar Financial Markets Authority’s law and 
relevant legislations including Governance Code for Companies & Legal Entities Listed on the Main 
Market (the “Governance Code”). The Group has taken appropriate steps to comply with the 
requirements of the Governance Code.  
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 were 
authorised for issuance in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company on 12 
February 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-99

--- Page 342 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
17 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION  
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with (IFRS) 
Accounting Standards. IFRS Accounting Standards comprise the following authoritative literature: 
• 
IFRS Accounting Standards  
• 
IAS Standards 
• 
Interpretations developed by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC Interpretations) or 
its predecessor body, the Standing Interpretations Committee (SIC Interpretations).  
 
Basis of measurement 
 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for the 
following: 
 
• 
Equity instruments, classified as Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income 
(“FVTOCI”) and Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (“FVTPL”), are measured at fair value; 
• 
Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value; 
• 
Liabilities for long term incentive points-based payments arrangements are measured at 
FVTPL; and 
• 
Assets classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value 
less cost to sell. 
 
 
Historical cost is based on the fair value of the consideration, which is given in exchange for goods and 
services. The methods used to measure fair values are discussed further in note 40. 
 
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in Qatari Riyals, which is the Company’s functional 
and presentation currency, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousands (QR.’000) except when 
otherwise indicated. 
 
Judgements, estimates and risk management  
 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts 
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The 
significant judgements made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies, the key 
sources of estimation uncertainty and financial risk management objectives and policies are disclosed 
in note 39. 
 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION 
 
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and its 
subsidiaries. The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all the periods 
presented (except as mentioned otherwise) in these consolidated financial statements, and have been 
applied consistently by the Group entities, where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial 
statements of the subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with those used by the Group.  
 
3.1  
GOING CONCERN 
 
The directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable 
expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the 
foreseeable future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-100

--- Page 343 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
18 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION 
 
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities 
controlled by the Company (including structured entities) and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when 
the Company: 
 
- 
has power over the investee; 
- 
is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and 
- 
has the ability to use its power to affect returns. 
 
The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that 
there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. 
 
When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the 
investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities 
of the investee unilaterally. The Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing 
whether or not the Company’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including: 
 
- 
the size of the Company’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings 
of the other vote holders; 
- 
potential voting rights held by the company, other vote holders or other parties; 
- 
rights arising from contractual arrangements; and 
- 
any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the company has or does not have the 
current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, 
including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings. 
 
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases 
when the Company loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary 
acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit and loss 
and other comprehensive income from the date the Company gains control until the date when the 
Company ceases to control the subsidiary. 
 
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the 
Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is 
attributable to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the 
non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. 
 
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their 
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies. 
 
All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions 
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-101

--- Page 344 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
19 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
A) 
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND GOODWILL 
 
The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is 
transferred to the Group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is measured at fair value, as 
are the identifiable net assets acquired, and any amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. 
Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, 
except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities. 
 
The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing 
relationships. Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent 
consideration is classified as equity, then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within 
equity. Contingent consideration, classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and 
within scope of IFRS 9 Financial instruments, is measured at fair value with changes in fair value 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. Other contingent 
considerations that are not within the scope of IFRS 9 are measured at fair value at each reporting date 
with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred 
and the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any previous interest held, over the net 
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess 
of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group reassesses whether it correctly identified all of the 
assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the 
amounts to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair 
value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognised in 
profit or loss. 
 
If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in 
which the combination occurs, the Group reports in the consolidated financial statements provisional 
amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. During the measurement period, which 
is no longer than one year from the acquisition date, the provisional amounts recognised at acquisition 
date are retrospectively adjusted to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that 
existed as of the acquisition date and, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts 
recognised as of that date. During the measurement period, the Group also recognises additional assets 
or liabilities if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the 
acquisition date and, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of those assets and liabilities as 
of that date. 
F-102

--- Page 345 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
20 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
A) 
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the 
purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition 
date, allocated to each of our cash-generating units, or CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the 
combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those 
units. 
 
Where goodwill acquired in a business combination has yet to be allocated to identifiable CGUs because 
the initial accounting is incomplete, such provisional goodwill is not tested for impairment unless 
indicators of impairment exist and we can reliably allocate the carrying amount of goodwill to a CGU or 
group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Where 
goodwill has been allocated to a CGU and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the 
goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation 
when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this 
circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the disposed operation and the portion of the 
CGU retained. 
 
B) 
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (“NCI”) 
 
NCI are measured at their proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets at the acquisition 
date. Changes in the Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted 
for as equity transactions. 
 
C) 
SUBSIDIARIES 
 
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or 
has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those 
returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the 
consolidated financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which 
control ceases. 
 
D) 
LOSS OF CONTROL 
 
When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the 
subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is 
measured at fair value when control is lost. 
 
E) 
INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES 
 
Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint 
control. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions 
of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies. 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement 
have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of 
control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require 
unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. 
 
 
F-103

--- Page 346 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
21 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
E) 
INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED) 
 
Interests in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are 
recognised initially at cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the 
consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures less any impairment in the value of individual 
investments. Losses of the associates and joint ventures in excess of the Group’s interest are not 
recognised unless the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations on their behalf. The carrying 
values of investments in associates and joint ventures are reviewed on a regular basis and if an 
impairment in the value has occurred, it is written off in the period in which those circumstances are 
identified. 
 
Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the fair values of the identifiable net assets 
of the associates and joint ventures at the date of acquisition is recognised as goodwill and included as 
part of the cost of investment. Any deficiency of the cost of acquisition below the Group’s share of the 
fair values of the identifiable net assets of the associates and joint ventures at the date of acquisition is 
credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year of acquisition. 
 
The Group’s share of associates’ and joint ventures’ results is based on the most recent financial 
statements or interim financial statements drawn up to the Group’s reporting date. For the Group’s 
joint ventures, the Group accounts for its share in the results, assets and liabilities of its joint ventures 
using the equity method of accounting. One of the Group’s joint ventures is an investment entity and 
applies fair value measurement to its subsidiaries.   
 
Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group (including 
its consolidated subsidiaries) and its associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements only to the extent of unrelated group’s interests in the associates or 
joint ventures. 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION 
 
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-
group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with associates and joint 
ventures are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. 
Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there 
is no evidence of impairment. 
 
F-104

--- Page 347 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
22 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
The subsidiaries of the Company, incorporated in the consolidated financial statements of the Company 
are as follows: 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective 
shareholding 
percentage as at 31 
December 
2023 
2022 
Ooredoo Investment Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo International Investments 
L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Group L.L.C.  
Management service 
company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo South East Asia Holding W.L.L. Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
West Bay Holding W.L.L.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Asian Investments Pte. Ltd.  
Investment company 
Singapore 
100% 
100% 
Al Dafna Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain  
100% 
100% 
Al Khor Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
IP Holdings Limited  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Tower Holding Co.  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
wi-tribe Asia Limited 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited  Investment company 
Bermuda 
100% 
100% 
MENA Investcom W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
- 
100% 
Omani Qatari Telecommunications 
Company S.A.O.G. (“Ooredoo Oman”) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Oman 
55.0% 
55.0% 
Starlink W.L.L. 
Telecommunication 
company 
Qatar 
72.5% 
72.5% 
National Mobile Telecommunications 
Company K.S.C.P (“Ooredoo Kuwait”)  
Telecommunication 
company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Wataniya International FZ – L.L.C. 
Investment company 
United Arab 
Emirates 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Al-Bahar United Company W.L.L. 
(“Phono”) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Al Wataniya Gulf Telecommunications 
Holding Company W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Maldives PLC  
Telecommunication 
company 
Maldives 
83.3% 
83.3% 
WARF Telecom International Pvt. Ltd.  
Telecommunication 
company 
Maldives 
59.9% 
59.9% 
Wataniya Telecom Algerie S.P.A. 
(”Ooredoo Algeria”) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Algeria 
74.4% 
74.4% 
Ooredoo Consortium Ltd.  
Investment company 
Malta 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Duqm Data Centre SAOC (i) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Oman 
39.0% 
39.0% 
F-105

--- Page 348 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
23 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective 
shareholding 
percentage as at 31 
December 
2023 
2022 
Ooredoo Tunisia Holdings Ltd. 
Investment company 
Malta 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Malta Holdings Ltd. 
Investment company 
Malta 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Tunisie S.A. 
Telecommunication 
company 
Tunisia 
84.1% 
84.1% 
Wataniya Palestine Mobile 
Telecommunications Public 
Shareholding Company (“Ooredoo 
Palestine”) (ii) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Palestine 
45.4% 
45.4% 
Raywood Inc. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Newood Inc. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Midya Telecom Company Limited 
(“Fanoos”) (iii) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Iraq 
49% 
49.0% 
Al-Rowad General Services Limited 
Investment company 
Iraq 
100% 
100% 
Asiacell Communications PJSC 
Telecommunication 
company 
Iraq 
64.1% 
64.1% 
wi-tribe Limited 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
86.1% 
86.1% 
Barzan Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Laffan Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Zekreet Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. 
Telecommunication 
company 
Myanmar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wokaer Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
- 
100% 
Al Wakrah Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
- 
100% 
Ooredoo IP L.L.C. 
Management service 
company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Global Services L.L.C. 
Management service 
company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Seyoula International Investments 
W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Fast Telecommunications Company 
W.L.L. 
Telecommunication 
company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Fintech Limited 
Telecommunication 
company 
Myanmar 
100% 
100% 
OIH Investment L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wokaer East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Barzan East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Financial Services L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wakra East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Tamyeez for Technological Services 
L.L.C. previously known as “OSEA 
Investment L.L.C.” 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
AlAbraj Alaoula for General Contracting 
W.L.L. 
Service company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Mediterraneenne Prestations De Services 
EURL 
Service company 
Algeria 
74.4% 
74.4% 
Gulf Towers S.P.C 
Service company 
Oman 
55.0% 
55.0% 
Abraj Al Kuwait Holding LLC 
Service company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Tunisia Towers Infraco SARL 
Service company 
Tunisia 
84.1% 
84.1% 
F-106

--- Page 349 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
24 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective 
shareholding 
percentage as at 31 
December 
2023 
2022 
MENA Tower Company B.V.  
Investment company 
Netherlands 
100% 
100% 
MENA Digital Holdings B.V. 
Investment company 
Netherlands 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Southeast Asia Holding Pte. Ltd Investment company 
Singapore 
100% 
100% 
Starlink Arabia 
Wholesale and retail 
electronics and 
reparations 
Saudi Arabia 
72.5% 
72.5% 
Starlink Tech S.P.C 
Export and Import 
Services 
Oman 
72.5%  
72.5% 
Mena Digital Hub B.V. W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
- 
Mena Digital Solutions Co W.L.L 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
- 
Mena Digital Hub Group L.L.C. 
Management services 
company 
Qatar 
100% 
- 
OFT International L.L.C, 
Management service 
company 
Qatar 
100% 
- 
Al Tamayuz Technological Services 
L.L.C. 
Service company 
Qatar 
100% 
- 
Data Centre Digital Hub S.P.C 
Service company 
Oman 
100% 
- 
Data Centre Digital Solutions S.P.C 
Service company 
Oman 
100% 
- 
Oman OFT International SAOC 
Service company 
Oman 
100% 
- 
Tunisia Hyperscale Solutions LLC 
Service company 
Tunisia 
100% 
- 
Iraq Al Mustakbal For Communication 
And Internet Services & Elektronic 
Services Ltd (iv) 
Investment company 
Iraq 
49% 
- 
Masarat al Iraq information technology 
Co.Ltd (iv) 
Service company 
Iraq 
49% 
- 
Mena Digital Hub B.V. W.L.L 
Investment company 
Netherlands 
100% 
- 
Crave International Ltd. 
Investment company 
British Virgin 
Islands 
100% 
- 
Centofex Ltd 
Investment company  
Cyprus 
100% 
- 
 
(i) 
The Group holds an effective 39% (2022: 39%) of Duqm Data Centre SAOC and has established 
control over the entity, as it can demonstrate power, indirectly, through Omani Qatari 
Telecommunications Company S.A.O.G. (“Ooredoo Oman”) by virtue of Ooredoo Oman having 
more than 51% of the voting interest or control in this company. This exposes the Group to 
variable returns from its investment and gives the Group the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over them, hence, this company has been considered as a subsidiary of the 
Group. 
 
(ii) 
The Group holds an effective 45.4% (2022: 45.4%) of Ooredoo Palestine and has established 
control over the entity as it can demonstrate power through its indirect ownership of National 
Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. (“NMTC”) by virtue of NMTC holding 49.3% of 
the voting interests in Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Public Shareholding 
Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”) along with its right to appoint the majority of the board of 
directors at all times, where major decisions are taken with simple majority. NMTC has also 
entered into an arrangement with the other majority shareholder, where NMTC is able to 
unilaterally make decisions over the relevant activities of Ooredoo Palestine. This exposes the 
Group to variable returns and gives the Group the ability to affect those returns through its 
power over Ooredoo Palestine. 
 
(iii) 
The Group incorporated Raywood Inc (“Raywood”), a special purpose entity registered in 
Cayman Islands with 100% (2022: 100%) voting interest held by the Group to carry out 
investment activities in Iraq. Raywood acquired a 49% interest in Midya Telecom Company 
Limited (“Fanoos”) in Iraq. Although the Group holds less than a majority of the shareholding 
of Fanoos, the Group can still demonstrate its power by virtue of shareholders’ agreement 
entered into between Raywood and Fanoos, Iraq. This arrangement exposes the Group to 
variable returns and gives the Group the ability to affect those returns over Fanoos.  
 
F-107

--- Page 350 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
25 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
(iv) The Group via its 100% owned subsidiary in Qatar (“Al Wakra East LLC”) acquired 49% legal 
shareholding of Iraq Mustakbal Company for communications, Internet and Electronic Services Ltd. 
(“Iraq Al Mustakbal”) and its 100% owned subsidiary Masarat Al-Iraq Information Technology Co. Ltd. 
(“Masarat”) in Iraq. Although the Group holds less than a majority of the voting rights of Iraq Al 
Mustakbal and Masarat, the Group can still demonstrate its power by virtue of shareholders’ agreement 
entered into between the shareholders of Iraq Al Mustakbal. This arrangement exposes the Group to 
variable returns and gives the Group the ability to affect those returns over Iraq Al Mustakbal and 
Masarat. 
 
3.3 
CHANGES TO MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION 
 
1. 
New and amended standards adopted by the Group 
 
A number of new or amended standards became applicable for the current reporting period, and the 
Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting 
period commencing 1 January 2023: 
 
• 
IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts; 
• 
Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2; 
• 
Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8; 
• 
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments 
to IAS 12; and 
• 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OCED) Pillar Two Rules. 
 
 
The amendments listed above did not have a material impact on the amounts recognised in the current 
or prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect future periods. 
 
2. 
Impact of new standards (issued but not yet adopted by the Group) 
 
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 
the current reporting period and have not been adopted by the Group. The management of the Group is 
in the process of assessing the impact of these new standards, interpretation and amendments which 
will be adopted in the Group’s financial statement as and when they are applicable. 
 
3.4 
REVENUE 
 
Revenue is measured at an amount that reflects the considerations, to which an entity expects to be 
entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to customers, excluding amounts collected on 
behalf of third parties. Revenue is adjusted for expected discounts and volume discounts, which are 
estimated based on the historical data or forecast and projections. The Group recognises revenue when 
it transfers control over goods or services to its customers. 
 
Revenue from telecommunication services mainly consists of access charges, airtime usage, messaging, 
interconnect fees, data and connectivity services, connection fees and other related services. Services 
are offered separately or as bundled packages along with other services and/ or devices. 
 
For bundle packages, the Group accounts for individual products and services separately if they are 
distinct i.e. if a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and 
if a customer can benefit from it. The consideration is allocated between separate products and services 
(i.e. distinct performance obligations, “PO”) in a bundle based on their stand-alone selling prices.  
 
The stand-alone selling prices are determined based on the observable price at which the Group sells 
the products and services on a standalone basis. For items that are not sold separately (e.g. customer 
loyalty program) the Group estimates standalone selling prices using other methods (i.e. adjusted 
market assessment approach, cost plus margin approach or residual approach). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-108

--- Page 351 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
26 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4 
REVENUE (Continued) 
 
Recognition of revenue  
 
Management considers recognising revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met, otherwise 
revenue will be recognised at a point in time: 
 
a) 
the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s 
performance as the Group performs; 
b) 
the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is 
created or enhanced; or 
c) 
the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the 
entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. 
 
The Group principally obtains revenue from following key segments: 
 
Mobile services 
 
Mobile service contracts typically consist of specific allowances for airtime usage, messaging, data, and 
connection fees. In this type of arrangement, the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the 
benefits as the Group performs the service. Thus, the revenue is recognised over the period as and when 
these services are provided. 
 
Fixed services 
 
The Group offers fixed services which normally include installation and configuration services, internet 
connectivity, television and telephony services. These services are bundled with locked or unlocked 
equipment, such as routers and/or set-top boxes. Similar to mobile service contracts, fixed service 
revenue with locked equipment is recognised over the contract period, whereas revenue recognition for 
unlocked equipment is upon transfer of control to the customer. 
 
Sale of unlocked devices 
 
Devices such as smartphones, tablets, Mi-Fis and other similar devices that are sold separately and are 
not bundled with mobile/fixed service contracts, have standalone value to the customer and are 
unlocked devices. The revenue from the sale of unlocked devices is recognised at a point in time upon 
transfer of control to the customer. 
 
Interconnection service 
 
Revenue from the interconnection of voice and data traffic with other telecommunications operators is 
recognised over time as and when the transit occurred across our network.  
 
Revenue from transit services  
 
The Group determines whether it will be acting as principal or an agent on these types of arrangements 
and accordingly recognises gross revenue if it is a principal, and net revenue if it is an agent. The revenue 
is recognised over the period as and when these services are provided. 
 
Customer loyalty schemes 
 
The Group has concluded that: (i) it is acting as a principal when the customer loyalty points are 
redeemed through the Group’s own services or products and recognises revenue on a gross basis; and 
(ii) is acting as an agent on customer loyalty scheme arrangements which are redeemed through its 
partners where revenue is recognised on a net basis.   
 
The Group concluded that the loyalty scheme gives rise to a separate performance obligation because it 
generally provides a material right to the customer. The Group allocates a portion of the transaction 
price to the loyalty scheme liability based on the relative standard standalone selling price of loyalty 
points and a contract liability is recognised until the points are redeemed or expired. 
 
 
F-109

--- Page 352 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
27 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4 
REVENUE (Continued) 
 
Value-added services 
 
The Group has offerings where it provides customers with additional content, such as music and video 
streaming and SMS services, as Value-Added Services (VAS). For these types of services, the Group 
determines whether they are acting as a principal and accordingly recognises gross revenue if it is a 
principal, and net revenue where they have concluded they are an agent. 
 
Connection fees  
 
The Group has concluded that connection fees charged for the activation of services will be recognised 
over the contract period. The connection fees that are not considered as a distinct performance 
obligation shall form part of the transaction price and recognised over the period of service.  
 
Multi elements arrangements (Mobile contract plus handset)  
 
The Group has concluded that in case of multiple elements arrangements with subsidised products 
delivered in advance, the component delivered in advance (e.g. mobile handset), will require 
recognition of a contract asset. Contract asset primarily relates to the Group’s right to consideration for 
services and goods provided but not billed at the reporting date. 
 
Installation cost, commissions to third party dealers, marketing expenses  
 
The Group has concluded that commissions and installation costs meet the definition of incremental 
costs to acquire a contract or a cost to fulfil a contract. The Group has capitalised these expenses as 
contract cost assets and amortised as per portfolio approach. Recognised contract assets will be subject 
to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 requirements. 
 
Upfront commission 
 
The Group has concluded that the sale of prepaid cards to dealers or distributors where the Group 
retains its control over the prepaid cards is assessed as a consignment arrangement. Thus, the Group 
shall not recognise revenue upon sale to dealers or distributors but upon utilisation or expiration of 
prepaid cards. Consequently, the commission arising from the sale of prepaid cards is recognised as an 
expense. 
 
In cases where the Group transfers its control over the prepaid cards to dealers, distributors or 
customers, the Group has concluded that the upfront commission qualifies as a consideration payable 
to a customer and therefore will be treated as a reduction of the transaction price. Similarly, the Group 
shall recognise revenue only upon utilisation or expiration of prepaid cards (expiration typically being 
1 to 2 years from the issuance date). 
 
Commission income 
 
When the Group acts in the capacity of an agent rather than as the principal in the transaction, the 
revenue recognised is the net amount of commission made by the Group. 
 
Ancillary service income 
 
Revenue from ancillary services is recognised when these services are provided. 
 
Significant financing component  
 
The Group has decided to recognise interest expense at an appropriate annual interest rates over the 
contract period and total transaction price including financing component is recognised when 
equipment is delivered to a customer.  
 
 
 
F-110

--- Page 353 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
28 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4 
REVENUE (Continued) 
 
Contract assets and liabilities  
 
The Group has determined that contract assets and liabilities are to be recognised at the performance 
obligation level and not at the contract level and both contract assets and liabilities are to be presented 
separately in the consolidated financial statements. The Group classifies its contract assets and 
liabilities as current and non-current based on the timing and pattern of flow of economic benefits.  
 
Discounts and promotions 
 
The Group provides various discounts and promotions to its customers, which may be agreed at 
inception or provided during the contract term. The impact and accounting of these discounts and 
promotions vary and may result in recognition of contract assets. 
 
3.5 
LEASES  
 
A. 
Definition of leases 
 
The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control 
the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a 
contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether: 
 
a. 
The contract involves the use of an identified asset – this may be specified explicitly or 
implicitly, and should be physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a 
physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a substantive substitution right, then the asset is 
not identified; 
b. 
The Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset 
throughout the period of use; and 
c. 
The Group has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Group has the right when it has the 
decision-making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset 
is used. In rare cases where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is 
predetermined, the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset if either: 
 
(i) 
The Group has the right to operate the asset; or 
(ii) 
The Group designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it 
will be used. 
 
 
F-111

--- Page 354 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
29 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.5 
LEASES (CONTINUED) 
 
B. 
As a lessee 
 
The Group leases several assets including sites, office buildings, shops, vehicles and others. The average 
lease term is 2 to 20 years. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may 
not be used as security for borrowing purposes. 
 
The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The 
right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs 
incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the 
underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use 
asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the 
earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated 
useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment. 
In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for 
certain remeasurements of the lease liability. 
 
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at 
the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot 
be readily determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate over a period of lease term. The 
incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay, to borrow over a 
similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the 
right-of- use asset, in a similar economic environment. Generally, the Group uses its incremental 
borrowing rate as the discount rate. 
 
The lease term determined by the Group comprises non-cancellable period of lease contracts, periods 
covered by an option to extend the lease if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option and 
periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the Group is reasonably certain not to exercise 
that option.  
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following: 
 
a 
Fixed payments; and 
b 
Lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an 
extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain 
not to terminate early. 
 
The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured 
when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a 
change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, 
or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination 
option. 
 
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying 
amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-
use asset has been reduced to zero. 
 
The Group presents right-of-use assets, which do not meet the definition of investment properties, 
separately from other assets and also separately presents lease liabilities, in the consolidated statement 
of financial position. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for 
short-term leases of all class of underlying assets that have a lease term of 12 months or less, or those 
leases which have low-value underlying assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated 
with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
The Group has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components and instead 
accounts for each lease component and associated non-lease components as a single lease component. 
 
 
 
F-112

--- Page 355 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
30 
3.5 
LEASES (CONTINUED) 
 
C. 
As a lessor  
 
The Group performs an assessment of each lease on inception. If a lease transfers substantially all of 
the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, it is classified as a finance lease, 
otherwise, it is classified as an operating lease. The Group also considers certain indicators, such as 
whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset, as a part of its assessment. 
 
The operating leases entered into by the Group mainly relate to tower sharing arrangements, which 
have a lease term of 2 to 15 years. The lessee does not have an option to purchase the asset at the expiry 
of the lease period, and the unguaranteed residual values do not represent a significant risk for the 
Group.  
 
The Group has also entered into finance lease arrangements for optical fibre agreements, which have a 
lease term of 15 to 20 years. 
 
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-
lease separately. The lease classification of a sub-lease is assessed with reference to the right-of-use 
asset arising from the head lease, and not with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a 
short-term lease to which the Group applies the claimed exemption, the sub-lease is classified as an 
operating lease. 
 
When an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue 
from Contracts with Customers to allocate the consideration in the contract. The Group recognises lease 
payments received under operating leases as income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, on 
a straight line basis over the lease term. 
 
3.6 
OTHER GAINS / (LOSSES) 
 
Other gains / (losses) represents gains / (losses) generated by the Group that arise from activities 
outside of the provision for communication services and equipment sales. Key components of other 
gains / (losses) are recognised as follows: 
F-113

--- Page 356 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
31 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.6 
OTHER GAINS / (LOSSES) (CONTINUED) 
 
Fair value gains 
 
Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, gains on the remeasurement to 
fair value of any pre-existing interest in an acquire in a business combination and gains on hedging 
instruments that are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Foreign exchange gain and losses 
 
Foreign currency gains and losses on financial assets and financial liabilities are reported on a net basis 
as either finance income or finance cost depending on whether foreign currency movements are in a net 
gain or net loss position. 
 
3.7 
TAXES 
 
Some of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are subject to taxes on income in various foreign 
jurisdictions. Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred tax. 
 
Current income tax 
 
Current income tax and withholding tax for the current year and prior years are measured at the amount 
expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. 
 
The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted by the end of the financial reporting year and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of 
previous years.  
 
Deferred income tax 
 
Deferred income tax is provided based on temporary differences at the end of the financial reporting 
year between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting 
purposes. 
 
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except: 
 
• 
where the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an 
asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit or loss; and 
 
• 
In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, 
associates and interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary 
differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in 
the foreseeable future. 
 
Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of 
unused tax credits and unutilised tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unutilised tax losses can be utilised except: 
 
• 
Where the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from 
the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination 
and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit 
or loss; and 
 
• 
In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, 
associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the 
extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and 
taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
F-114

--- Page 357 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
32 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.7 
TAXES (CONTINUED) 
 
The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each end of the financial reporting 
year and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available 
to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred income tax 
assets are reassessed at each end of the financial reporting year and are recognised to the extent that it 
has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered. 
 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the 
year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the financial reporting year.  
 
Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right 
exists to set off current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred income 
taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 
 
Current and deferred tax for the year 
 
Current and deferred income tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that 
are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current deferred 
tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.  Where current 
tax or deferred income tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect 
is included in the accounting for the business combination. 
 
Tax exposure 
 
In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of 
uncertain tax positions and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies 
on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of judgements about future events. New 
information may become available that causes the Group to change its judgements regarding the 
adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax expense in the period 
that such a determination is made. 
 
3.8 
FINANCE COSTS 
 
Finance costs comprise interest expense on lease liabilities and borrowings, unwinding of the discount 
on provisions recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
3.9 
FINANCE INCOME 
 
Finance income comprises interest income on funds invested that is recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. Interest income is recognised as it accrues in profit or loss, using effective 
interest method. 
 
3.10 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 
Recognition and measurement: 
 
Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses. Assets in the course of construction are carried at cost, less any impairment. 
 
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The costs of self-
constructed assets include the following: 
 
• 
The cost of materials and direct labor; 
• 
Any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their 
intended use; 
• 
When the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs 
of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and  
• 
Capitalised borrowing costs. 
F-115

--- Page 358 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
33 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.10 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Cost also includes transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign 
currency purchases of property, plant and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the 
functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.  
 
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted 
for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment. 
 
Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment (calculated as the difference 
between the net proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Capital work-in-progress is transferred to the related property, plant and equipment when the 
construction or installation and related activities necessary to prepare the property and equipment for 
their intended use have been completed, and the property and equipment are ready for operational use. 
 
Transfer to investment properties 
When the use of property changes from owner-occupied to investment properties, the property is 
reclassified accordingly at the carrying amount on the date of transfer in accordance with cost model 
specified under IAS 40. 
 
Expenditure 
Expenditure incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is 
accounted for separately is capitalised and the carrying amount of the component that is replaced is 
written off.  Other subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases future economic benefits 
of the related item of property, plant and equipment. All other expenditure is recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred. 
 
Depreciation 
Items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight line basis in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss over the estimated useful lives of each component. Leased assets are 
depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that 
the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. Land is not depreciated. 
 
Depreciation of these assets commences from the date that they are installed and are ready for use, or 
in respect of internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use. 
The estimated useful lives of the property, plant and equipment are as follows. 
 
Buildings 
 
 
 5 – 40 years 
Exchange and networks assets 
 
 
5 – 25 years 
Subscriber apparatus and other equipment 
 
 2 – 10 years 
 
The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or 
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.  If any such indication 
exists and where the carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are written 
down to their recoverable amount, being the higher of their fair value less costs to sell and their value 
in use. 
 
Derecognition 
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic 
benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset is 
included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised. The asset’s 
residual values, useful lives and method of depreciation are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at 
each financial year end.
F-116

--- Page 359 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
34 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.11 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL  
 
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible 
assets acquired in a business combination is fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial 
recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated intangible assets, excluding capitalised 
development costs, are not capitalised and expenditure is reflected in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss in the year in which the expenditure is incurred. 
 
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for 
impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation 
period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life is reviewed at each 
financial year.  
 
Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits 
embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, 
and treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with 
finite lives is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the expense category consistent 
with the nature of the intangible asset. 
 
Research and development 
Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical 
knowledge and understanding, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. 
 
Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved 
products and processes. Development expenditure is capitalised only if development costs can be 
measured reliably, the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic 
benefits are probable, and the Group intends to and has sufficient resources to complete development 
and to use or sell the asset. The expenditure capitalised includes the cost of materials, direct labor, 
overhead costs that are directly attributable to preparing the asset for its intended use, and capitalised 
borrowing costs. Other development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Capitalised 
development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated 
impairment losses.
F-117

--- Page 360 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
35 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.11 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
Indefeasible rights of use “IRU” 
IRUs correspond to the right to use a portion of the capacity of a terrestrial or submarine transmission 
cable granted for a fixed period. IRUs are recognised at cost as an asset when the Group has the specific 
indefeasible right to use an identified portion of the underlying asset, generally optical fibres or 
dedicated wavelength bandwidth, and the duration of the right is for the major part of the underlying 
asset’s economic life. They are amortised on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the expected period 
of use and the life of the contract which ranges between 10 to 15 years. 
 
Capital work-in-progress related to IRU is initially presented as part of property, plant and equipment. 
When the construction or installation and related activities necessary to prepare the IRU for their 
intended use and operations have been completed, the related IRU will be transferred from property, 
plant and equipment to long term prepayments based on the specific contractual rights. 
 
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. 
 
Goodwill 
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of identifiable net assets 
of the investee at the date of acquisition which is not identifiable to specific assets. 
 
Goodwill acquired in a business combination from the acquisition date is allocated to each of the 
Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the 
synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned 
to those units or groups of units. 
 
Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated: 
 
• 
represents the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal 
management purposes; and 
• 
is not larger than a segment based on the Group’s operating segments as determined in 
accordance with IFRS 8, Operating Segments. 
 
A summary of the useful lives and amortisation methods of Group’s intangible assets other than 
goodwill are as follows: 
 
License costs 
Customer 
contracts and 
related customer 
relationship 
Brand / 
Trade names 
IRU, software and 
other intangibles 
Useful lives 
Finite 
(10 – 50 years) 
Finite 
(2 – 8 years) 
Finite 
(6 – 25 years) 
Finite 
(3 – 15 years) 
Amortisation method 
used 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability. 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Internally generated or 
acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
 
F-118

--- Page 361 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
36 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.12 
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES 
 
Investment properties are properties held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for 
both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or 
services or for administrative purposes. Investment properties are initially measured at cost. Cost 
includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment properties. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation of investment properties are computed using the 
straight line method over the estimated useful lives (EUL) of assets of twenty (20) years. 
 
When the use of a property changes such that it is reclassified as property and equipment, its fair value 
at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent accounting. 
 
Investment properties are depreciated on a straight line basis using estimated useful life of 20 years.  
 
Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment 
properties is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its 
disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment properties are recognised 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year of retirement or disposal. 
 
3.13 
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 
 
For measurement and disclosure purposes, the Group determines the fair value of an asset or liability 
at initial measurement or at each reporting date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another 
valuation technique. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to 
sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: 
 
• 
In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
• 
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
 
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group. The fair value of an 
asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. 
 
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to 
generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another 
market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use. 
 
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient 
data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and 
minimising the use of unobservable inputs. 
 
Fair value for measurement and/ or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is 
determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of 
IFRS 2; leasing transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 16 and measurements that have some 
similarities to fair value, but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 or value in use in 
IAS 36. 
 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial 
statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest 
level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
 
• 
Level 1 – Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
• 
Level 2 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable. 
• 
Level 3 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable.
F-119

--- Page 362 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
37 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.13 
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)  
 
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring 
basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-
assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting date. 
 
3.14 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of 
financial position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than 
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted 
from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. 
Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
3.15 
FINANCIAL ASSETS  
 
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date 
basis.  
 
Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets 
within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.  
 
All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at amortised cost or fair value 
through other comprehensive or fair value through profit and loss, depending on the classification of 
the financial assets.  
 
Classification of financial assets  
 
(i) 
Debt instruments designated at amortised cost 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at amortised cost: 
 
• 
The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in 
order to collect contractual cash flows; and 
• 
The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
Amortised cost and effective interest rate method  
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial 
recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective 
interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for 
any loss allowance. The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial 
asset before adjusting for any loss allowance. 
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of 
allocating interest income over the relevant period. 
 
Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured 
subsequently at amortised cost and at FVTOCI. For financial instruments other than purchased or 
originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective 
interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have 
subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of 
the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial 
instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is 
recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. 
F-120

--- Page 363 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
38 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.15 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
(ii) 
Debt instruments designated at FVTOCI 
 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI): 
 
• 
The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and  
• 
The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
(iii) 
Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI 
 
On initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-by-instrument 
basis) to designate investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Designation at FVTOCI is not 
permitted if the equity investment is held for trading or if it is contingent consideration recognised by 
an acquirer in a business combination. 
 
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. 
Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value 
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value and other reserves. The 
cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss on disposal of 
the equity investments, instead, they will be transferred to retained earnings.  
 
Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in consolidated statement of profit 
or loss unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. 
 
(iv) 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
 
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are 
measured at FVTPL. Specifically: 
 
• 
Investments in equity instruments are classified as at FVTPL, unless the Group designates an 
equity investment that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a 
business combination as at FVTOCI on initial recognition.  
 
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair 
value gains or losses recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
F-121

--- Page 364 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
39 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.15 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
 
The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in 
that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically: 
 
• 
for financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging 
relationship, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘Other (Losses) / Gains 
– net’ line item (note 9); 
• 
for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, 
exchange differences on the amortised cost of the debt instrument are recognised in profit or loss 
in the ‘Other (Losses) / Gains – net’ line item (note 9). As the foreign currency element recognised 
in profit or loss is the same as if it was measured at amortised cost, the residual foreign currency 
element based on the translation of the carrying amount (at fair value) is recognised in other 
comprehensive income in the investments revaluation reserve; 
• 
for financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, 
exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘other income – net’ line item as part 
of the fair value gain or loss; and 
• 
for equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other 
comprehensive income in the investments revaluation reserve. 
 
Impairment of financial assets 
 
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on investments in debt 
instruments that are measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI, trade and other receivables, contract 
assets, as well as on financial guarantee contracts. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at 
each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial 
instrument. 
 
The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables and contract assets. The expected 
credit losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s 
historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic 
conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the 
reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate. The Group has identified the GDP 
and the unemployment rate of the countries in which it sells its goods and services to be the most 
relevant factors. 
F-122

--- Page 365 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
40 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.15 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Impairment of financial assets (continued) 
 
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument 
has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that 
financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL 
should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring 
since initial recognition. 
 
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over 
the expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime 
ECL that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 
months after the reporting date. 
 
(i) 
Significant increase in credit risk 
 
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the 
reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial 
recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative 
information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking 
information that is available without undue cost or effort.  
 
For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable 
commitment is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial 
instrument for impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk 
since initial recognition of a financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk 
that the specified debtor will default on the contract. 
 
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable 
of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.  
 
(ii) 
Definition of default 
 
The Group employs flowrate models to analyse the historical data collected and generate estimates of 
probability of default (“PD”) of exposures with the passage of time. This analysis includes the 
identification for any changes in default rates and changes in key macro-economic factors across various 
geographies of the Group. For trade receivables, the average credit terms are 30-90 days. 
 
F-123

--- Page 366 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
41 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.15 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
 
(iii) 
Credit-impaired financial assets 
 
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the 
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is 
credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events: 
 
(a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; 
(b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event; 
(c) 
the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s 
financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession that the lender would not 
otherwise consider; 
(d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial 
reorganisation; 
(e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; 
or 
(f) 
when the financial asset is 90 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable 
information that demonstrates otherwise. 
 
(iv) 
Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses 
 
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default 
and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based 
on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. As for the exposure at default, for financial 
assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial 
guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount drawn down as at the reporting date, together 
with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in the future by default date determined based 
on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific future financing needs of the debtors, and 
other relevant forward-looking information. 
 
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash 
flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group 
expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.  
 
For a financial guarantee contract, as the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a 
default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, the expected 
loss allowance is the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any 
amounts that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.  
 
The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in consolidated statement of profit or loss for all 
financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss 
allowance account, except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, for which 
the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value and 
other reserves, and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the consolidated 
statement of financial position.
F-124

--- Page 367 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
42 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.15 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
(v) 
Write-off policy 
 
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in 
severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. 
 
Derecognition of financial assets 
 
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the 
risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its 
retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group 
retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group 
continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds 
received. 
 
Modification of financial assets 
 
The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual terms of the financial assets. 
The Group assesses whether the modification of contractual cash flows is substantial considering, 
among others, the following factors: any new contractual terms that substantially affect the risk profile 
of the asset (e.g. profit share or equity-based return), significant change in interest rate, change in the 
currency denomination of the instrument, new collateral or credit enhancement that significantly 
affects the credit risk associated with the asset or a significant extension of a loan when the borrower is 
not in financial difficulties. 
 
If the modified terms are substantially different, the rights to cash flows from the original asset expire 
and the Group derecognises the original financial asset and recognises a new asset at its fair value. The 
date of renegotiation is considered to be the date of initial recognition for subsequent impairment 
calculation purposes, including determining whether a significant increase event has occurred. The 
Group also assesses whether the new loan or debt instrument meets the solely payments of principal 
and interest criterion. Any difference between the carrying amount of the original asset derecognised 
and fair value of the new substantially modified asset is recognised in profit or loss, unless the substance 
of the difference is attributed to a capital transaction with owners. 
 
In a situation where the renegotiation was driven by financial difficulties of the counterparty and 
inability to make the originally agreed payments, the Group compares the original and revised expected 
cash flows to assets whether the risks and rewards of the asset are substantially different as a result of 
the contractual modification. If the risks and rewards do not change, the modified asset is not 
substantially different from the original asset and the modification does not result in derecognition. The 
Group recalculates the gross carrying amount by discounting the modified contractual cash flows by the 
original effective interest rate, and recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. 
F-125

--- Page 368 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
43 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.15 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Modification of financial assets (continued) 
 
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s 
carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt 
instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value 
and other reserves is reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss. In contrast, on 
derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition 
to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value and other 
reserves is not reclassified to consolidated statement profit or loss, but is transferred to retained 
earnings. 
 
A financial asset (or, where applicable a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is derecognised where: 
 
• 
The contractual rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; 
• 
The Group retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an obligation 
to pay them in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; or 
• 
The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either (a) has 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the 
asset. 
 
3.16 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
All financial liabilities are measured either at FVTPL or at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method. 
 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair 
value recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss to the extent that they are not part of a 
designated hedging relationship. The net gain or loss recognised in the consolidated statement profit or 
loss incorporates any interest paid on the financial liability.  
 
However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value 
of the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the 
liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The remaining amount of change in the fair value of 
liability is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable 
to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income are not subsequently reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss; instead, they 
are transferred to retained earnings upon derecognition of the financial liability.  
 
Gains or losses on financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group that are designated by the Group 
as at FVTPL are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost   
Financial liabilities, that are not designated as at FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-126

--- Page 369 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
44 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.16 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (CONTINUED) 
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of 
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part 
of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected 
life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial 
liability. 
 
Financial guarantee contract liabilities 
A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to 
reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in 
accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. 
 
Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at their fair values and, if not designated 
as at FVTPL and do not arise from a transfer of an asset, are measured subsequently at the higher of: 
 
• 
The amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with IFRS 9 (see financial assets 
above); and 
• 
The amount recognised initially less, where appropriate, cumulative amortisation recognised 
in accordance with the revenue recognition policies set out above. 
 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost 
at the end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the 
amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the ‘Other 
(Losses) / Gains – net’ line item in profit or loss (note 9) for financial liabilities that are not part of a 
designated hedging relationship. For those which are designated as a hedging instrument for a hedge of 
foreign currency risk foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income 
and accumulated in a separate component of equity. 
 
The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign 
currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that 
are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses. 
 
Derecognition of financial liabilities 
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are 
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial 
liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
Derivatives are recognised initially at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are 
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is 
recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging 
instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the 
hedge relationship. A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a 
derivative with a negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-127

--- Page 370 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
45 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.17 
HEDGE ACCOUNTING 
 
The Group may designate certain derivatives as hedging instruments in respect of interest rate risk as 
cash flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments are accounted for as cash flow 
hedges. 
 
At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the relationship between the hedging 
instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for 
undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing 
basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting changes in fair 
values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging 
relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements: 
 
- 
There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument; 
- 
The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic 
relationship; and 
- 
The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of 
the hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that 
the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item. 
 
If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio 
but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the 
Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the 
qualifying criteria again. 
 
3.18 
SHARE CAPITAL 
 
Ordinary shares 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. The bonus shares and rights issued during the year are shown 
as an addition to the share capital. Issue of bonus shares are deducted from the accumulated retained 
earnings of the Group. Any share premium on rights issues are accounted for in compliance with local 
statutory requirements. 
 
Dividend on ordinary share capital 
Dividend distributions to the Group’s shareholders are recognised as a liability in the consolidated 
financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the shareholders. Dividends 
for the year that are approved after the reporting date of the consolidated financial statements are 
considered as an event after the reporting date. 
 
3.19 
EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS 
is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is determined 
by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number 
of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which comprise 
convertible notes and share options granted to employees, if any. 
 
Where the effect of the assumed conversion of the convertible notes and the exercise of all outstanding 
options have an anti-dilutive effect, basic and diluted EPS are stated at the same amount. 
 
3.20 
INVENTORIES  
 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.  
 
The cost of inventories is based on the weighted average principle, and includes expenditure incurred 
in acquiring the inventories and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing location and 
condition.  
 
Net realisable value is based on estimated selling price less any further costs expected to be incurred on 
completion and disposal. 
F-128

--- Page 371 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
46 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.21 
PROVISIONS 
 
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a 
past event, and it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation. Provisions are 
measured as a best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the reporting date, 
and are discounted to present value where the effect is material. 
 
Decommissioning liability 
The Group recognises a decommissioning liability where it has a present legal or constructive obligation 
as a result of past events, and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the 
obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of obligation can be made. 
 
The Group records full provision for the future costs of decommissioning for network and other assets. 
When the liability is initially recognised, the present value of the estimated costs is capitalised by 
increasing the carrying amount of the related network and other assets to the extent that it was incurred 
by the development/ construction.  
 
Changes in the estimated timing or cost of decommissioning are dealt with prospectively by recording 
an adjustment to the provision and a corresponding adjustment to network and other assets. Any 
reduction in the decommissioning liability and, therefore, any deduction from the asset to which it 
relates, may not exceed the carrying amount of that asset. If it does, any excess over the carrying value 
is taken immediately to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
If the change in estimate results in an increase in the decommissioning liability and, therefore, an 
addition to the carrying value of the asset, the Group considers whether this is an indication of 
impairment of the asset as a whole, and if so, tests for impairment. If, the estimate for the revised value 
of network and other assets net of decommissioning provision exceeds the recoverable value, that 
portion of the increase is charged directly to expense. 
 
Over time, the discounted liability is increased for the change in present value based on the discount 
rate that reflects current market assessments and the risks specific to the liability. The periodic 
unwinding of the discount is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as a finance cost. 
 
The Group recognises neither the deferred tax asset in respect of the temporary difference on the 
decommissioning liability nor the corresponding deferred tax liability in respect of the temporary 
difference on a decommissioning asset. 
 
End of service benefits 
The Group provides end of service benefits to its employees. The entitlement to these benefits is based 
upon the employees’ final salary and length of service, subject to the completion of a minimum service 
period, calculated under the provisions of the Labour Law and is payable upon resignation or 
termination of the employee. The expected costs of these benefits are accrued over the period of 
employment. 
F-129

--- Page 372 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
47 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.21 
PROVISIONS (CONTINUED) 
 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits 
Pension costs under the Group’s defined benefit pension plans are determined by periodic actuarial 
calculation using the projected-unit-credit method and applying the assumptions on discount rate, 
expected return on plan assets and annual rate of increase in compensation.  
 
The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by 
estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, 
discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. 
 
The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the 
projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the 
recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future 
refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value 
of economic benefits, consideration is given to any applicable minimum funding requirements. 
 
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the 
return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), 
are recognised immediately in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest 
expense (income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate 
used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the then-net 
defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability 
(asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net interest expense and 
other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
 
When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that 
relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The 
Group recognises gains and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement 
occurs. 
 
With respect to the Qatari nationals, the Company makes contributions to Qatar Retirement and 
Pension Authority as a percentage of the employees’ salaries in accordance with the requirements of 
respective local laws pertaining to retirement and pensions. The share of contributions to these 
schemes, which are defined contribution schemes under IAS – 19 'Employee Benefits' are charged to 
the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Long-term incentive plan 
The Group provides long term incentive points (the “benefit”) to its employees under the long term 
incentive plan. The entitlement to these benefits is based on employee performance and the overall 
performance of the Group, subject to fulfilling certain conditions (“vesting conditions”) under 
documented plan and is payable upon end of the vesting period (the “exercise date”). The benefit is 
linked to the performance of employees and the Group, and the Group proportionately recognises the 
liability against these benefits over the vesting period through the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss, until the employees become unconditionally entitled to the benefit.  
 
The fair value of the liability is reassessed on each reporting date and any changes in the fair value of 
the benefit are recognised through the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Once the benefit is settled in cash at the exercise date, the liability is derecognised. The amount of cash 
settlement is determined based on a number of factors including the number of incentive points 
awarded, the Group’s operating performance based on predetermined targets and the Group’s share 
price performance over the vesting period. On breach of the vesting conditions, the liability is 
derecognised through the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
F-130

--- Page 373 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
48 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.22 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS 
 
Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial 
statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Transactions in foreign 
currencies are initially recorded by the Group entities at their respective functional currency rate 
prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are retranslated at the functional currency spot rate of exchange ruling at the end of the 
financial reporting year. 
 
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated 
using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at 
fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is 
determined. Foreign currency differences arising on retranslation are recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss, except for differences arising on the retranslation of fair value through other 
comprehensive income which are recognised in other comprehensive income. 
 
Translation of foreign operations 
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on 
acquisition, are translated to Qatari riyals at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and 
expenses of foreign operations are translated to Qatari Riyals at exchange rates at the dates of the 
transactions. 
 
Foreign currency differences are recognised in other comprehensive income, and presented in the 
foreign currency translation reserve in equity. However, if the operation is a non-wholly-owned 
subsidiary, then the relevant proportionate share of the translation difference is allocated to the non-
controlling interests. When a foreign operation is disposed of such that control or significant influence 
is lost, the cumulative amount in the translation reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified 
to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.  
 
When the Group disposes of only part of its interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation 
while retaining control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to non-
controlling interests. When the Group disposes of only part of its investment in an associate that 
includes a foreign operation while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant 
proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
When the settlement of a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation is neither 
planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, foreign exchange gains and losses arising from such a 
monetary item are considered to form part of a net investment in a foreign operation and are recognised 
in other comprehensive income, and presented in the translation reserve in equity. 
 
3.23 IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets, other than inventories, are reviewed at each 
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, 
then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating 
unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the 
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For 
the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that 
generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other 
assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).  
 
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds 
its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss.  
F-131

--- Page 374 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
49 
3. 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
3.23 
IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the 
carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the 
other assets in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis. Impairment losses recognised in prior 
periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer 
exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the 
recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount 
does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or 
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. 
 
3.24 
SEGMENT REPORTING 
 
Segment results that are reported to the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) include 
items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. 
Financial information on operating segments is presented in note 45 to the consolidated financial 
statements. 
 
3.25 
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE 
 
The consolidated financial statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the reporting 
date and the date when the consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, provided they 
give evidence of conditions that existed at the reporting date. Any post year-end events that are non-
adjusting events are discussed in the consolidated financial statements when material. 
 
3.26 
ACCOUNTING FOR LEVIES  
 
IFRIC 21 governs the accounting for levies that do not fall within the scope of IAS 12 “Income Taxes”. 
The Group makes payments to certain regulatory bodies that are based on certain percentages of 
revenue from regulated activities. As such, management has assessed these payments to be in the scope 
of IFRIC 21, rather than IAS 12 and treated these payments as expenses in the statement of profit or 
loss. 
 
3.27 
ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE 
 
Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be 
recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is 
considered highly probable. They are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less 
costs to sell, except for assets such as deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial 
assets and investment properties that are carried at fair value and contractual rights under insurance 
contracts, which are specifically exempt from this requirement. 
 
An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset (or disposal 
group) to fair value less costs to sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less 
costs to sell of an asset (or disposal group), but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss 
previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of the sale of the noncurrent 
asset (or disposal group) is recognised at the date of derecognition. 
 
Non-current assets (including those that are part of a disposal group) are not depreciated or amortised 
while they are classified as held for sale. Interest and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a 
disposal group classified as held for sale continue to be recognised. 
 
Assets classified as held for sale and the assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale are 
presented separately from the other assets in the balance sheet. The liabilities of a disposal group 
classified as held for sale are presented separately from other liabilities in the statement of financial 
position. 
F-132

--- Page 375 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
50 
4. 
REVENUE 
 
The Group derives its revenue from contracts with customers for the transfer of goods and services over 
time and at a point in time in the following revenue streams. The disclosure of revenue by streams is 
consistent with the revenue information that is disclosed for each reportable segment under IFRS 8 (see 
note 45). 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of services 
21,438,246 
21,114,169 
Sale of telecommunication equipment 
1,652,717 
1,485,709 
Equipment rental revenue 
72,746 
98,306 
23,163,709 
22,698,184 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At a point in time 
1,652,717 
1,485,709 
Overtime 
21,510,992 
21,212,475 
23,163,709 
22,698,184 
 
5. 
OTHER INCOME 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Dividend income 
- 
 2,050  
Rental income 
36,691 
 35,178  
Miscellaneous income (i) 
634,839 
158,190 
671,530 
195,418 
 
(i) 
A part of the regulatory tariff levied on mobile telecommunication operators in Kuwait by the 
Ministry of Communications since 26 July 2011 was invalidated by the Kuwait Court of 
Cassation in April 2017. Accordingly, the Group has contingent assets in the form of recovery 
of excess regulatory tariff paid. In March 2023, the Court of Cassation rendered its ruling in 
favour of the Group for a part of the contingent asset by enforcing Communication and 
Information Technology Regulatory Authority (“CITRA”) and Ministry of Communication 
(“MOC”) to compensate the company a sum of QR. 510 million (KD 43.8 million) for the period 
till August 2016. The Group completed the execution process and received the full amount of 
the judgement which has been recognised as “other income” in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss during the period. The Group has already filed claims to recover remaining excess 
regulatory tariff for the period from August 2016 till date. 
 
 
F-133

--- Page 376 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
51 
6. 
NETWORK, INTERCONNECT AND OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Outpayments and interconnect charges 
1,554,126 
1,817,200 
Regulatory and related fees 
1,647,830 
1,500,085 
Rentals and utilities 
687,712 
705,552 
Network operation and maintenance 
1,811,375 
 1,537,695  
Cost of equipment sold and other services 
3,060,286 
2,947,784 
Marketing costs and sponsorship 
385,606 
645,603 
Commission on cards 
656,858 
629,807 
Legal and professional fees * 
273,462 
249,837 
Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories 
52,055 
12,108 
Other expenses 
632,948 
575,280 
10,762,258 
10,620,951 
 
*Legal and professional fees include fees for audit services amounting to QR. 6,485 thousand (2022: 
QR. 6,500 thousand) and fees for non-audit services amounting to QR. 1,583 thousand (2022: QR. 1,321 
thousand). 
 
7. 
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
2,935,585 
2,962,834 
Depreciation of investment properties 
12,783 
 12,783  
Amortisation of intangible assets 
1,023,815 
1,028,365 
Amortisation of right-of-use assets 
612,275 
561,297 
4,584,458 
4,565,279 
 
8. 
FINANCE COSTS AND FINANCE INCOME 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Finance costs 
 
 
Interest on loans and borrowings 
557,503 
708,322 
Amortisation of deferred financing costs (Note 29) 
24,323 
39,579 
Interest on lease liabilities 
262,567 
263,304 
Other finance costs 
16,170 
21,168 
Total finance costs 
860,563 
1,032,373 
 
 
Finance income 
 
 
Interest income* 
325,459 
266,883 
Total finance income 
325,459 
266,883 
*The interest income mainly comprises interest earned on term deposits. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-134

--- Page 377 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
52 
9. 
OTHER GAINS / (LOSSES) – NET 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Gain on sale of non-financial assets 
33,967 
40,704
Change in fair value of derivatives – net  
(1,307) 
681
Unrealised gain on equity investment at FVTPL 
80,809 
52,069
Foreign currency loss - net (i) 
(277,013) 
(3,077,354)
Gain on deconsolidation of a subsidiary (ii) 
- 
2,571,881
Gain on disposal of investment in associate (iii) 
139,173 
-
Miscellaneous loss - net  
(17,709) 
(58,152)
(42,080) 
(470,171)
 
(i) Given the exchange controls implemented in Myanmar, management have applied their judgement 
in the determination of the ‘spot rate’. Accordingly, the ‘Central Bank of Myanmar published Bank 
Customer transactions weighted average rate’ has been used to translate and record the US Dollar 
denominated balances at the end of the reporting period. The same rate was also used to translate the 
Ooredoo Myanmar Limited operations to the Group’s presentation currency. 
 
(ii) Merger between Indosat Ooredoo (“IO”) and PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia. 
 
On 4 January 2022, one of the subsidiaries of the Group namely IO completed a statutory merger with 
PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia (“H3I”), the Indonesian subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited 
(“CKH”).  
 
The merger was approved by the shareholders on 28 December 2021. However, the remaining ministry 
approvals to finalise the merger deal (Minister of Law and Human Rights and Ministry of 
Communication and Informatics) were only received on 4 January 2022. Accordingly, the merger was 
completed as of that date, and the Group lost control over IO in which the Group had 65% shareholding 
via Ooredoo Asia - its fully owned subsidiary, when the new board of directors came into effect.  
 
On the same day of merger closing, CK Hutchison Group acquired a 50% shareholding in Ooredoo 
Hutchison Asia (“OHA”) (previously known as Ooredoo Asia). Following this restructuring, the Group 
and CK Hutchison Group each owns 50% of OHA, based on which Ooredoo Group and CK Hutchison 
Group now have joint control over 65.6% ownership stake in the merged company via OHA. The merger 
has resulted in the deconsolidation of IO and the recognition of the retained interest as investment in a 
joint venture with effective ownership of 32.8%. 
F-135

--- Page 378 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
53 
9. 
OTHER GAINS / (LOSSES) – NET (CONTINUED) 
 
Below is the carrying amounts of IO’s assets and liabilities as at the date of the merger: 
 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
 8,560,998  
Intangible assets, goodwill and long-term prepayments 
5,477,053 
Right-of-use assets 
 3,051,059  
Investment properties 
 56,816  
Investment in associates and joint ventures 
71,309 
Financial assets – equity instruments 
96,716 
Other non-current assets 
634,429 
Deferred tax assets 
171,518 
Inventories 
4,628 
Contract costs 
21,393 
Trade and other receivables 
1,403,152 
Bank balances and cash 
1,044,340 
Assets held for sale 
300,492  
Total Assets 
20,893,903 
 
Loans and borrowings 
4,343,615 
Employees’ benefits 
118,695 
Lease liabilities 
4,336,974 
Deferred tax liabilities 
267,962 
Other non-current liabilities 
974,244 
Contract liabilities 
49,679 
Trade and other payables 
4,127,166 
Deferred income 
694,829 
Income tax payable 
4,999 
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale  
5,149 
Intercompany payables 
10,756 
Total Liabilities 
14,934,068 
Net assets 
5,959,835 
Non-controlling interest 
(1,206,108) 
Carrying amount of net assets derecognised 
4,753,727 
 
Below is the calculation of the gain on the deconsolidation: 
 
QR.’000 
Consideration received or receivable: 
 
Fair value of retained interest in Ooredoo Hutchison Asia* 
5,916,347 
Cash received 
1,409,261 
Total consideration 
7,325,608 
Carrying amount of net assets derecognised 
(4,753,727) 
Gain on sale before recycling of foreign currency translation reserve 
2,571,881 
Recycling of foreign currency translation reserve 
(2,555,069) 
Gain on deconsolidation 
16,812 
 
* The fair value of the retained interest in OHA is derived from the quoted price of merged entity Indosat 
Ooredoo Hutchison (“IOH”)’s shares on the effective merger date with appropriate consideration and 
adjustment for a control premium. Management exercised judgement and the control premium applied 
was determined to be 40%, which is a level 2 valuation technique. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-136

--- Page 379 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
54 
9. 
OTHER GAINS / (LOSSES) – NET (CONTINUED) 
 
(iii) Meeza’s Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) 
 
The IPO process of one of the Group’s associates, namely Meeza, was concluded during the year and the 
shares started trading on the QSE effective 23 August 2023. As a result of the IPO, the Group’s 
ownership in Meeza was reduced from 20% to 10% for a cash consideration of QR. 136 million, with the 
retained 10% interest fair valued at QR. 141 million on that day. Management carried out an assessment 
to determine if the Group still exercised significant influence over Meeza post IPO and reduction of its 
stake and it was concluded that such influence has been lost. Accordingly, the remaining stake is now 
classified as an equity investment at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
Below is the calculation of the gain on the disposal: 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
Consideration received or receivable: 
 
Fair value of retained interest in Meeza 
140,828 
Cash received 
136,438 
Total consideration 
277,266 
Carrying amount of investment 
(138,093) 
Gain on disposal 
139,173 
 
10. 
ROYALTY FEES 
 
2023 
2022* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Royalty  
238,348 
249,306 
 
In accordance with the terms of a license granted to Omani Qatari Telecommunications Company 
S.A.O.G. to operate telecommunication services in the Sultanate of Oman, Royalty is payable to the 
Government of the Sultanate of Oman, effective from March 2005. The royalty payable is calculated 
based on 12% of the net of predefined sources of revenue and interconnection expenses to local 
operators for mobile license and 10% for fixed license which is accounted for under IFRIC 21. 
 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain changes in comparative information. 
 
11. 
BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the earnings for the period attributable to the 
shareholders of the parent by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. 
 
There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding at any time during the year and, therefore, the 
dilutive earnings per share is equal to the basic earnings per share. 
 
2023 
2022 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent 
(QR.’000) 
3,015,878 
2,360,234 
Weighted average number of shares (In ’000) 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
Basic and diluted earnings per share (QR.) 
0.94 
0.74 
 
F-137

--- Page 380 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
55 
 
12. 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 
Land and 
buildings 
Exchange and 
networks 
assets 
Subscriber 
apparatus 
and other 
equipment 
Capital work 
in progress 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2022 
 2,860,754  
 38,381,958  
 5,307,409  
 1,969,881  
 48,520,002  
Additions 
14,890 
844,575 
 103,589  
1,668,176 
2,631,230 
Transfers 
219,741 
1,290,829 
 504,394  
(2,014,964) 
- 
Disposals 
(25,564) 
(317,709) 
(75,439) 
(58) 
(418,770) 
Reclassification 
- 
- 
- 
(97,552) 
(97,552) 
Exchange adjustment 
(31,904) 
(925,262) 
(148,082) 
(22,769) 
(1,128,017) 
At 31 December 2022 
3,037,917 
39,274,391 
5,691,871 
1,502,714 
49,506,893 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
29,668 
622,675 
150,174 
1,900,853 
2,703,370 
Transfers 
77,936 
1,436,878 
239,634 
(1,754,448) 
- 
Disposals 
(25,495) 
(272,066) 
(137,854) 
(27) 
(435,442) 
Reclassification 
- 
45,999 
1,189 
(205,435) 
(158,247) 
Exchange adjustment 
68,619 
762,272 
(110,826) 
6,346 
726,411 
At 31 December 2023 
3,188,645 
41,870,149 
5,834,188 
1,450,003 
52,342,985 
 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2022 
 1,479,174  
 27,658,904  
 4,513,260  
- 
 33,651,338  
Provided during the year  
96,595 
2,471,726 
394,513 
- 
2,962,834 
Impairment during the 
year 
- 
- 
(2,856) 
- 
(2,856) 
Disposals  
(17,534) 
(313,057) 
(75,014) 
- 
(405,605) 
Reclassification 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Exchange adjustment 
(13,975) 
(750,328) 
(132,143) 
- 
(896,446) 
At 31 December 2022 
1,544,260 
29,067,245 
4,697,760 
- 
35,309,265 
 
 
 
 
 
Provided during the year  
110,833 
2,408,651 
416,101 
- 
2,935,585 
Impairment during the 
year 
- 
98,042 
(155) 
- 
97,887 
Disposals  
(10,283) 
(265,777) 
(129,635) 
- 
(405,695) 
Reclassification 
- 
7,990 
- 
- 
7,990 
Exchange adjustment 
16,359 
591,657 
(115,820) 
- 
492,196 
At 31 December 2023 
1,661,169 
31,907,808 
4,868,251 
- 
38,437,228 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2023 
1,527,476 
9,962,341 
965,937 
1,450,003 
13,905,757 
At 31 December 2022 
1,493,657 
10,207,146 
994,111 
1,502,714 
14,197,628  
 
 
 
F-138

--- Page 381 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
                                                                                                           56 
 
13. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL  
 
Licence 
costs 
Goodwill 
Customer 
contracts and 
related 
customer  
relationship 
Trade names 
 
Software and 
other 
intangibles 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2022 
26,307,466 
5,805,552  
107,722 
893,972 
3,946,552 
37,061,264 
Additions 
 20,894  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  97,608  
  118,502  
Disposals 
 (3,642) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (37,969)
 (41,611)
Reclassification 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 97,552  
 97,552  
Exchange adjustment 
 (1,071,107) 
 (203,935)
 (7,184)
 (24,134)
 11,734  
 (1,294,626) 
At 31 December 2022 
25,253,611 
5,601,617 
100,538 
869,838 
4,115,477 
35,941,081 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition of a subsidiary 
- 
72,830 
- 
- 
- 
72,830 
Derecognition of licence cost 
(163,399) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(163,399) 
Additions 
155,443 
- 
- 
- 
117,723 
273,166 
Disposals 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(8,299) 
(8,299) 
Reclassification 
- 
- 
- 
- 
200,149 
200,149 
Exchange adjustment 
(120,134) 
50,942 
5,029 
36,006 
11,371 
(16,786) 
At 31 December 2023 
25,125,521 
5,725,389 
105,567 
905,844 
4,436,421 
36,298,742 
 
 
F-139

--- Page 382 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
57 
 
13. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
License 
costs 
Goodwill 
Customer 
contracts and 
related 
customer 
relationship 
Brand/ 
Trade names 
 
Software and 
other 
intangibles 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Accumulated amortisation and 
impairment losses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2022 
 14,451,200  
 630,064  
 107,722  
 883,667  
 2,900,189  
 18,972,842  
Amortisation 
 702,608  
 -  
 -  
 9,937  
 315,820  
 1,028,365  
Disposals 
 (3,642) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (34,864)
 (38,506)
Exchange adjustment 
 (682,531) 
 (14,589)
 (7,184)
 (23,766)
 4,826  
 (723,244)
At 31 December 2022 
14,467,635 
615,475 
100,538 
869,838 
3,185,971 
19,239,457 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation 
719,325 
- 
- 
- 
304,490 
1,023,815 
Impairment during the year 
- 
524,974 
- 
- 
- 
524,974 
Disposals 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(8,299) 
(8,299) 
Reclassification 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(7,990) 
(7,990) 
Exchange adjustment 
(37,873) 
2,169 
5,029 
36,006 
6,925 
12,256 
At 31 December 2023 
15,149,087 
1,142,618 
105,567 
905,844 
3,481,097 
20,784,213 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2023 
9,976,434 
4,582,771 
- 
- 
955,324 
15,514,529 
At 31 December 2022 
10,785,976 
4,986,142 
- 
- 
929,506 
16,701,624 
 
(i) On 16 April 2023, the Group acquired through Iraq Al Mustaqbal for Communication and Internet Services and Electronic Service Ltd. (Iraq Al Mustaqbal), 
49% of the shares of Masarat Al Iraq Information Technology Company Ltd. (Al Masarat), a limited liability company incorporated in Iraq with the license to 
provide fibre media and internet services as an Internet Service Provider (ISP). 
 
The Group has determined that by virtue of majority representation on the Board of Directors, the Group controls Al Masarat. As a result, Al Masarat has been 
treated as a subsidiary and its financial statements are consolidated into Ooredoo Group consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 
 
The acquired net assets of Al Masarat amount to QR. 579 thousand based on the carrying amount of net assets of Al Masarat as at the date of acquisition. The 
cost of business combination amounted to QR. 73,409 thousand with a resultant goodwill of QR. 72,830 thousand. The above amounts have been provisionally 
reflected in Ooredoo Group consolidated financial statements pending the completion of a Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) exercise to identify the fair value of 
identifiable assets and liabilities arising from the business combination. 
 
F-140

--- Page 383 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
58 
 
13. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
i 
Impairment testing of goodwill 
 
Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to individual cash generating 
units (CGUs) for impairment testing as follows: 
 
Carrying 
value 
Carrying 
value 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash generating units 
 
 
 
Ooredoo Kuwait 
579,506 
582,218 
Ooredoo Algeria 
1,787,099 
1,795,461 
Ooredoo Tunisia (Note 27) 
1,779,513 
2,291,291 
Asiacell Communications PJSC 
322,478 
275,690 
Others 
114,175 
41,482 
4,582,771 
4,986,142 
 
Movement in the Goodwill carrying value is driven by impairment and exchange adjustments during 
the year. The Goodwill was tested for impairment as at 31 December 2023. The recoverable amount of 
the CGUs was determined based on value in use calculated using cash flows projections by management 
covering a period of five years.  
 
ii 
Key Assumptions used in value in use calculations 
 
Key Assumptions 
 
The principal assumptions used to determine value-in-use include long-term cash flows, discount rates, 
terminal value growth rate estimates, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation 
(“EBITDA”) growth rate and CAPEX. The assumptions are constructed based upon historic experience 
and management’s best estimate of future trends and performance and take into account anticipated 
efficiency improvements over the forecasted period. 
 
Discount rates 
Discount rates reflect management’s estimate of the risks specific to each CGU. Discount rates are based 
on a weighted average cost of capital for each CGU and ranged from 9.8% to 24.4% (2022: 9.0% to 
22.9%) In determining the appropriate discount rates for each CGU, the yield local market ten-year 
government bond is used, where available. If unavailable, yield on a ten-year US Treasury bond and 
specific risk factors for each country has been taken into consideration. 
 
Terminal value growth rate 
The business plans take into account local market considerations such as the revenues and costs 
associated with future customer growth, the impact of local market competition and consideration of 
the local macro-economic and political trading environment. The growth rate does not exceed the 
average long-term growth rate for the relevant markets and it ranges from 4.3% to 6.5% (2022: 4.3% to 
6.5%). 
 
Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortisation  
The cash flow forecasts for budgeted EBITDA are derived from revenue, and the related cost of sales 
and operating expenses. The forecasts are mainly based on past experience and management’s best 
estimate of future trends in the market including number of customers, penetrations, average revenue 
per users, new products and services. 
 
Budgeted Capex 
The cash flow forecasts for budgeted capital expenditure are based on past experience and include the 
ongoing capital expenditure required to continue rolling out networks in emerging markets, providing 
enhanced voice and data products and services, and meeting the population coverage requirements of 
certain licenses of the Group. Capital expenditure includes cash outflows for the purchase of property, 
plant and equipment and other intangible assets. 
F-141

--- Page 384 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
59 
 
13. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
ii 
Key Assumptions used in value in use calculations (continued) 
 
 
Long-term cash flows and working capital estimates 
The Group prepares cash flow forecasts for the next five years, derived from the most recent annual 
business plan approved by the Board of Directors.  
 
At 31 December 2023, the discount rate used for Ooredoo Algeria was 14.59% (2022: 14.58%) and the 
terminal growth rate was 6.0% (2022: 6.5%). Management considers that changes to the discount rate 
and the terminal growth rate could cause the carrying value of the following CGUs to exceed their 
recoverable amount. If the discount rate is increased by 3.8% pp (2022: 3.6% pp) or if the terminal 
growth rate is decreased by 5.8% pp (2022: 5.4% pp) with all other variables held constant, the 
recoverable amount would equal the carrying value. 
 
At 31 December 2023, if the discount rate used for Ooredoo Tunisia had been higher/lower by 0.5% 
with all other variables held constant, the impairment charge would have been QR. 142,292 thousand 
higher/QR. 159,329 thousand lower. 
 
At 31 December 2023, the discount rate used for Ooredoo Kuwait was 9.79% (2022: 8.98%) and the 
terminal growth rate was 4.8% (2022: 5.1%). Management considers that changes to the discount rate 
and the terminal growth rate could cause the carrying value of the CGU to exceed their recoverable 
amount. If the discount rate is increased by 4.3% pp (2022: 3.6% pp) or if the terminal growth rate is 
decreased by 6% pp (2022: 4.6% pp) with all other variables held constant, the recoverable amount 
would equal the carrying value. 
 
At 31 December 2023, the discount rate used for Asiacell Communications PJSC was 12.45% (2022: 
12.35%) and the terminal growth rate was 4.6% (2022: 5.5%). Management considers that any 
reasonable changes to the discount rate and the terminal growth rate will not cause the carrying value 
of the CGUs to exceed the recoverable amount.  
 
The calculation of the recoverable amount of the remaining CGUs include high headroom and 
management has assessed that any reasonable possible change in key assumptions in relation to these 
CGUs would not result in an impairment loss. 
 
14. 
RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
 
                                                           Right-of-use assets 
Land and 
buildings 
Exchange 
and network 
assets 
Subscriber 
apparatus 
and other 
equipment 
Indefeasible 
rights-of-use 
(IRU) 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2022 
751,349 
4,809,279 
99,525 
85,043 
5,745,196 
Additions 
64,274 
280,760 
51,571 
42,506 
439,111 
Reduction on early termination 
(5,001) 
(40,134) 
(1,004) 
(17,432) 
(63,571) 
Exchange adjustment 
(20,714) 
(285,777) 
(799) 
(5,437) 
(312,727) 
At 31 December 2022 
789,908 
4,764,128 
149,293 
104,680 
5,808,009 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
165,867 
654,615 
116,995 
7,767 
945,244 
Reduction on early termination 
(53,271) 
(196,358) 
(46,674) 
(29,424) 
(325,727) 
Exchange adjustment 
(13,664) 
(299,455) 
2,759 
794 
(309,566) 
At 31 December 2023 
888,840 
4,922,930 
222,373 
83,817 
6,117,960 
F-142

--- Page 385 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
60 
 
14. 
RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Right-of-use assets 
Land and 
buildings 
Exchange 
and 
network 
assets 
Subscriber 
apparatus 
and other 
equipment 
Indefeasibl
e rights-of-
use (IRU) 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Accumulated 
amortisation 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2022 
479,665 
2,302,368 
54,987 
47,521 
2,884,541 
Provided during the year 
94,897 
432,889 
17,344 
16,167 
561,297 
Reduction on early 
termination 
 
(1,399) 
(20,127)
(1,004)
(12,238)
(34,768)
Exchange adjustment 
(9,487) 
(178,574)
(261)
(2,666)
(190,988)
At 31 December 2022 
563,676 
2,536,556 
71,066 
48,784 
3,220,082 
 
 
 
 
 
Provided during the year 
104,153 
458,555 
33,228 
16,339 
612,275 
Reduction on early 
termination 
(50,028) 
(145,075) 
(47,450) 
(17,747) 
(260,300) 
Exchange adjustment 
2,424 
(248,808) 
1,385 
416 
(244,583) 
At 31 December 2023 
620,225 
2,601,228 
58,229 
47,792 
3,327,474 
 
Carrying value 
At 31 December 2023 
268,615 
2,321,702 
164,144 
36,025 
2,790,486 
At 31 December 2022 
226,232 
2,227,572 
78,227 
55,896 
2,587,927 
 
Following the election of the Group not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-
term and low-value leases, QR. 28,251 thousand (2022: QR. 29,404 thousand) and QR. 2,755 thousand 
(2022: QR. 4,177 thousand), respectively, were recognised as expenses during the year. Moreover, 
variable lease payments which were recognised as expenses during 2023 amounted to QR. 15,570 
thousand (2022: 18,379 thousand). 
 
(i) 
Details about the key assumptions and the calculation of the impairment on goodwill and other 
non- financial assets are provided in note 27.
F-143

--- Page 386 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
61 
 
15. 
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
At 1 January  
330,565 
 336,471  
Exchange adjustment 
21,584 
(5,906) 
At 31 December  
352,149 
330,565 
Accumulated depreciation 
 
 
At 1 January 
213,350 
 202,511  
Provided during the year 
12,783 
12,783 
Exchange adjustment 
7,106 
(1,944) 
At 31 December 
233,239 
213,350 
Carrying value At 31 December 
118,910 
117,215 
 
Investment properties comprise the portion of the Group’s headquarters building rented to a related 
party, in addition to properties not occupied by the Group and currently held for undetermined use. 
 
There was a valuation exercise performed by an external valuer, independent valuers not connected 
with the Group. The valuation conforms to International Valuation Standards. Management believe that 
the fair value investment property is approximately QR. 349,526 thousand (2022: QR. 349,105 
thousand), which is higher than the carrying value at reporting date. The fair value was determined 
based on the market comparable approach that reflects recent transaction prices for similar 
properties/other methods.  The fair value hierarchy for valuation of investment property is categorised 
under level 2. 
 
The property rental income earned by the Group from its investment properties, all of which is leased 
out under operating leases, amounted to QR. 36,691 thousand (2022: QR. 35,178 thousand). 
 
F-144

--- Page 387 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
62 
 
16. 
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES 
 
The Group has the following investment in associates and joint ventures: 
 
Associate / Joint 
Venture companies 
Principal activity 
Classification 
Country of 
incorporation 
Effective 
ownership 
2023 
2022 
 
 
Navlink, Inc. 
Managed Service Provider 
delivering technology 
solutions in the enterprise 
data market 
Associate 
United States of 
America 
40% 
40% 
Asia Mobile Holdings Pte 
Ltd (“AMH”) 
Holding company 
Associate 
Singapore 
25% 
25% 
MEEZA QSTP (Note 9) 
Information technology 
Services 
Associate 
Qatar 
- 
20% 
Titan Bull Holdings 
Limited (i) 
Holding Company 
Associate 
Cayman Islands 
18% 
18% 
Monetix SPA (i) 
Electronic Banking 
Associate 
Algeria 
19% 
19% 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia 
Pte. Ltd. 
Holding company  
Joint venture  
Singapore  
50% 
50% 
Asia Internet Holding S.a 
r.l., 
Holding Company 
Joint venture 
Luxembourg 
50% 
50% 
Intaleq Technology 
Consulting & Services 
W.L.L. 
Technical services for 
Sports venues and events 
Joint venture 
Qatar 
55% 
55% 
 
(i) 
Although the Group holds less than 20% effective holding of equity shares of certain entities, 
the Group exercises significant influence by virtue of its contractual right to appoint directors 
to the board of directors of that entity. 
 
The following table is the summarised financial information of the Group’s investments in associates 
and joint ventures: 
 
Ooredoo 
Hutchison 
Asia 
Others 
Total 
Ooredoo 
Hutchison 
Asia 
Others 
Total 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Group’s share of 
associates and joint 
ventures statement of 
financial position: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
1,661,517  
 1,104,074 
 2,765,591 
2,033,618 
1,171,304 
3,204,922 
Non-current assets 
 11,902,169 
 2,368,582 
 14,270,751 
11,407,542 
2,563,426 
13,970,968 
Current liabilities 
 (4,242,914) 
 (788,980)  (5,031,894) (4,402,278) 
(685,100) (5,087,378) 
Non-current liabilities 
 (7,694,376)  (2,095,729)  (9,790,105) (7,639,508) (2,284,267) 
(9,923,775) 
Net assets 
 1,626,396 
 587,947 
 2,214,343 
1,399,374 
765,363 
2,164,737 
Goodwill  
 4,216,647 
 654,037 
 4,870,684 
4,170,023 
716,315 
4,886,338 
Carrying amount of the 
investments 
5,843,043 
 1,241,984 
 7,085,027 
5,569,397 
1,481,678 
7,051,075 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group’s share of 
associates’ and joint 
ventures’ revenues and 
results: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
4,019,755 
 1,746,234 
 5,765,989 
3,762,633 
1,666,625 
5,429,258 
Profit for the year 
385,761 
 11,944 
 397,705 
406,430 
15,753 
422,183 
 
F-145

--- Page 388 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
63 
 
16. 
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED) 
 
The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments has changed as follows in the year ended 31 
December 2023: 
Ooredoo Hutchison 
Asia (i) 
Others 
Total 
2023 
2023 
2023 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
At 1 January 
5,569,397 
1,481,678 
7,051,075 
Disposal (iii) 
- 
(138,093) 
(138,093) 
Share of results for the year 
385,761 
11,944 
397,705 
Other comprehensive income 
35,295 
1,781 
37,076 
Dividend received 
(147,411) 
(36,416) 
(183,827) 
Impairment (ii) 
- 
(78,909) 
(78,909) 
At 31 December 
5,843,042 
1,241,985 
7,085,027 
 
 
In 2023, the Group received dividends from associates and joint ventures amounting to QR. 183,827 
thousand (2022: QR. 157,534 thousand). 
 
(i) As a result of the merger that took place on 4 January 2022 between IO and PT Hutchison 3 
Indonesia (note 9.ii), the Group deconsolidated IO and recognised the retained interest as an 
investment in a joint venture. 
 
(ii) The significant balance of investment in associates relates to Asia Mobile Holdings Pte Ltd. 
(“AMH”). As at 31 December 2023, the Group assessed its investment in AMH by comparing the 
recoverable amount (based on value in use calculations computed using cash flow projections) to the 
carrying value of the cash generating unit. The computations indicated that the recoverable amount of 
the investment is less than its carrying value and as a result an impairment charge of QR. 72 million has 
been reflected in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (note 27). 
 
(iii) The IPO process of one of the Group’s associates, namely Meeza, was concluded during the year 
following which the Group’s stake reduced from 20% to 10% and the investment is now classified as an 
equity investment at fair value through profit or loss. Refer to note 9.iii for further details. 
 
 
Tax demand notices against Ooredoo Hutchison Asia 
 
As at the reporting date, one of the Group’s joint ventures, Ooredoo Hutchison Asia was subject to tax 
demand assessments by the Indonesia Tax Authority for Value Added Tax (VAT) claims from years 
2009 to 2018 for an amount of QR. 45 million; corporate tax claims for years 2007-2018 and 
withholding tax claims for years 2012-2019 amounting to QR. 600 million. The joint venture has 
applied its judgement and recognised provisions amounting to QR. 256 million in respect of these 
matters and has included contingent liabilities where economic outflows are considered possible but 
not probable. Pursuant to the IO and Hutchison Merger in January 2022, IOH has become an Associate 
entity and if any tax risk materialise, the impact on the Group is limited to its shareholding in this entity 
(32.82%). 
 
The significant balance of investment in joint ventures relates to Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (“OHA”). 
During the year, management has performed impairment indicator assessment of OHA based on the 
currently available information. No such indicators were noted on the basis that the fair value of the 
Group’s interest in Ooredoo Hutchison Asia derived from the quoted price of IOH’s shares is higher 
than the carrying value as at 31 December 2023.  
 
F-146

--- Page 389 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
64 
 
17. 
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE 
 
2023 
2022* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Investment in equity instrument designated at FVTOCI  
487,886 
629,385 
Financial assets measured at FVTPL 
478,497 
257,009 
966,383 
886,394 
 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain changes in comparative information. 
 
The Group’s financial assets comprise of investment in a telecommunication related company with fair 
value of QR. 420,296 thousand (2022: QR. 451,400 thousand), investment in venture capital funds and 
other private equity funds. The investment in hedge funds is accounted for at fair value through the 
statement of profit or loss (FVTPL). 
 
Other investments are accounted for at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI). The 
Group has elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as these 
investments are held for medium to long-term strategic purposes and not held for trading.  
 
Further, management believes that recognising short-term fluctuations in the fair value of these 
investments in the consolidated statement of profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s 
strategy. 
 
Refer to note 40 for related fair value information. 
 
18. 
OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Long term advances and deposits (i) 
43,111 
45,983 
Long-term prepayments (ii) 
54,510 
64,850 
Advance made for the acquisition of property, plant and 
equipment 
35,110 
30,816 
Contract assets 
79,876 
54,387 
Others 
47,013 
5,978 
259,620 
202,014 
 
(i) 
Mainly relates to long-term advances or deposits made in respect of property, plant and 
equipment. 
 
(ii) 
Long term prepayments mainly relate to payments in advance for service arrangements with 
terms ranging from 5 to 15 years. 
 
F-147

--- Page 390 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
65 
 
19. 
INCOME TAX AND OTHER TAX RELATED FEES 
 
The income tax represents amounts recognised by the subsidiaries. The major components of the 
income tax expense for the year included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows: 
 
2023 
2022* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Current income tax 
 
 
Current income tax charge 
498,099 
352,260 
Adjustment in respect of previous years' income tax 
21,632 
(38,584) 
 
 
Deferred income tax 
 
 
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences 
16,718 
58,908 
 
 
Other tax related expenses 
 
 
Industry fees (i) 
190,562 
177,818 
Other statutory fees (ii) 
48,294 
15,438 
 
 
Income tax included in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss 
775,305 
565,840 
 
* 
Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain reclassifications . 
 
(i) In accordance with its operating licenses for Public Telecommunications Networks and Services 
granted in Qatar by ICT QATAR, now referred to as the Communications Regulatory Authority (CRA), 
the Company is liable to pay to the CRA an annual industry fee which is calculated at 12.5% (2022: 
12.5%) of net profit from regulated activities undertaken in Qatar pursuant to the licenses which is 
accounted for under IAS 12. 
 
(ii) Contributions by National Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. to Kuwait Foundation for 
the Advancement of Sciences (“KFAS”), National Labour Support Tax (“NLST”) and Zakat represent 
levies/taxes imposed at the flat percentage of net profits attributable less permitted deductions under 
the prevalent respective fiscal regulations of the State of Kuwait which is accounted for under IAS 12. 
 
The Company is not subject to income tax in the State of Qatar. The tax rate applicable to the taxable 
subsidiary Companies in the range of 10% to 39% (2022: 10% to 39%) For the purpose of determining 
the taxable results for the year, the accounting profit of the companies were adjusted for tax purposes. 
Adjustments for tax purposes include items relating to both income and expense. 
 
The adjustments are based on the current understanding of the existing laws, regulations and practices 
of each subsidiaries’ jurisdiction. In view of the operations of the Group being subject to various tax 
jurisdictions and regulations, it is not practical to provide a detailed reconciliation between accounting 
and taxable profits together with the details of the effective tax rates. As a result, the reconciliation 
includes only the identifiable major reconciling items.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-148

--- Page 391 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
66 
 
19. 
INCOME TAX AND OTHER TAX RELATED FEES (CONTINUED) 
 
The reconciliation between tax expense and the product of accounting profit multiplied by the Group’s 
effective tax rate is as follows:  
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Profit before tax  
4,286,841 
3,326,748 
The Company and its subsidiaries that are not subject to 
corporate income tax 
(2,076,244) 
(1,579,678) 
Accounting profit of subsidiaries and associates that are subject 
to corporate income tax 
2,210,597 
1,747,070 
 
 
Tax charge based on the Group’s average income tax rate 
391,860 
303,434 
Add/(deduct): 
 
 
Tax effect of expenses and income that are not subject to tax 
(11,022) 
(21,649) 
Tax effect of income already subject to final tax 
30,087 
42,354 
Tax effect of temporary differences from subsidiaries with losses 
that the Group currently does not expect to use 
63,744 
74,053 
Tax effect of temporary difference due to leases 
3,175 
7,580 
Tax effect of allowances, accruals and other temporary difference 
44,024 
(4,899) 
Tax effect of depreciation – net 
(23,220) 
(36,856) 
Tax effect of unutilised tax losses brought forward 
(549) 
(11,757) 
Current income tax charge at the effective income tax 
rate of 18% (2022: 18%) 
498,099 
352,260 
 
Consolidated statement of 
financial position 
Consolidated statement of 
profit or loss 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Accelerated depreciation / 
amortization for tax 
purposes 
(55,678) 
(38,326) 
(19,339) 
(77,486) 
Losses available to offset 
against future taxable 
income 
1,995 
3,076 
(1,081) 
1,081 
Allowances, accruals and 
other temporary differences 
302,294 
317,134 
(12,359) 
17,613 
Lease liabilities 
46,522 
23,984 
16,061 
(116) 
Deferred tax expense 
- 
- 
(16,718) 
(58,908) 
Deferred tax 
asset/deferred tax 
liability – net  
295,133 
305,868 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-149

--- Page 392 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
67 
 
19. 
INCOME TAX AND OTHER TAX RELATED FEES (CONTINUED) 
 
Reconciliation of deferred tax assets: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At 1 January 
316,282 
365,551 
Deferred tax income during the year 
(881) 
(48,494)
Exchange adjustment 
5,983 
(775)
At 31 December 
321,384 
316,282 
 
Reconciliation of deferred tax liabilities: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At 1 January 
10,414 
- 
Deferred tax income during the year 
15,837 
10,414
At 31 December 
26,251 
10,414 
 
19.A PILLAR II 
 
In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) issued 
model rules for a new global minimum tax framework (Pillar Two), and various governments around 
the world have issued, or are in the process of issuing, legislation on this. On 2 February 2023, Law No. 
11 of 2022 was published which affirmed the State of Qatar's obligations with respect to combating 
international tax avoidance. The Law further stated that Executive Regulations specifying the necessary 
provisions to meet the State's obligations provided that the minimum tax rate is not less than 15%, will 
be issued in due course. Further the Group does not operate in any jurisdiction where a Pillar 2 
legislation is enacted or substantially implemented as of 31 December 2023. Management is in the 
process of assessing the impact of Pillar 2 on the Group's consolidated financial statements. 
 
20. 
CONTRACT COSTS 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Current 
222,674 
213,224 
Non-Current 
166,026 
156,521 
388,700 
369,745 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-150

--- Page 393 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
68 
 
21. 
INVENTORIES 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Subscribers’ equipment 
 142,332 
137,614 
Other equipment 
 244,834 
308,039 
Cables and transmission equipment 
 96,616  
87,368 
483,782 
533,021 
Less: Provision for obsolete and slow moving inventories  
(175,333) 
(128,257) 
308,449 
404,764 
 
Inventories consumed are recognised as expense and included under operating expenses. These 
amounted to QR. 1,952,683 thousand (2022: QR. 2,238,436 thousand). 
 
Movement in the provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories is as follows: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
128,257 
119,085 
Provided during the year  
52,055 
12,108 
Amounts written off 
(9,452) 
(1,741) 
Exchange adjustment 
4,473 
(1,195) 
At 31 December 
175,333 
128,257 
 
22. 
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 
 
 
2023 
2022 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Trade receivables – net of impairment allowances 
2,364,551 
2,799,244 
Other receivables – net of impairment allowances and 
prepayments 
1,286,828 
1,507,252 
Unbilled subscriber revenue – net of impairment allowances 
797,482 
798,023 
Contract assets – net of impairment allowances 
155,257 
159,285 
Amounts due from international carriers – net of impairment 
allowances 
482,394 
506,839 
Positive fair value of derivative contracts 
- 
2,308 
 
5,086,512 
5,772,951 
 
At 31 December 2023, trade receivables amounting to QR. 1,805,935 thousand (2022: QR. 1,557,232 
thousand) were impaired and fully provided for. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-151

--- Page 394 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
69 
 
22. 
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED) 
 
The following table details the risk profile of trade receivables based on the Group’s provision matrix. 
As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not show significantly different loss patterns for 
different customer segments, the provision for loss allowance based on past due status is not further 
distinguished between the Group’s remaining different customer base. 
 
Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 2023 
< 30 
days 
30 – 60 
days 
60-90 
days 
90-365 
days 
> 365 days 
Total 
QR.’000 QR.’000 QR.’000 QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit loss rate 
5% 
7% 
8% 
31% 
78% 
43% 
Gross carrying amount 
at default 
841,956 336,360 333,178 
754,114 
1,904,878 
4,170,486 
Lifetime ECL 
(39,995) (24,142) (27,012) 
(231,954) (1,482,832) (1,805,935) 
Carrying amount 
801,961 
312,218 306,166 
522,160 
422,046 
2,364,551 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 2022 
< 30 days 
30 – 60 
days 
60-90 
days 
90-365 
days 
> 365 days 
Total 
QR.’000 QR.’000 QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit loss rate 
5% 
5% 
9% 
27% 
65% 
36% 
Gross carrying amount 
at default 
790,890 
437,888 
263,844 
1,014,383 
1,849,471 
4,356,476 
Lifetime ECL 
(43,094)
(20,122)
(23,086)
(276,531)
(1,194,399)
(1,557,232)
Carrying amount 
747,796 
417,766 
240,758 
737,852 
655,072 
2,799,244 
 
Details about the Group’s impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in 
note 39. 
 
23. 
BANK BALANCES AND CASH  
 
Cash and cash equivalents included in the consolidated statement of cash flows comprise the following 
items: 
 
2023 
2022* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Bank balances and cash – net of impairment allowance (i, ii) 
11,462,695 
13,231,901 
Less: 
 
 
Deposits with maturity of more than three months (iii) 
(742,079) 
(370,710) 
Restricted deposits (iv) 
(600,817) 
(437,829) 
Cash and cash equivalents as per consolidated statement of cash 
flows at 31 December (v) 
10,119,799 
12,423,362 
 
* 
Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain reclassifications.   
 
(i) 
Bank balances and cash include deposits maturing after three months amounting to QR. 
5,778,417 thousand (2022: QR. 8,331,959 thousand). The Group is of the opinion that these 
deposits are readily convertible to cash and are held to meet short-term commitments. 
 
(ii) 
Deposits are made for varying periods depending on the immediate cash requirements of the 
Group and earn interest on the respective deposit rates ranging from 1.24% to 10.9% (2022: 
0.3% to 10.7%).  
 
(iii) 
Deposits with maturity of more than three months were reclassified from bank balances and 
cash. 
 
 
 
 
F-152

--- Page 395 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
70 
 
23. 
BANK BALANCES AND CASH (CONTINUED) 
 
(iv) 
The restricted deposits primarily pertain to dividend payments, issuance of bank guarantees, 
related to a regulatory disputes and various other purposes (which are not considered 
individually significant). These restricted deposits are subject to regulatory and/or other 
restrictions and are therefore not available for general use by the Group. 
 
(v) 
Certain cash and cash equivalents are used as collateral to secure the Group’s obligations. 
 
Balances with banks are assessed to have low credit risk of default since these banks are highly regulated 
by the central banks of the respective countries.  
 
The Group estimates the loss allowance on balances with banks at the end of the reporting period at an 
amount equal to 12-month ECL. None of the balances with banks at the end of the reporting period are 
past due and taking into account the historical default experience and the current credit ratings of the 
banks, the Group has recorded an impairment loss of QR. 2,106 thousand during the year ended 31 
December 2023 (2022: QR. 776 thousand). Details about the Group’s impairment policies and the 
calculation of the loss allowance are provided in note 39. 
 
Non-cash transaction 
The principal non-cash transactions during the year ended 31 December 2023 comprise mainly of 
acquisition of property, plant, and equipment and intangible assts of QR. 832,416 thousand. 
 
24. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
 
2023 
2022 
No of shares 
(‘000) 
QR.’000 
No of shares 
(‘000) 
QR.’000 
Authorised 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares of QR 1 each 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
 
 
 
 
Issued and fully paid up 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares of QR 1 each 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-153

--- Page 396 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
71 
 
25. 
RESERVES  
 
a) 
Legal reserve 
 
In accordance with Qatar Commercial Companies Law No. 11 of 2015, as amended by Law number 8 of 
2021, and the Company’s Articles of Association, 10% of the profit of the Company for the year should 
be transferred to the legal reserve until such reserves reach 50% of the issued share capital. During 
2008, an amount of QR. 5,494,137 thousand, being the net share premium amount arising out of the 
rights issue, was transferred to legal reserve. During 2012, an amount of QR. 5,940,145 thousand, being 
the net share premium amount arising out of the rights issue, was transferred to legal reserve. 
 
The reserve is not available for distribution except in the circumstances stipulated in the Qatar 
Commercial Companies Law and the Company’s Articles of Association. 
 
b) 
Fair value and other reserves 
 
The fair value and other reserves comprise the cumulative net change in the fair value of financial 
assets– equity instruments at FVTOCI and effective portion of qualifying cash flow hedges. 
 
The following tables shows the breakdown of the balance sheet line item ‘Fair value and other reserves’ 
and the movements in these reserves during the year. A description of the nature and purpose of each 
reserve is provided below the tables. 
 
Fair value 
reserve of 
investments 
classified as 
FVOCI 
Cash flow 
hedge 
reserve 
Total 
Fair value 
reserve of 
investments 
classified as 
FVOCI 
Cash flow 
hedge 
reserve 
Total 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
384,415 
(11,528) 
372,887 
430,111 
(36,658) 
393,453 
Other comprehensive 
income 
(89,066) 
931 
(88,135) 
33,021 
25,130 
58,151 
Realised gain on equity 
investment recycled to 
retained earnings 
27,715 
- 
27,715 
(78,717) 
- 
(78,717) 
At 31 December 
323,064 
(10,597) 
312,467 
384,415 
(11,528) 
372,887 
 
c) 
Employees’ benefits reserve 
 
Employment benefits reserve is created on account of adoption of revised IAS – 19 Employee benefits. 
Employee benefits reserve comprises actuarial gains (losses) pertaining to defined benefit plans. 
 
d) 
Translation reserve 
 
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the 
financial statements of foreign operations. 
 
Effective 1 September 2021, the Group regards its loans and accrued interest receivable from one of its 
subsidiaries as an extension of its net investment. Consequently, exchange differences arising on the re-
translation of these balances are recognised in other comprehensive income in the consolidated 
financial information as of that date.  
 
e) 
Other statutory reserves 
 
In accordance with the statutory regulations of the various subsidiaries, a share of their respective 
annual profits should be transferred to a non-distributable statutory reserve. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-154

--- Page 397 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
72 
 
26. 
COMPONENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Changes in fair value on investments in equity 
instruments designated as at FVTOCI 
 
 
(Loss) / gain arising during the year 
(89,161) 
32,689  
 
 
Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 
(Loss) / gain during the year 
(1,701) 
5,205 
 
 
Employment benefit Reserve 
 
 
Net movement in employees’ benefits reserve 
(2,790) 
124 
 
Associates 
 
 
Share of net gain on cash flow hedges 
2,632 
19,925 
 
 
Translation Reserves 
 
 
Exchange differences arising on conversion of foreign operations 
868,926 
(963,013)
Recycled to the consolidated statement of profit or loss on 
deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
- 
2,555,069 
868,926 
1,592,056 
777,906 
1,649,999 
 
27. 
IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON GOODWILL AND OTHER NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS  
 
 
2023 
2022 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Impairment loss on investment in associates (i) 
78,909 
196,164 
Impairment loss on Goodwill (ii) 
524,974 
- 
Impairment loss / (reversal) on other non-financial assets (iii) 
97,887 
(2,856) 
Total 
701,770 
193,308 
 
(i) During the year, the Group assessed its investment in associate (Asia Mobile Holdings Pte Ltd 
(“AMH”)) by comparing the recoverable amount (based on value in use calculations computed using 
cash flow projections) to the carrying value of the cash generating unit. The computations indicated that 
the recoverable amount of the investment is less than its carrying value and as a result an impairment 
charge of QR. 72 million has been reflected in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
(ii) During the year, and as a result of the most recent Ooredoo Tunisia performance against its budget, 
the Group reassessed its investment in Tunisia by comparing the recoverable amount (based on value 
in use calculations computed using cash flow projections) to the carrying value of the cash generating 
unit. The computations indicated that the recoverable amount of the investment is less than the carrying 
value and as a result an impairment charge of QR. 525 million has been reflected in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. 
 
(iii) During the year, due to a vendor withdrawing from the Iraqi market, the related vendor’s equipment 
in Asiacell's network which are no longer supported were scrapped and replaced. Consequently, the 
Group recorded an impairment loss amounting to QR. 81 million.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-155

--- Page 398 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
73 
 
27. 
IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON GOODWILL AND OTHER NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
The Group has assessed the impact of the on-going war in Gaza on the property, plant and equipment. 
The Group has performed an assessment and accounted for an estimated impairment of QR. 17 million. 
As events in the Gaza Strip are still developing, the Group’s management believes that it is still too early 
to quantify the impact and the losses with great precision. The Group will continue to evaluate the 
quantitative impact on its consolidated financial statements when it has more reliable and accurate 
information to estimate the impact more precisely. The Group continues to monitor the situation 
closely, including potential impacts on the employees, business results and operations. 
 
28. 
DEFERRED INCOME 
 
Deferred income pertains to unearned revenue from services that will be provided in future periods. It 
primarily includes revenue from the unused and unutilised portion of prepaid cards sold. The sale of 
prepaid cards is deferred until such time as the customer uses the airtime, or the credit expires. 
 
29. 
LOANS AND BORROWINGS 
 
Presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Secured loan 
78,035 
40,711 
Unsecured loan 
131,934 
1,969,573 
Bonds 
11,834,880 
11,834,880 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(101,481) 
(115,781) 
Total non-current liabilities 
11,943,368 
13,729,383 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Secured loan 
32,288 
31,709 
Unsecured loan 
319,444 
355,086 
Bonds 
- 
3,641,501 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(21,952) 
(23,074) 
Interest payable 
137,791 
212,233 
Total current liabilities  
467,571 
4,217,455 
Total loans and borrowings 
12,410,939 
17,946,838 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-156

--- Page 399 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
74 
 
29. 
LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED) 
 
The deferred financing costs consist of arrangement and other related fees. Movement in deferred 
financing costs was as follows: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At 1 January  
138,855 
177,750 
Additions during the year 
8,216 
- 
Amortised during the year (Note 8) 
(24,323) 
(39,579) 
Exchange adjustment 
685 
684 
At 31 December  
123,433 
138,855 
 
Type 
Currency 
Nominal 
Interest / Profit 
rate 
Year of maturity 
2023 
2022 
 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Bonds 
USD 
2.63% to 5.00% 
Oct’25 to Jan’ 43 
11,834,880 
15,476,381 
Secured Loans 
USD 
3M SOFR + 4.75% 
& fixed rate of 
6.0% to 8.50% 
Jun’24 to Apr’27 
110,323 
72,420 
Unsecured Loans 
TND 
TMM Rate + 1.50% 
Jun’24 
13,314 
39,531 
Unsecured Loans 
USD 
Fixed rate of 1.53% 
to 7%, Bank 
Muscat FD rate 
+1.75%, 3M 
SOFR + 4.70% to 
5% 
Immediate to 
Nov’26 
438,064 
2,285,128 
 
 
 
 
12,396,581 
17,873,460 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
 
 
(123,433) 
(138,855)
Interest payable 
 
 
 
137,791 
212,233 
Total 
 
 
 
12,410,939 
17,946,838 
 
(i) 
Loans and borrowings are availed for general corporate and operational purposes, financing 
working capital requirements and repayment or refinancing of existing borrowing facilities. 
(ii) 
Bonds are listed on Irish Stock Exchange. Certain bonds are unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Company. 
 
During the year, USD 1 billion bonds maturing in February 2023 were repaid to the bondholders. 
 
Refer to note 40 for the fair value of the Group’s loans and borrowings. 
 
The fair value of the Group’s loans and borrowings, which include loans and borrowings carried at fixed 
rates and floating rates, amounted to QR. 11,416,603 thousand as at 31 December 2023 (2022: QR. 
17,194,009 thousand). 
 
Loan covenants: 
 
Under the terms of the major borrowing facilities, the Group is required to comply with the following 
financial covenant: 
 
• 
the net debt not to exceed 4.5 times the EBITDA. 
 
The Group has complied with these covenants throughout the reporting period. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-157

--- Page 400 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
75 
 
30. 
EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS  
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Employees’ end of service benefits 
507,090 
498,464 
Long term incentive points-based payments * 
225,359 
212,405 
Total employee benefits 
732,449 
710,869 
Current portion of long term incentive points-based payments 
(Note 32) 
(122,607) 
(86,125) 
Total 
609,842 
624,744 
 
Movement in the provision for employees’ benefits are as follows: 
 
 
2023 
2022 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
710,869 
662,905 
Provided during the year  
181,052 
204,095 
Paid during the year  
(164,221) 
(153,376) 
Exchange adjustment 
4,749 
(2,755) 
At 31 December 
732,449 
710,869 
 
* 
The carrying amount of the liability arising from long term incentive points-based payments is 
determined by the achievement of certain performance targets and share price of the Company. 
As at the reporting date, the carrying amount of liability arising from long term incentive 
points-based payments approximates its fair value. 
 
31. 
OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
License cost payables (i) 
265,355 
560,791 
Others (ii) 
86,272 
107,810 
351,627 
668,601 
 
(i) 
License cost payables represent amounts payable to Telecom regulators in Iraq, Myanmar, and 
countries in which NMTC Group entities operate. 
(ii) 
Others mainly include long-term procurement payables. 
 
32. 
TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES  
 
2023 
2022* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Trade payables 
1,322,588 
1,291,486 
Accrued expenses (i) 
4,501,213 
4,920,698 
Payables to Communication regulatory authority 
519,980 
587,362 
Amounts due to international carriers - net (ii) 
378,025 
499,927 
Negative fair value derivatives  
257 
- 
License cost payable 
8,507 
157,646 
Long term incentive points-based payments (Note 30) 
122,607 
86,125 
Other payables (iii) 
786,281 
573,159 
7,639,458 
8,116,403 
 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain changes in comparative information.  
 
 
(i) 
This mainly consists of accrual for operating and capital expenditure. 
(ii) 
Amounts due to international carriers are offset against amounts due from international 
carriers and the net amount presented only where the Group currently has a legally enforceable 
right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. 
(iii) 
Other payables mainly include dividend payables, deposits, and advances. 
F-158

--- Page 401 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
76 
 
33. 
LEASE LIABILITIES 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At January 1 
3,804,713 
4,187,176 
Additions during the year 
945,244 
439,111 
Interest expense on lease liability 
262,567 
263,304 
Principal element of lease payments 
(793,530) 
(762,225)
Payment of interest portion of lease liability 
(160,971) 
(149,717)
Reduction on early termination 
(54,953) 
(32,179)
Exchange adjustments 
(256,803) 
(140,757)
At 31 December 
3,746,267 
3,804,713 
 
 
Non-current portion 
3,131,129 
3,142,463 
Current portion 
615,138 
662,250 
3,746,267 
3,804,713 
 
The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are 
monitored by the Group’s treasury function. 
 
 
2023 
2022 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Maturity analysis 
 
 
Not later than 1 year 
840,865 
932,672 
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years 
2,778,985 
2,963,484 
Later than 5 years 
1,158,060 
1,323,490 
Less: unearned finance cost 
(1,031,643) 
(1,414,933)
3,746,267 
3,804,713 
 
34. 
CONTRACT LIABILITIES 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Current 
53,375 
64,072 
Non-current 
13,346 
10,466 
66,721 
74,538 
 
A contract liability mainly arises in respect of the Group’s customer loyalty points scheme (“loyalty 
points”). As these loyalty points provide a benefit to customers that they would not receive without 
entering into a purchase contract, the promise to provide loyalty points to the customer is a separate 
performance obligation. The revenue related to unsatisfied or partially satisfied performance 
obligations is expected to be realised within two years of the reporting date. 
F-159

--- Page 402 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
77 
 
35. 
DIVIDEND  
 
Dividend paid and proposed 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Declared, accrued and paid during the year 
 
 
Final dividend for 2022, QR. 0.43 (2021: QR. 0.30 per share) 
1,377,376 
960,960 
 
 
Proposed for approval at Annual General Meeting (Not recognised 
as a liability as at 31 December) 
 
 
Final dividend for 2023, QR. 0.55 per share (2022: QR. 0.43 per 
share) 
1,761,760 
1,377,376 
 
The proposed final dividend will be submitted for formal approval at the Annual General Meeting. 
 
36. 
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
The Group uses cross currency swap contracts, currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps to 
manage some of the currency transaction exposure and interest rate exposure.  These contracts are not 
designated as cash flow, fair value or net investment hedges and are accounted for as derivative financial 
instruments: 
 
Notional amounts 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Currency forward contracts 
12,865 
16,148 
 
Fair values 
2023 
2022 
Derivative 
Liabilities 
Derivative 
Assets 
QR.’000
QR.’000
 
 
Currency forward contracts 
257 
608 
 
The table below shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments held as cash 
flow hedges together with the notional amounts:  
 
 
Derivative 
Assets 
Notional 
Amounts 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
31 December 2023 
 
 
Interest rate swaps 
- 
- 
31 December 2022 
 
 
Interest rate swaps 
1,700 
109,245 
F-160

--- Page 403 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
78 
 
37. 
OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS  
 
At the date of statement of financial position, the Company has outstanding commitments under non-
cancellable operating leases, which fall due as follows: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Future minimum lease payments in respect of short term and low 
value leases as at 31 December 
17,911 
26,509 
 
Upon adoption of IFRS 16, certain operating lease commitments were identified and considered. The 
leases are related to short term and low value leases. 
 
38. 
COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND LITIGATIONS 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Capital expenditure commitments 
 
 
Estimated capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the 
financial reporting year but not yet incurred 
1,322,836 
1,455,255 
Letters of credit 
270,800 
217,071 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Contingent liabilities 
 
 
Letters of guarantees 
949,304 
750,240 
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts 
28,653 
22,878 
 
Litigation and claims 
 
The Group is from time to time a party to various legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course 
of its business. The Group does not believe that the resolution of these legal actions and claims will, 
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of 
operations, except as noted below. 
 
Tax exposure for Ooredoo Tunisia 
 
As at the reporting date, one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Ooredoo Tunisia was subject to potential 
corporate income tax exposure for the years from 2018 to 2023 for an amount of QR. 145 million; 
potential registration duty exposure due to a new tax legislation that was implemented in 2013 for an 
amount of QR. 60 million. The subsidiary has applied its judgement and recognised provisions 
amounting to QR. 115 million in respect of these matters and has included contingent liabilities where 
economic outflows are considered possible but not probable. 
 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee 
 
On 10 June 2014, the Communications and Media Commission (“CMC”) issued a letter notifying 
Asiacell that the structure of the Company in relation to ownership of the shares in its capital does not 
fulfil the License requirements as an Iraqi Company to pay 15% of its gross revenue as a regulatory fee, 
as per license agreement and the CMC has instead demanded 18%. During 2022, whilst still disputing 
the matter, Asiacell, at the request of the CMC, started depositing the disputed amount of regulatory 
fees on a monthly basis covering the period until November 2022 amounting to QR. 1,210 million (USD 
332 million). The amount disputed related to December 2022 was paid in January 2023 amounting to 
QR. 9 million (USD 2.4 million).   
  
In October 2022, Asiacell received a letter from CMC requesting a late payment penalty of 4% relating 
to the 3% incremental regulatory fees that Asiacell paid for the periods 2011 to 2021. The claimed 
amount of the penalty is QR. 212 million (USD 58.5 million). Notwithstanding the payment of the 3% 
incremental regulatory fees, Asiacell management continues to claim that the fee is not legitimate based 
on the favorable court rulings and that the paid amount is only deposited with the CMC to secure the 
license renewal. Asiacell initiated a case against the CMC claiming that the CMC demand is illegal as 
the additional 3% license fee is unenforceable in view of the Court of Cassation decision. The Civil Court 
issued a stay order against the recovery of the late payment penalty amount. Asiacell then filed an 
enforcement petition before the enforcement office for execution of the said decision. CMC contested 
the petition but CMC’s claims were dismissed by the enforcement office. Based on this, Asiacell is 
confident of a successful outcome in their case and has therefore not recorded any provision for this 
matter.
F-161

--- Page 404 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
79 
 
38. 
COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND LITIGATIONS (CONTINUED) 
 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to Universal Services Fee (“USF”) 
 
On 7 December 2017, the CMC issued letters notifying Asiacell and other operators in Iraq asking them 
to hold 1.5% of their 2017 Revenues (excluding local interconnection costs) as a USF (“USF”). Asiacell 
complied with the CMC request and has a full provision for the years 2017 to 2019 amounting to QR. 
197.3 million (USD 49.1 million). In 2018, Asiacell received a second letter asking them to provision the 
1.5% USF from the end of the second anniversary of the license term (2009). Management estimates 
the additional exposure in relation to this demand is approximately QR. 691 million (USD 190 million). 
Asiacell rejected the retroactive implementation of the USF on the grounds that it is illegal. Another 
operator in Iraq initiated a dispute against the CMC decision at the CMC Hearing Panel. In February 
2021, the operator won the dispute with CMC in which the Appeal Panel stated that the CMC had no 
right to impose retroactive application of the new USF fees. Due to this, Asiacell in March 2021 initiated 
its own dispute proceeding at the CMC Hearing Panel. The Appeal Board issued a decision on 7 July 
2022 whereby it returned Asiacell's appeal on technical grounds of format. Asiacell have written a letter 
to CMC alleging that CMC can't impose fees on one party and exclude other operators under the same 
terms of the license, filing a new case in the Hearing Panel. The Hearing Panel has rejected Asiacell’s 
case and ACL has filed an appeal before the Appeal Panel which is pending adjudication as of 31 
December 2023. Based on the precedent already set, supported by external legal opinion, Asiacell is 
confident of a successful outcome in their case and has therefore not recorded any provision for this 
matter.  
 
Proceeding against Asiacell relating to 4G Licence Quality of Service Fines    
 
In January 2021, Asiacell paid a licence extension fee for 4G and 3G licence for an 8-year period. The 
renewed licence contained an annex related to quality of service (QoS) that was not finalised a the time 
of the licence award. CMC has subsequently sought to introduce the QoS annex in the licence terms, 
which initiated discussions and workshops with CMC to modify the annex. In August 2023, the CMC 
issued two fines against Asiacell amounting to QR. 116 Mn (USD 32.6 Mn) for decline in QoS related to 
4G services from the period March 2022 to February 2023. On 28 September 2023, an appeal was filed 
by Asiacell, which is currently pending adjudication. Asiacell, supported by external legal opinion, is 
confident of a successful outcome in this matter given CMC implicitly admitted that the QoS obligations 
are not in line with international standards. Therefore, Asiacell has not recorded any provision for this 
matter. 
 
Proceeding against Ooredoo Palestine 
 
On 23 October 2017, the Regulator issued a letter notifying Ooredoo Palestine to pay the second 
payment of the license acquisition fee of QR. 291 million (USD 80 million) due to the fact that Ooredoo 
Palestine reached 700 thousand subscribers. The license sets up a third license payment of QR. 488 
million (USD 134 million) when Ooredoo Palestine reaches 1 million subscribers.  
 
In September 2019, the Minister of Finance and Minister of Telecom and IT (MTIT) issued a letter 
notifying Ooredoo Palestine to pay QR. 781 million (USD 214 million) which is the remaining unpaid 
second and third payment of the license fee. These second and third payments are subject to the 
assignment of the 2G and 3G spectrum and the actual launch of these services in the West Bank and 
Gaza. 
 
Management have applied their judgement for these claims. Management, supported by their external 
legal advisors, is of the view that Ooredoo Palestine has strong grounds to defend these claims. As a 
result, management has not recorded any provision for these claims. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-162

--- Page 405 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
80 
 
 
38. 
COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND LITIGATIONS (CONTINUED) 
 
Algeria Central Bank against Ooredoo Algeria 
 
In late 2016, Algeria Central Bank (“ACB”) conducted a review of Ooredoo Algeria money transfers 
outside Algeria and currency exchange. The review claims that Ooredoo Algeria has committed money 
transfer and foreign exchange regulations violations during 2013-2014. Accordingly, in December 2018, 
Algeria’s public prosecution along with the Algerian Ministry of Finance initiated a criminal 
investigation against Ooredoo Algeria. The investigation includes 15 misdemeanour cases against 
Ooredoo Algeria in relation to money transfer from the Company’s export bank account and roaming 
repatriation of funds without complying with the central bank’s processes. The criminal court sentenced 
the company to pay a total of QR. 305 million (USD 83 million) in fines and compensation. 
 
The company has provided QR. 29 million (USD 8 million) provision related to the export bank account 
violations (14 cases). The company appealed the decision to the Court of Cassation. 
 
The net exposure amounting to QR. 276 million (USD 75 million) is related to the roaming repatriation 
case. During 2020, the company appealed the case to the Supreme court. The company, supported by 
external legal opinion, believes that it will more likely than not win the case in the Court of Cassation. 
As a result, the company did not provide for this exposure. 
 
Other matters 
 
In addition to the above matters, as at 31 December 2023, there were a number of legal, regulatory and 
tax disputes ongoing in various of the Group’s operating entities, the outcome of which may not be 
favourable to the Group, and none of which are considered individually material. The Group has applied 
its judgement and has recognised liabilities based on whether additional amounts will be payable and 
has included contingent liabilities where economic outflows are considered possible but not probable. 
 
F-163

--- Page 406 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
81 
 
 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  
 
Objectives and policies 
 
The Group’s principal financial liabilities, other than derivatives, comprise loans and borrowings, 
finance leases, and trade payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise finance for 
the Group’s operations. The Group has various financial assets such as trade receivables, investments 
and cash and short-term deposits, which arise directly from its operations. 
 
The Group also enters into derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps 
and forward currency contracts. The purpose is to manage the interest rate and currency risks arising 
from the Group’s operations and its sources of finance. 
 
The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk 
and operational risk. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these 
risks which are summarised below: 
 
Market risk  
 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange 
rates and equity prices will affect the Group’s profit, equity or value of its holding of financial 
instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk 
exposure within acceptable parameters, while optimising return. 
 
Interest rate risk 
 
The Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are subject to interest rate risk comprise bank deposits, 
loans receivable, investment measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, loans 
payables and borrowings.  The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates 
primarily to the Group’s financial assets and liabilities with floating interest rates and fixed interest 
instruments maturing within three months from the end of the financial reporting year.  
 
The Group manages its interest rate risk by having a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans 
and borrowings. To manage this, the Group enters into interest rate swaps, in which the Group agrees 
to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable rate interest amounts 
calculated by reference to an agreed upon notional amount. The swaps are designated to hedge 
underlying debt obligations. At 31 December 2023, after taking into account the effect of interest rate 
swaps, approximately 98% of the Group’s borrowings are at a fixed rate of interest (2022: 89%). 
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and 
equity to reasonably possible changes in interest rates by 25 basis points, with all other variables held 
constant.  The sensitivity of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity is the effect of the 
assumed changes in interest rates for one year, based on the floating rate financial assets and financial 
liabilities held at 31 December. The effect of decreases in interest rates is expected to be equal and 
opposite to the effect of the increases shown.
F-164

--- Page 407 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
82 
 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
profit or loss 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
changes in 
equity 
+25bp 
+25 bp 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
At 31 December 2023 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
(202) 
- 
Others 
(363) 
- 
 
 
At 31 December 2022 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
(4,707) 
- 
Others 
(138) 
- 
 
The Group has closely monitored the market and the output from the various industry working groups 
managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates. This includes announcements made by the 
IBOR regulators.  
 
Foreign currency risk 
 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will 
fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in 
foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Group’s operating activities and the Group’s net 
investment in foreign subsidiaries. 
 
The Group had the following significant net exposure denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets 
(Liabilities) 
Assets 
(Liabilities) 
 
 
Kuwaiti Dinar (KD) 
23,904 
23,366 
US Dollars (USD)  
(1,680,639) 
(2,100,111) 
Euro (EUR) 
(81,344) 
52,871 
Great British Pounds (GBP) 
(650) 
(712) 
Algerian Dinar (DZD) 
10,424 
9,161 
Others 
14,658 
18,169 
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity 
for a reasonably possible change in the following currencies against Qatari Riyal, with all other variables 
held constant, of the Group’s profit due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities 
and the Group’s equity on account of translation of foreign subsidiaries.  
 
The effect of decreases in foreign exchange rates is expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the 
increases shown: 
 
Effect on profit or loss 
2023 
2022 
+ 10% 
+ 10% 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Kuwaiti Dinar (KD) 
2,390 
2,337 
US Dollar (USD) 
(168,064) 
(210,011) 
Euro (EUR) 
(8,134) 
5,287 
Great British Pounds (GBP) 
(65) 
(71) 
Algerian Dinar (DZD) 
1,042 
916 
F-165

--- Page 408 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
83 
 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Equity price risk 
The Group is not significantly exposed to equity price risk as the balance of the investments held by the 
Group and classified either as investment in equity instruments designated at FVTOCI or Financial 
assets measured at FVTPL is not material.  
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and 
cause the other party to incur a financial loss.   
 
The Group provides telecommunication services to various customers. It is the Group’s policy that all 
customers who obtain the goods and / or services on credit terms are subject to credit verification 
procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the purchase of 
service limits are established for each customer, which are reviewed regularly based on the level of past 
transactions and settlement. 
 
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a 
lifetime expected loss allowance for trade receivables, unbilled subscriber revenue and contract assets. 
The expected credit losses on trade receivables are estimated using a provision matrix by reference to 
past default experience of the debtor and an analysis of the debtor’s current financial position, adjusted 
for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions of the industry in which the 
debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at 
the reporting date. 
 
To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables, unbilled subscriber revenue and contract 
assets have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The contract 
assets relate to unbilled services and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade 
receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected loss 
rates for the current trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the unbilled 
subscriber revenue and contract assets. 
 
For the unbilled subscriber revenue and contract assets, the provision for loss allowance amounted to 
QR. 53,985 thousand (2022: QR. 55,406 thousand). 
 
Refer to note 22 for the aging and loss rates of trade receivables. 
 
Unimpaired receivables are expected on the basis of past experience to be fully recoverable. It is not the 
practice of the Group to obtain collateral over receivables and the vast majorities are therefore, 
unsecured.  
 
The average credit period on sales of goods and rendering of services varies from 30 to 90 days 
depending on the type of customer and local market conditions. No interest is charged on outstanding 
trade receivables.  
 
Management has assessed that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions in relation to the 
provision for loss allowance would not result in a material impact. 
 
The Group applies the general model approach to measure expected credit losses for other receivables, 
cash and bank balances (excluding cash on hand) and due from related parties. 
 
Credit risk measurement  
The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess 
whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the company compares the risk of a default occurring 
on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It 
considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the following 
indicators are incorporated: 
 
- 
internal credit rating; 
- 
external credit rating (as far as available); 
- 
actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that 
are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations; 
- 
actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower; 
- 
significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower; 
- 
significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-
party guarantees or credit enhancements; and 
- 
significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower, including changes 
in the payment status of borrowers in the group and changes in the operating results of the 
borrower. 
F-166

--- Page 409 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
84 
 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated as part of 
the internal rating model. Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes 
that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when 
contractual payments are more than 30 to 90 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and 
supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.  
 
Credit risk grades  
Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of 
default. These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. Exposures 
are subject to on-going monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit 
risk grade.  
 
While other receivables and due from related parties are subject to the impairment requirements of 
IFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial. 
 
The exposure of credit risk from amounts due from international carriers is minimal as the amounts are 
driven by contractual arrangements with other telecom operators. 
 
With respect to credit risk arising from the cash and bank balances (excluding cash on hand), the 
Group’s exposure arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the 
carrying amount of these instruments. 
 
The Group reduces the exposure to credit risk arising from bank balances by maintaining bank accounts 
in reputed banks.   
 
The Group reduces the exposure to credit risk arising from bank balances by maintaining the bank 
accounts primarily with investment grade banks. As on 31 December 2023, 76% (2022: 82%) of bank 
balances were maintained with banks having a credit rating of AAA to A-, 5% (2022:6%) of bank 
balances were maintained with banks having a credit rating of BBB+ to BBB- and 19% (2022: 12%) of 
bank balances were maintained with banks having a credit rating of BB+ and below. 
 
The below table shows the collective assessment of movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised 
for financial instruments: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Balance as at 1 January  
1,863,347 
1,845,886 
Charge for the year 
431,550 
192,526 
Amounts written off 
(179,792) 
(89,623) 
Amounts recovered 
(11) 
(58,130) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
26,024 
(27,312) 
Balance as at 31 December  
2,141,118 
1,863,347 
 
Credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments is at any time, limited to those with derivative 
assets, as recorded on the consolidated statement of financial position.  With gross settled derivatives, 
the Group is also exposed to settlement risk. 
 
The carrying amount of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL and FVTOCI, as disclosed in note 17, has 
no credit risk. The Group holds no collateral over any of these balances. 
 
Credit risk management 
 
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in 
financial loss to the Group. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk 
without taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements, which will cause a 
financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties and financial 
guarantees provided by the Group arises from the carrying amount of the respective recognised 
financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position. Considering the Group’s 
large and unrelated customer base, the concentration of credit risk is limited.
F-167

--- Page 410 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
85 
 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. 
The Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have 
sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without 
incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation. The Group’s objective is to 
maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of the Group’s own 
reserves and bank facilities. The Group’s terms of sales require amounts to be paid within 30 to 90 days 
from the invoice date. 
 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 
based on contractual undiscounted payments: 
 
Less than 
 1 year 
1 to 2 
years 
2 to 5  
years 
> 5 years 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
970,802 
3,346,623 
4,444,135 
6,889,266 15,650,826 
Trade payables 
1,322,588 
- 
- 
- 
1,322,588 
License costs payable 
8,507 
8,507 
206,091 
305,525 
528,630 
Lease liabilities 
840,865 
1,164,104 
1,614,881 
1,158,060 
4,777,910 
Other financial liabilities 
500,889 
102,752 
- 
- 
603,641 
Total 
3,643,651 
4,621,986 
6,265,107 
8,352,851 22,883,595 
 
 
 
Less than 1 
year 
1 to 2 
years 
2 to 5 years 
> 5 years 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
At 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
4,629,603 
1,767,780 
6,314,541 
8,922,817 
21,634,741 
Trade payables 
1,291,486 
- 
- 
- 
1,291,486 
License costs payable 
184,063 
122,887 
165,178 
438,756 
910,884 
Lease liabilities 
932,672 
1,223,290 
1,740,194 
1,323,490 
5,219,646 
Other financial liabilities 
586,052 
126,280 
- 
- 
712,332 
Total 
7,623,876 
3,240,237 
8,219,913 
10,685,063 
29,769,089 
 
Capital management 
 
The Group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern while 
maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The 
Group makes adjustments to its capital structure, in light of changes in economic and business 
conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to 
shareholders, or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during 
the year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
Equity includes share capital, legal reserve, other statutory reserves and retained earnings and they are 
measured at QR. 30,574,352 thousand at 31 December 2023 (2022: QR. 28,156,444 thousand). 
 
The Group’s management reviews the capital structure of the Group on a semi-annual basis. As part of 
this review, the committee considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of 
capital. The gearing ratio as at 31 December 2023 is 15% (2022: 30%). 
 
Gearing ratio 
 
The gearing ratio at year end was as follows: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Debt (i) 
16,157,206 
21,751,551 
Cash and bank balances 
(11,462,695) 
(13,231,901)
Net debt 
4,694,511 
8,519,650 
Equity (ii) 
30,574,352 
28,156,444 
Net debt to equity ratio 
15% 
30% 
F-168

--- Page 411 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
86 
 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Capital management (continued) 
 
(i) 
Debt is the long-term debt obtained and lease liabilities, as detailed in note 29 and 33, 
respectively. 
(ii) 
Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group that are managed as capital. 
 
40. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
 
Fair values 
 
Set out below is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Group’s financial 
instruments that are carried in the consolidated financial statements: 
 
Carrying amounts 
Fair values 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value 
966,383 
886,394 
966,383 
886,394 
Trade and other receivables 
3,799,684 
4,265,699 
3,799,684 
4,265,699 
Bank balances and cash 
11,462,695 
13,231,901 11,462,695 
13,231,901 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
12,410,939 
17,946,838 
11,416,603 
17,194,009 
Other non-current liabilities 
265,355 
560,791 
265,355 
560,791 
Derivative financial instruments 
257 
- 
257 
- 
Long term incentive points-based 
payments 
225,359 
212,405 
225,359 
212,405 
Trade and other payables 
3,015,381 
3,109,580 
3,015,381 
3,109,580 
 
The fair value of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument 
could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation 
sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values: 
 
• 
Cash and short-term deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, and other current liabilities 
approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these 
instruments. 
• 
Long-term fixed-rate and variable-rate receivables are evaluated by the Group based on 
parameters such as interest rates, specific country risk factors, and individual creditworthiness 
of the customer and the risk characteristics of the financed project. Based on this evaluation, 
allowances are taken to account for the expected losses of these receivables. At the end of the 
reporting period, the carrying amounts of such receivables, net of allowances, approximate 
their fair values. 
• 
Fair value of quoted investments is based on price quotations at the end of the reporting period. 
The fair value of loans from banks and other financial debts, as well as other non-current 
financial liabilities is estimated by discounting future cash flows using rates applicable for 
similar risks and maturity profiles.  Fair values of unquoted financial assets are estimated using 
appropriate valuation techniques. 
• 
The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally 
financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings.  Derivatives valued using valuation 
techniques with market observable inputs are mainly interest rate swaps, foreign exchange 
forward, contracts for differences and currency swaps. The most frequently applied valuation 
techniques include forward pricing and swap models using present value calculations. The 
models incorporate various inputs including the credit quality of counter parties, foreign 
exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves. 
 
 
 
 
F-169

--- Page 412 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
87 
 
40. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Fair value hierarchy 
 
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial 
instruments by valuation technique. 
 
Level 1: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that 
the Group can access at the measurement date. 
Level 2: 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets 
of liability, either directly or indirectly. 
Level 3: 
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 
The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities 
at 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
31 
December 
2023 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair 
value: 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
487,886 
1,247 
11,695 
474,944 
FVTPL 
478,497 
478,228 
269 
- 
966,383 
479,475 
11,964 
474,944 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities measured 
at fair value 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
257 
- 
257 
- 
Other financial liability for which 
fair value is disclosed 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
11,416,603 
- 10,854,824 
561,779 
11,416,860 
- 10,855,081 
561,779 
 
31 December 
2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair value: 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
629,385 
1,375 
13,040 
614,970 
FVTPL 
257,009 
255,938 
1,071 
- 
Derivative financial instruments 
2,308 
- 
2,308 
- 
888,702 
257,313 
16,419 
614,970 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liability for which fair 
value is disclosed 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
17,194,009 
- 
14,796,067 
2,397,942 
17,194,009 
- 
14,796,067 
2,397,942 
 
There is no transfer from Level 1, 2 and 3 during the financial period. 
 
At 31 December 2023, the Group has notes with a fair value of QR. 10,854,824 thousand (2022: QR. 
14,796,067 thousand). The notes are listed on the Irish bond market and the fair value of these 
instruments is determined by reference to quoted prices in this market. The market for these bonds is 
not considered to be liquid and consequently the fair value measurement is categorised within level 2 
of the fair value hierarchy. In addition, the Group has bank loans with a fair value of QR. 561,779 
thousand (2022: QR. 2,397,942 thousand) within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
For fair value measurements categorised within Level 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the fair values 
are determined using appropriate valuation techniques, which include the use of mathematical models, 
such as discounted cash flow models and option pricing models, comparison to similar instruments for 
which market observables prices exist and other valuation techniques. Valuation techniques 
incorporate assumptions regarding discount rates, estimates of future cash flows and other factors.
F-170

--- Page 413 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
88 
 
40. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs 
used in level 3 fair value measurements for the individually significant investment: 
 
Description 
Investment 
name  
Fair value at 
31 
December 
2023 
Unobservable 
inputs 
Value of 
inputs 
Relationship of 
unobservable 
inputs to fair value 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Investment 
in a 
telecommun
ication 
related 
company 
classified as 
FVTOCI 
Arabsat  
420,296 
EV/EBITDA 
7.5873 
times 
A change in the 
EV/EBITDA by 10% 
would increase / 
decrease the fair value 
by QR. 38,774 
thousand. 
 
41. 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
 
Related party transactions and balances 
 
Related parties represent associated companies including Government and semi-Government agencies, 
associates, major shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and companies 
of which they are principal owners. In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into 
transactions with related parties. Pricing policies and terms of transactions are approved by the Group’s 
management. The Group enters into commercial transactions with Government related entities in the 
ordinary course of business in terms of providing telecommunication services, placement of deposits 
and obtaining credit facilities etc. 
 
a) 
Transactions with Government and related entities 
 
As stated in Note 1, Qatar Investment Authority is the Parent Company of the Group. The Group enters 
into commercial transactions with the Qatar Government and other Government related entities in the 
ordinary course of business, which includes providing telecommunication services, placement of 
deposits and obtaining credit facilities. All these transactions are in the ordinary course of business at 
normal commercial terms and conditions. Following are the significant balances and transactions 
between the Company and the Qatar Government and other Government related entities. 
 
(i) 
Trade receivables-net of impairment include an amount of QR. 706,246 thousand (2022: QR. 
832,447 thousand) receivable from Government and Government related entities. 
(ii) The most significant amount of revenue from a Government related entity amounted to QR. 
105,237 thousand (2022: QR. 137,059 thousand). 
(iii) Industry fee (Note 19) pertains to the industry fee payable to CRA, a Government related entity. 
 
In accordance with IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, the Group has elected not to disclose transactions 
with the Qatar Government and other entities over which the Qatar Government exerts control, joint 
control or significant influence. The nature of transactions that the Group has with such related parties 
relates to provision of telecommunication services on normal commercial terms and conditions. 
 
b)    Transactions with Directors and other key management personnel  
 
Key management personnel comprise the Board of Directors and key members of management having 
authority and responsibility of planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group.  
F-171

--- Page 414 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
89 
 
41. 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED) 
 
b)    Transactions with Directors and other key management personnel  
 
Director’s remuneration of QR.18,400 thousand was proposed for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: QR. 14,400 thousand). The compensation 
and benefits related to Board of Directors and key management personnel amounted to QR. 260,595 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(2022: QR. 279,295 thousand), and end of service benefits QR. 17,385 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: QR. 11,569 thousand). The 
remuneration to the Board of Directors and key management personnel has been included under the caption “Employee salaries and associated costs”. 
 
42. 
PROVISIONS 
 
Movements in each class of provision during the financial year are set out below: 
 
2023 
2022* 
Site restoration 
Provision 
Legal, 
regulatory, and 
other provisions 
 
Total 
Site restoration 
Provision 
Legal, 
regulatory, and 
other provisions 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance 
206,324 
274,328 
480,652 
211,530 
368,277 
579,807 
Additional provision during the year 
40,780 
(4,779) 
36,001 
5,699 
197,397 
203,096 
Reversal of provisions 
(27,162) 
(3,859) 
(31,021) 
(10,639)
(34,186)
(44,825) 
Utilisation of provision / Payment 
- 
(5,760) 
(5,760) 
(776)
(236,801)
(237,577) 
Unwinding of discount 
1,412 
- 
1,412 
3,378 
- 
3,378 
Exchange adjustment 
(2,303) 
540 
(1,763) 
(2,868)
(20,359)
(23,227) 
219,051 
260,470 
479,521 
206,324 
274,328 
480,652 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current 
217,669 
- 
217,669 
205,740 
- 
205,740 
Current 
1,382 
260,470 
261,852 
584 
274,328 
274,912 
219,051 
260,470 
479,521 
206,324 
274,328 
480,652 
 
(i) legal, regulatory, and other provisions include provisions relating to certain legal, commercial, and other regulatory related matters, including provisions 
relating to certain Group subsidiaries. Refer to note 38 for details on the material claims and litigations.  
 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain changes in comparative information.  
F-172

--- Page 415 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
90 
 
43. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES 
 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in compliance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards requires the management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and contingent 
liabilities. Future events may occur which will cause the assumptions used in arriving at the estimates 
to change. The effects of any change in estimates are reflected in the consolidated financial statements 
as they become reasonably determinable. 
 
Judgements and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other 
factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances. 
 
Judgements 
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following 
judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements: 
 
Revenue recognition 
Revenue recognition under IFRS 15 necessitates the collation and processing of very large amounts of 
data, use of management judgements and estimates to produce financial information. The most 
significant accounting judgements and source of estimation uncertainty are disclosed below. 
 
Judgements in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations 
Per note 4, the Group generally recognises revenue over time as it performs continuous transfer of 
control of these services to the customers. Because customers simultaneously receive and consume the 
benefits provided by these services and the control transfer takes place over time, revenue is also 
recognised based on the extent of service transfer/completion of transfer of each performance 
obligation. In determining the method for measuring progress for these POs, we have considered the 
nature of these services as well as the nature of its performance. 
 
For performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, the Group considers the general requirements 
of control (i.e. direct the use of asset and obtain substantially all benefits) and the following non-
exhaustive list of indicators of transfer of control: 
 
• 
Entity has present right to payment 
• 
Customer has legal title 
• 
Entity has transferred legal possession 
• 
Customer has significant risk and rewards 
• 
Customer has accepted the asset 
 
In making their judgement, the directors considered the detailed criteria for the recognition of revenue 
set out in IFRS 15 and, in particular, whether the Group had transferred control of the goods to the 
customer. Following the detailed quantification of the Group’s liability in respect of rectification work, 
and the agreed limitation on the customer’s ability to require further work or to require replacement of 
the goods, the directors are satisfied that control has been transferred and that recognition of the 
revenue in the current year is appropriate, in conjunction with the recognition of an appropriate 
warranty provision for the rectification costs. However, the determination of obligations is, for the 
primary goods and services sold by the Group, not considered to be a critical accounting judgement. 
 
Principal versus agent  
Significant judgements are made by management when concluding whether the Group is transacting as 
an agent or a principal. The assessment is performed for each separate revenue stream in the Group. 
The assessment requires an analysis of key indicators, specifically whether the Group: 
 
• 
carries any inventory risk; 
• 
has the primary responsibility for providing the goods or services to the customer; 
• 
has the latitude to establish pricing; and 
• 
bears the customer’s credit risk. 
 
Whether the Group is considered to be the principal or an agent in the transaction depends on analysis 
by management of both the legal form and substance of the agreement between the Group and its 
business partners. Scenarios requiring judgement to determine whether the Group is a principal or an 
agent include, for example, those where the Group delivers third-party branded services (such as value 
added services or TV content) to customers and mobile money service. 
F-173

--- Page 416 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
91 
 
43. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Determining the lease term  
 
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an 
economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension and 
termination options are included in several leases across various classes of right-of-use assets across 
the Group. These terms are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. In 
cases where lease contracts have indefinite term or are subject to auto renewal, lease term is determined 
considering the business case and reasonably certain renewal of lease. 
 
As a lessee, optional periods are included in the lease term if the Group is reasonably certain it will 
exercise an extension option or will not exercise a termination option; this depends on an analysis by 
management of all relevant facts and circumstances including the leased asset’s nature and purpose, 
the economic and practical potential for replacing the asset and any plans that the Group has in place 
for the future use of the asset. Where a leased asset is highly customised (either when initially provided 
or as a result of leasehold improvements) or it is impractical or uneconomic to replace then the Group 
is more likely to judge that lease extension options are reasonably certain to be exercised. The value of 
the right-of-use asset and lease liability will be greater when extension options are included in the lease 
term.  
 
The lease terms can vary significantly by type and use of asset and geography. In addition, the exact 
lease term is subject to the non-cancellable period and rights and options in each contract. Generally, 
lease terms are judged to be the longer of the minimum lease term and: 
 
- Between 5 and 10 years for land and buildings (excluding retail), with terms at the top end of this range 
if the lease relates to assets that are considered to be difficult to exit sooner for economic, practical or 
reputational reasons. 
 
- The customer service agreement length for leases of local loop connections or other assets required to 
provide fixed line services to individual customers. 
 
In most instances the Group has options to renew or extend leases for additional periods after the end 
of the lease term which are assessed using the criteria above. 
 
The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Group becomes 
obliged to exercise (or not exercise) it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a 
significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this assessment, and that 
is within the control of the lessee. 
 
Estimates 
 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other sources of estimation uncertainty at the financial 
position date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of 
assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below. 
 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
 
The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at each 
reporting date. Goodwill and other indefinite life intangibles are tested for impairment annually and at 
other times when such indicators exist.  
 
The factors that the Group considers important which could trigger an impairment review include the 
following: 
 
• 
significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the asset; 
• 
market interest rates or other market rates of return on investments have increased during the 
period, and those increases are likely to affect the discount rate used in calculating the asset’s 
value in use and decrease the asset’s recoverable amount materially; 
• 
significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; 
• 
significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for overall business; 
and 
• 
significant negative industry or economic trends. 
 
The Group determines an impairment loss whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount has been determined based on value in use calculations. 
F-174

--- Page 417 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
92 
 
43. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
The cash flows are derived from the budget for the next five years and do not include restructuring 
activities that the Group is not yet committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the 
asset base of the cash-generating unit being tested. The recoverable amount of investment is determined 
based on the net present value of future cash flows, management assumptions made, including 
management’s expectations of the investment’s: 
 
• 
growth in earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”), calculated as 
adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation; 
• 
timing and quantum of future capital expenditures; 
• 
long term growth rates ranges during discrete period and terminal period;  
• 
long-term cash flows and working capital estimates; and 
• 
selection of discount rates to reflects the risks involved. 
 
The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model 
as well as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes. Refer 
to note 16 for the impairment assessment for investment in an associate.  
 
In the case of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, at a minimum, such assets are subject 
to an annual impairment test and more frequently whenever there is an indication that such asset may 
be impaired. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the 
goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected 
future cash flows from the cash-generating unit and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to 
calculate the present value of those cash flows (Note 13). 
 
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
 
The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives of its property, plant and equipment 
and investment properties based on the period over which the assets are expected to be available for 
use. The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment properties are 
reviewed at least annually and are updated if expectations differ from previous estimates due to physical 
wear and tear and technical or commercial obsolescence on the use of these assets. It is possible that 
future results of operations could be materially affected by changes in these estimates brought about by 
changes in factors mentioned above. But it is not considered to be a significant risk of material 
adjustment to the carrying values of property, plant and equipment in the year to 31 December 2023 if 
these estimates were revised. 
 
Provision and contingent liabilities 
 
The Group’s management determines provision on best estimate of the expenditure required to settle 
the present obligation as a result of the past event at the reporting date (Note 42). 
 
The Group’s management measures contingent liabilities as a possible obligation depending on whether 
some uncertain future event occurs or a present obligation but payment is not probable or the amount 
cannot be measured reliably (Note 38). 
 
Uncertain tax exposures 
 
In certain circumstances, the Group may not be able to determine the exact amount of its current or 
future tax liabilities or recoverable amount of the claim refund due to ongoing investigations by, or 
discussions with the various taxation authorities.  In determining the amount to be recognised in respect 
of uncertain tax liability or the recoverable amount of the claim for tax refund related to uncertain tax 
positions, the Group applies similar considerations as it would use in determining the amount of a 
provision to be recognised in accordance with IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment, IAS 
37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and IAS 12 Income Taxes (Note 38). 
F-175

--- Page 418 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
93 
 
43. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Fair value of unquoted equity investments 
 
Where the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the consolidated statement 
of financial position cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined using valuation 
techniques including the discounted cash flows model. The inputs to these models are taken from 
observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in 
establishing fair values. The judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit 
risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of 
financial instruments (Note 40). 
 
Calculation of loss allowance  
 
The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected 
loss rates. The group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the 
impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history and existing market conditions, as well as 
forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs 
used are disclosed in (Note 39). 
 
Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date 
 
The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date as part of a business 
combination is a determined based on notional purchase price allocation (NPPA) in accordance with 
IFRS 3 ‘Business combinations’. This requires management to make significant estimates as part of 
determining the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  
 
The Group engages independent valuers in order to determine the fair value of the retained interest and 
the fair values that formed part of the notional purchase price allocation.  
 
44. 
SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL 
NON – CONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 
The following table summarises the information relating to each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have 
material non-controlling interests, before any intra-group eliminations: 
 
Asiacell 
NMTC* 
Ooredoo Oman 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
31 December 2023 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
4,408,933 
9,766,689 
3,411,836 
Current assets 
1,651,234 
5,008,870 
661,181 
Non-current liabilities 
(395,068) 
(2,969,121) 
(400,057) 
Current liabilities 
(1,783,611) 
(4,810,053) 
(1,221,437) 
Net assets 
3,881,488 
6,996,385 
2,451,523 
Carrying amount of NCI 
1,395,040 
1,412,826 
1,104,783 
 
 
 
Revenue 
4,451,688 
7,738,617 
2,453,152 
Profit  
932,200 
998,880 
101,859 
Profit allocated to NCI 
335,039 
167,254 
46,187 
 
 
F-176

--- Page 419 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
94 
 
44. 
SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL 
NON – CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Asiacell 
NMTC* 
Ooredoo Oman 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
3,907,635 
9,956,582 
3,602,870 
Current assets 
1,434,250 
4,218,434 
581,092 
Non-current liabilities 
(379,589) 
(2,839,149) 
(445,590) 
Current liabilities 
(1,742,292) 
(4,828,839) 
(1,264,814) 
Net assets 
3,220,004 
6,507,028 
2,473,558 
Carrying amount of NCI 
1,157,297 
1,321,317 
1,114,062 
 
 
 
Revenue 
3,673,502 
7,374,554 
2,443,281 
Profit  
652,546 
591,035 
181,518 
Profit allocated to NCI 
234,531 
118,048 
82,057 
 
* 
This includes the Group’s subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest (NCI) within 
NMTC sub-group (Wataniya Telecom Algeria S.P.A. (“Ooredoo Algeria”), Ooredoo Tunisia S.A. 
(“Ooredoo Tunisia”), Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Public Shareholding 
Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”), before any intra-group eliminations. 
 
45. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION  
T 
Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments is set out below in accordance with IFRS 8 
“Operating Segments”. IFRS 8 requires reportable segments to be identified on the basis of internal 
reports that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), which is 
the “Board of Directors”, and used to allocate resources to the segments and to assess their performance.  
 
The Group is mainly engaged in a single line of business, being the supply of telecommunications 
services and related products. The majority of the Group’s revenues, profits and assets relate to its 
operations in the MENA. Outside of Qatar, the Group operates through its subsidiaries and associates 
and major operations that are reported to the Group’s CODM are considered by the Group to be 
reportable segments. Revenue is attributed to reportable segments based on the location of the Group 
companies. Inter-segment sales are charged at arms’ length prices.  
 
For management reporting purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their 
geographical area covered, and has seven reportable segments as follows: 
 
1. 
Ooredoo Qatar is a provider of domestic and international telecommunication services within 
the State of Qatar; 
2. 
Asiacell is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Iraq; 
3. 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (“OHA”) (considered a major joint venture) is a provider of 
telecommunication services such as cellular services, fixed telecommunications, multimedia, 
           data communication and internet services in Indonesia; 
4. 
Ooredoo Oman is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Oman;  
5. 
Ooredoo Algeria is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Algeria; 
6. 
Ooredoo Kuwait is a provider of mobile and ISP services in Kuwait; and 
7. 
Others include some of the Group’s subsidiaries which are providers of wireless and 
telecommunication services such as Palestine, Tunisia, Maldives, and Myanmar. 
 
 
Management monitors the operating results of its operating subsidiaries separately for the purpose of 
making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is 
evaluated based on operating profit or loss of these reportable segments. Transfer pricing between 
reportable segments are on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties. 
F-177

--- Page 420 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
                                                                                                     95 
 
45. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Operating segments  
 
The following tables present revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
Year ended 31 December 2023 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
Total as 
reported 
OHA* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of telecom services 
6,816,232 4,439,416 
2,459,105 
2,259,382 2,257,557 
3,206,554 
- 
 21,438,246 
4,016,588 
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
60,306 
- 
3,081 
162,710 
653,739 
772,881 
- 
 
1,652,717 
2,955 
Revenue from use of assets by others 
15,068 
11,968 
- 
28,930 
474 
16,306 
- 
 
72,746 
212 
Inter-segment  
394,802 
304 
63 
2,130 
2,159 
338,493 
(737,951) 
(i) 
- 
- 
Total revenue 
7,286,408 4,451,688 
2,462,249 
2,453,152 2,913,929 
4,334,234 
(737,951) 
 
23,163,709 
4,019,755 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of revenue recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
452,167 
- 
3,081 
162,710 
653,739 
791,466 
(410,446) 
 
1,652,717 
2,955 
Over time 
6,834,241 4,451,688 
2,459,168 
2,290,442 2,260,190 
3,542,768 
(327,505) 
 
21,510,992 
4,016,800 
7,286,408 4,451,688 
2,462,249 
2,453,152 2,913,929 
4,334,234 
(737,951) 
 
23,163,709 
4,019,755 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment profit (loss) before tax** 
2,417,115 
1,116,726 
351,918 
229,524 
969,432 
28,986 
(826,860) 
(ii) 
4,286,841 
463,683 
Depreciation and amortisation 
996,704 
814,847 
655,256 
663,529 
511,474 
640,762 
301,886 (iii) 
4,584,458 
1,298,791 
Net finance costs 
296,623 
10,815 
35,003 
34,250 
(5,696) 
164,109 
- 
 
535,104 
386,422 
 
* 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (OHA) proportionate results are included in the segment analysis. As a result of the merger between IO and PT Hutchison 3 
Indonesia, the Group deconsolidated IO and recognised its retained interest as an investment in a joint venture. The Group’s share of IOH operations 
is equal to 32.8% (note 16). 
 
** 
Segment profit / loss before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment including depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment of assets and finance cost. 
 
F-178

--- Page 421 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
                                                                                                  96 
 
45. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Year ended 31 December 2022 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
 
Total as 
reported 
OHA* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of telecom 
services 
7,617,296 
3,635,158 
2,203,035 
2,302,654 
2,146,154 
3,209,872 
- 
 
21,114,169 
3,755,464 
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
70,611 
24 
3,581 
112,228 
660,608 
638,657 
- 
 
1,485,709 
2,955 
Revenue from use of assets by others 
17,791 
38,135 
- 
25,963 
531 
15,886 
- 
 
98,306 
4,214 
Inter-segment  
254,505 
185 
15,070 
2,436 
1,961 
398,071 
(672,228) (i) 
- 
- 
Total revenue 
7,960,203 
3,673,502 
2,221,686 
2,443,281 
2,809,254 
4,262,486 
(672,228)
 
22,698,184 
3,762,633 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of revenue recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
315,667 
24 
3,581 
112,228 
660,608 
654,433 
(260,832)
 
1,485,709 
2,955 
Over time 
7,644,536 
3,673,478 
2,218,105 
2,331,053 
2,148,646 
3,608,053 
(411,396)
 
21,212,475 
3,759,678 
7,960,203 
3,673,502 
2,221,686 
2,443,281 
2,809,254 
4,262,486 
(672,228)
 
22,698,184 
3,762,633 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment profit (loss) before tax**  
2,390,990 
773,188 
138,276 
324,870 
296,655 
(294,118) 
(303,113) (ii) 
3,326,748 
519,455 
Depreciation and amortisation  
 
940,001 
 
783,049 
 
626,154 
 
677,377 
522,642 
716,126 
 
299,930 (iii) 
4,565,279 
 
1,274,215 
Net finance costs 
498,573 
9,278 
25,942 
28,873 
19,928 
182,896 
- 
 
765,490 
396,934 
 
** 
Segment profit / loss before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment including depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment of assets and finance cost. 
Note: 
(i) 
Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation  
 
(ii) 
Segment profit before tax does not include the following: 
 
2023 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Amortisation of intangibles 
(301,886) 
(303,113)
Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 
(524,974) 
-
 
(iii)          amortisation relating to additional intangibles identified from business combination was not considered as part of segment expense. 
 
F-179

--- Page 422 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
                                                                                                    97 
 
 
45. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
The following table presents segment assets of the Group’s operating segments as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
 
Ooredoo Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Kuwait 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
Eliminations 
Total 
OHA* 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment assets (i) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2023 
14,714,154 
5,922,295 
4,102,448 
4,072,947 
4,862,186 
13,265,081 
11,269,341 
58,208,452 10,009,802 
At 31 December 2022 
18,988,989 
5,224,053 
3,678,004 
4,178,020 
4,234,716 
13,536,856 
11,998,882 
61,839,520 
9,927,351 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital expenditure (ii) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2023 
674,665 
584,401 
501,322 
426,680 
207,002 
582,466 
- 
2,976,536 
925,158 
At 31 December 2022 
761,425 
442,219 
473,176 
463,335 
220,265 
389,312 
- 
2,749,732 
929,203 
 
* 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (OHA) proportionate results are included in the segment analysis. As a result of the merger between IO and PT Hutchison 3 
Indonesia, the Group deconsolidated IO and recognised its retained interest as an investment in a joint venture. The Group’s share of IOH operations 
is equal to 32.8% (note 16). 
 
Note: 
 
(i) 
Goodwill and other intangibles arising from business combination amounting to QR. 11,269,341 thousand (31 December 2022: QR. 11,998,882 
thousand) was not considered as part of segment assets. 
(ii) 
Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment and intangibles excluding goodwill and assets arising from business 
combinations. 
 
F-180

--- Page 423 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
98 
 
46. 
CONTRIBUTION TO SOCIAL AND SPORTS FUND 
 
According to Qatari Law No. 13 for the year 2008 and the related clarifications issued in January 2010, 
the Company is required to contribute 2.5% of its annual net profits to the state social and sports fund. 
The clarification relating to Law No. 13 requires the payable amount to be recognised as a distribution 
of income. Hence, this is recognised in the statement of changes in equity. 
 
During the year, the Group appropriated an amount of QR. 47,776 thousands (2022: QR. 45,385 
thousand) representing 2.5% of the net profit generated from Qatar Operations.  
 
47. 
RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both 
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are for which cash flows were, 
or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows 
from financing activities. 
 
1 January 
2023 
Financing 
cash flows 
(i) 
Non-cash 
changes (ii) 
Other 
changes 
(iii) 
31 
December 
2023 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
(Note 29) 
17,873,460 (5,477,474) 
- 
595 12,396,581 
Deferred financing costs 
(Note 29) 
(138,855) 
(8,216) 
24,323 
(685) 
(123,433) 
Lease liabilities (Note 33) 
3,804,713 
(793,530) 
896,055 
(160,971) 
3,746,267 
 
Notes: 
 
(i) 
The financing activities in the statement of cash flows mainly include the cash flows from loans 
and borrowings and other non-current liabilities.  
(ii) 
The non-cash changes pertain to the amortisation of deferred financing costs. 
(iii) 
Other changes include exchange adjustments and reclassification. 
 
48. 
SIGNIFICANT ARRANGEMENTS 
 
Sale of Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. 
 
On 8 September 2022, the Group announced that it has entered into an agreement to sell 100 percent 
of its equity in Ooredoo Asian Investments Pte Ltd. (Singapore) (“OAI”), the parent company that owns 
100 percent of Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. (“OML”), and 100 percent of Ooredoo Myanmar Fintech Ltd. 
(“OMFL”) to Nine Communications Pte. Ltd. (“Buyer”) for an enterprise value of approximately USD 
576 million (QR. 2,097 million) and total equity consideration of USD 162 million (QR. 590 million). 
The transaction has been approved by the board of directors of the Group and of Nine Communications 
Pte. Ltd, and remains subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals in 
Myanmar. 
 
There are several government approvals required for this transaction to be completed. As of the date of 
these consolidated financial statements, these approvals are progressing but still not all obtained. 
 
As completion of the proposed transaction is still conditional on the satisfaction or waiver of certain 
legal and regulatory conditions, there remains a possibility that the proposed transaction may not 
proceed. Management has exercised significant judgement and has determined that not all held for sale 
criteria in accordance with IFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” are 
met as at the end of the reporting period despite the recent positive activity on that front. Such 
determination is primarily based on the fact that the remaining terms for the execution of the proposed 
transaction are not "usual and customary" and a number of required approvals from authorities are not 
administrative in nature. Consequently, the Group continues to consolidate its subsidiary in Myanmar 
and OML has not been classified as held for sale in these consolidated financial statements as at  
31 December 2023. 
 
 
 
F-181

--- Page 424 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
99 
 
48. 
SIGNIFICANT ARRANGEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Ooredoo, Zain and TASC Towers Holding create an independent tower company comprising up to 
30,000 towers. 
 
On 24 July 2023, the Group announced that it had entered exclusive negotiations with Mobile 
Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. (Zain Group) and UAE based TASC Towers Holding to combine 
their approximately 30,000 telecommunication tower assets in Qatar, Kuwait, Algeria, Tunisia, Iraq 
and Jordan into a jointly owned independent tower company in a cash and share deal. Both Ooredoo 
and Zain will retain their respective active infrastructure, including wireless communication antennas, 
intelligent software, and intellectual property with respect to managing their telecom networks.  
 
On 5 December 2023, Ooredoo, Zain and TASC announced the signing of definitive agreement for the 
creation of the largest tower group in the MENA region. The phased implementation will be tailored for 
each market to ensure a seamless transition of operations and is subject to regulatory approvals in each 
country and the expected timeline for the completion of this transaction is during 2024. 
 
49. 
COMPARATIVE INFORMATION 
 
During the year, the Group performed an exercise to determine if the presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements is in accordance with IAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements”. This exercise 
resulted in reclassification of certain line items in the consolidated financial statements. The 
comparative figures have been reclassified in order to conform with the presentation for the current 
year for reasons set out in the notes below. Such reclassifications have been made by the Group and it 
did not have any impact on the previously reported equity and profits.  
 
Below is the reclassification impact on the comparative period as a result of changes made during the 
year: 
 
 
Previous
Reclassification 
Current 
Notes 
QR.’000
QR.’000
QR.’000
Consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Royalty fees 
(442,562)
193,256
(249,306)
1 
 
Income tax and other tax 
related fees 
(372,584)
(193,256)
(565,840)
1 
 
 
Previous Reclassification 
Current 
Notes 
QR.’000
QR.’000
QR.’000
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022 
Financial assets at fair value 
632,577 
253,817 
886,394 
2 
 
Bank balances and cash 
13,536,468 
(304,567) 
13,231,901 
2 
 
14,169,045 
(50,750) 
14,118,295 
 
Trade and other payables 
8,380,110 
(263,707) 
8,116,403 
1,2 
 
 
 
 
 
Income tax and other tax 
related payables 
327,507 
393,387 
720,894 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
Provisions – Current 
455,342 
(180,430) 
274,912 
1 
9,162,959 
(50,750) 
9,112,209 
 
 
The effects of the reclassifications in the tables above have accordingly been mirrored in the 
comparative period’s consolidated statement of cash flows with no impact on net cash generated from 
operating activities, net cash used in investing activities or net cash used in financing activities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-182

--- Page 425 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
100 
 
49. 
COMPARATIVE INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
The table below summarises the impact on the opening consolidated statement of financial position of 
the comparative period: 
 
 
Previous Reclassification 
Current 
Notes 
QR.’000
QR.’000
QR.’000
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 January 2022 
Financial assets at fair value 
686,078 
198,530 
884,608 
2 
 
Bank balances and cash 
11,670,454 
(304,567) 
11,365,887 
2 
 
12,356,532 
(106,037) 
12,250,495 
 
Trade and other payables 
8,323,455 
(345,718) 
7,977,737 
1,2 
 
 
 
 
 
Income tax and other tax 
related payables 
320,220 
444,977 
765,197 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
Provisions – Current 
575,359 
(205,296) 
370,063 
1 
9,219,034 
(106,037) 
9,112,997 
 
 
1- The industry fee and royalty fee expenses that were previously accounted for in accordance with 
IFRIC 21 and was presented as part of the "Royalty fees” expense line item has also been reassessed. 
Such fees should have been recognised as income taxes in accordance with IAS 12, since the 
determination is based on the adjusted net profit as further detailed above in note 19 of the consolidated 
financial statements. Accordingly, industry fees in Qatar and Kuwait royalty fee expenses are now 
reclassified to be presented as income tax and other tax related fees in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss. Accordingly, the related payables for such fees have been reclassified to “Income tax and 
other tax related payables” line item from “Trade and other payables” and “Provisions - current” 
respectively. 
 
2- The Group re-assessed its accounting treatment of a contract for differences instrument with a 
financial institution and concluded that the arrangement should be treated as a single financial asset. 
The contractual terms of the arrangement do not give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding and as such management has 
classified the financial assets as subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss in line with 
the requirements of IFRS Accounting Standards. 
F-183

--- Page 426 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Doha – Qatar 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements  
And Independent Auditor’s Report  
For The Year Ended  
31 December 2022 
 
F-184

--- Page 427 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
CONTENTS 
   PAGE(S) 
 
 
Independent auditor’s report_________________________________________1-8 
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss __________________________________ 9 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ___________________________ 10 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position ____________________________11–12 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ____________________________ 13–14 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows_________________________________15–16 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements___________________________17–98 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-185

--- Page 428 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch,  P.O.Box: 6689, Doha, Qatar  
Ministry of Commerce and Industry License number 6 / Qatar Financial Markets Authority License number 
120155 T: +974 4419 2777, F:+974 4467 7528, www.pwc.com/middle-east                                                        
 1 
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
 
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Our opinion  
 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the 
consolidated financial position of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the 
“Group”) as at 31 December 2022, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash 
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). 
 
What we have audited 
 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements comprise: 
 
• 
the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2022; 
• 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended; 
• 
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022; 
• 
the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended; 
• 
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and 
• 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and 
other explanatory information. 
 
Basis for opinion  
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the 
audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.  
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion.  
 
Independence 
 
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the consolidated financial statements in the State of Qatar. We have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with IESBA Code and the ethical requirements in the State of Qatar. 
 
Our audit approach 
 
Overview 
 
Key audit matters 
• 
Revenue recognition and related complex IT systems. 
• 
Carrying value of cash generating units, including goodwill. 
• 
Accounting treatment for uncertain tax exposures, regulatory and pending litigation exposures in 
the various markets that the Group operates in. 
• 
Accounting for the retained interest in Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (“OHA”).  
 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where management 
made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved 
making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, 
we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other matters 
consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement 
due to fraud. 
 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion 
on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the 
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates. 
 
F-186

--- Page 429 ---
2 
Key audit matters 
 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion 
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  
 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the Key audit matter 
Revenue recognition and related complex IT 
systems 
The Group reported revenue of QR. 22,698,184 
thousand 
from 
telecommunication 
related 
activities.  
We considered this area to be a matter of most 
significance, as there is an inherent risk around the 
recognition of revenue in telecommunication 
services given that revenue is processed by 
complex IT systems involving large volumes of data 
with a combination of different products, services, 
and related prices. In addition, the application of 
the revenue accounting standard is complex and 
involves several key judgements and estimates. 
This resulted in a significant portion of our audit 
effort directed towards this area and related IT 
systems.  
Refer to the following notes to the consolidated 
financial statements for detail:  
• 
Note 3: Significant accounting policies; 
• 
Note 4: Revenue; and 
• 
Note 43: Significant accounting judgements 
and estimates. 
We performed audit procedures over this 
significant 
risk 
area, 
which 
included 
a 
combination of tests of controls and substantive 
procedures as described below:  
• 
We obtained an understanding of the various 
significant revenue streams and identified the 
relevant controls, IT systems, interfaces and 
reports. 
• 
We assessed the Group's revenue accounting 
policies, including the key judgments and 
estimates 
applied 
by 
management 
in 
consideration of the requirements of IFRS 15. 
• 
We placed reliance on the Group’s IT systems 
and key internal controls. We involved our 
internal Information Technology specialists to 
assist us with testing the IT general controls 
and application controls of IT systems 
connected with the processing of transactions 
associated with significant revenue streams. 
• 
We performed automated and manual controls 
testing and substantive procedures, to verify 
accuracy and occurrence of revenue. This 
included testing the end-to-end reconciliations 
from data records extracted from source 
systems to the billing systems and to the 
general ledger. 
• 
We used data analytic tools to identify revenue 
related manual journals posted to the general 
ledger and traced them to source systems. 
• 
We performed analytical procedures and 
evaluated underlying source documentation to
test the completeness, accuracy and validity of 
the postings, including those journals we 
considered unusual in nature.  
• 
We tested calls using various parameters to 
ascertain the instances will accurately be 
processed through the network elements and 
until recognition. 
• 
We 
performed 
additional 
substantive 
procedures 
in 
instances 
where control 
weaknesses were identified to assess accuracy 
and occurrence of revenue. 
• 
We also assessed the adequacy of the Group’s 
disclosures in respect to revenue. 
 
 
 
F-187

--- Page 430 ---
3 
 
Carrying value of cash generating units, 
including goodwill 
The Group’s net assets include goodwill at the 
reporting date with a carrying value of QR. 
4,986,142 thousand. International Accounting 
Standard (IAS) 36 'Impairment of Assets' requires 
that goodwill acquired in a business combination 
to be tested for impairment at least annually. 
Moreover, the net assets include investments in 
associates and joint ventures with a carrying value 
of QR. 7,051,075 thousand as of that date. 
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 28 
'Investments in associates and joint ventures' 
requires equity accounted for investments to be 
assessed for impairment where indicators of 
impairment are present. In addition, some of the 
businesses that these balances relate to operate in 
countries experiencing political instability and/or 
difficult economic conditions. There is a potential 
risk that these businesses may not trade in line 
with expectations and forecasts, resulting in an 
impairment. The Group’s assessment of the value 
in use (“ViU”) of its cash generating units 
(“CGUs”) involves estimation about the future 
performance of the respective businesses. In 
particular, the determination of the ViUs is 
sensitive to the significant assumptions of 
projected 
earnings 
before 
interest, 
taxes, 
depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) growth, 
long-term growth rates, and discount rates. As a 
result of the impairment tests performed, an 
impairment 
on 
investment 
in 
associates 
amounting to QR. 196 million was recognised 
during the year ended 31 December 2022 in 
relation to one of the Group’s associates (Asia 
Mobile Holdings Pte Ltd (“AMH”)) operated in 
Singapore. 
We 
considered 
the 
Group’s 
impairment 
assessment to be a matter of most significance to 
the current year audit due to the significant 
judgements 
and 
assumptions 
made 
by 
management in performing the impairment 
assessments.  
Refer to the following notes to the consolidated 
financial statements for detail:  
• 
Note 43: Significant accounting judgements 
and estimates; 
• 
Note 13: Intangible assets, goodwill and long-
term prepayments; and 
• 
Note 16: Investment in associates and joint 
ventures. 
 
 
 
 
We performed audit procedures over this 
significant risk area, which included a 
combination 
of 
tests 
of 
controls 
and 
substantive procedures as described below:  
• 
We obtained an understanding of the business 
process 
for 
the 
impairment 
assessment, 
identifying the relevant internal controls and 
testing their design, implementation, and 
operating effectiveness of controls over the 
impairment process. 
• 
We tested the mathematical accuracy of the 
valuation models used by management. We 
also assessed the appropriateness of the 
valuation methodology (discounted cash flows 
model) applied by management, with reference 
to market practice and the requirements of 
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 36 
'Impairment of Assets'. 
• 
We assessed the reliability of the Group’s 
budgets included in the business plans (which 
form the basis of the cash flow forecasts), by 
comparing current period budgets to actual 
results and evaluating differences noted against 
underlying documentation and explanations 
obtained from management. We also agreed 
revenue and (EBITDA) used to calculate cash 
flow forecasts to approved budgets and/or 
business plans. 
• 
We utilised internal valuations specialists at the 
Group and component levels (where deemed 
necessary) to support us in assessing the 
assumptions 
and 
methodology 
used 
by 
management, 
and 
in 
particular, 
we 
independently calculated the weighted average 
cost of capital and terminal growth rates for 
each significant cash generating unit. 
• 
We performed sensitivity analyses to determine 
the changes in key assumptions, namely, 
discount rates, terminal growth rates and 
forecast cash flows that would result in an 
impairment. We considered whether such 
changes were reasonably likely. 
• 
We also assessed the adequacy of the related 
disclosures provided in Note 13 and Note 16 to 
the consolidated financial statements, in 
particular the sensitivity disclosures in relation 
to reasonably possible changes in assumptions 
that could result in impairment. 
F-188

--- Page 431 ---
4 
Accounting 
treatment 
for 
uncertain 
tax 
exposures, regulatory and pending litigation 
exposures in the various markets that the Group 
operates in  
The Group operates across multiple tax and 
regulatory jurisdictions and due to the inherent 
nature of exposures, rulings issued, assessments 
by tax and regulatory authorities and litigation in 
certain markets, the Group is exposed to various 
tax, legal and regulatory matters.  
In accounting for these matters, management 
applies significant judgment in estimating the 
provisions and related disclosures in accordance 
with IFRS.  
We considered the accounting treatment for 
uncertain tax exposures, regulatory and pending 
litigation exposures in the various markets that 
the Group operates in to be a matter of most 
significance to the current year’s audit due to the 
magnitude, complexity and nature of these 
exposures, and that a significant level of 
management 
judgement 
is 
required 
in 
interpreting 
specific 
legislation, 
regulatory 
provisions or practices to determine whether a 
liability is required to be recognised or a 
contingent liability to be disclosed.  
Refer to the following notes to the consolidated 
financial statements for detail: 
• 
Note 38: Commitments, contingent liabilities 
and litigations;  
• 
Note 43: Significant accounting judgements 
and estimates; and 
• 
Note 42: Provisions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In response to the significant risk associated 
with the accounting treatment of uncertain tax 
exposures, regulatory and pending litigation, 
we performed the following procedures:  
• 
We obtained an understanding of the Group's 
policies in addressing tax, legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
 
• 
We assessed the adequacy of the design, 
implementation, and operating effectiveness of 
controls over legal, regulatory, and tax 
registers, which includes the type of claim, 
amount, provision, and calculation of net 
exposure. 
 
• 
We held discussions with the Group's tax, legal 
and 
regulatory 
teams 
to 
evaluate 
management’s assessment of the potential 
outcome of significant exposures and we also 
discussed with management the facts and 
circumstances surrounding the significant 
exposures of the Group in order to evaluate the 
reasonableness of management’s conclusions. 
 
• 
We held discussions and reviewed reporting 
deliverables from our component audit teams 
in relation to significant exposures in overseas 
subsidiaries. Our component teams also 
utilised relevant local tax and/or legal experts 
as necessary in arriving at their conclusions. 
 
• 
We obtained and reviewed external legal and 
tax opinions, legal confirmations and other 
relevant documents supporting management's 
conclusions on these matters. Where necessary, 
we held discussions with management’s legal 
department regarding material cases. 
 
• 
With the support of our component audit 
teams, we evaluated in-country management’s 
tax, legal and regulatory exposures assessment 
reports for consistency with reports prepared 
by Group management. 
 
• 
We also assessed the adequacy of the related 
disclosures provided in Note 38 and Note 42 to 
the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
F-189

--- Page 432 ---
5 
 
Accounting for the retained interest in Ooredoo 
Hutchison Asia (“OHA”) 
On 4 January 2022, one of the subsidiaries of the 
Group 
namely PT. 
Indosat Tbk (“Indosat 
Ooredoo” or "IO") completed a statutory merger 
with PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia (“H3I”), the 
Indonesian subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings 
Limited (“CKH”). On the same day of merger 
closing, CK Hutchison Group acquired a 50% 
shareholding in Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (“OHA”) 
(previously known as Ooredoo Asia). Following 
this restructuring, the Group and CK Hutchison 
Group each owns 50% of OHA, based on which 
Ooredoo Group and CK Hutchison Group now 
have joint control over 65.6% ownership stake in 
the merged Company via OHA. 
The merger resulted in the deconsolidation of IO 
and the recognition of the retained interest as 
investment in a joint venture with effective 
ownership of 32.8%.  
The fair value of the retained interest was QR. 5,916 
million and the fair value of identifiable net assets 
was QR. 1,361 million. Notional goodwill of QR. 
4,555 million was recognised as part of the 
transaction in addition to a gain on deconsolidation 
of IO of QR. 16.81 million. 
As required by IAS 28 'Investments in associates 
and joint ventures' a notional purchase price 
allocation (NPPA) was undertaken in accordance 
with IFRS 3 ‘Business combinations’ to account for 
this transaction. This required management to 
make significant estimates as part of determining 
the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired 
and liabilities assumed.  
The Group engaged independent valuers in order to 
determine the fair value of the retained interest and 
the fair values that formed part of the notional 
purchase price allocation.  
We considered this to be a matter of most 
significance to the current year's audit given the 
significant estimates involved in determining the 
fair value of the retained interest and the fair values 
of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed.  
Refer to the following notes to the consolidated 
financial statements for detail: 
• 
Note 16: Investment in associates and joint 
ventures; and 
• 
Note 43: Significant accounting judgements 
and estimates. 
 
 
 
Our procedures included the following:  
• 
We read the merger and related agreements
and checked the appropriateness of the 
transaction date. 
 
• 
We evaluated the methodology adopted by 
management for the valuation of the fair value 
of the retained interest in OHA. We also 
assessed the key valuation assumptions used. 
 
• 
We assessed the competency, objectivity and 
independence of the independent valuers 
engaged by the Group. We also obtained the 
valuation reports and discussed with external 
valuers on the methodologies and key 
assumptions used. 
• 
With input from internal valuation experts 
(where considered necessary), we performed 
the following procedures, in relation to the fair 
value of the retained interest and the fair 
values of the identifiable net assets that formed 
part of the notional purchase price allocation, 
as deemed appropriate:  
 
- Considered the appropriateness of the 
methodology and assumptions used in 
determining the fair values based on the 
applicable financial reporting requirements 
and established market practice;  
- Compared certain key unobservable inputs 
underlying the fair values to supporting 
documentation such as approved financial 
plans; and  
- Evaluated the reasonableness of certain 
observable inputs and/or the resulting fair 
values based on comparable market data. 
 
• 
We considered the appropriateness of the 
related accounting policies and disclosures 
in the consolidated financial statements.  
 
F-190

--- Page 433 ---
6 
 
Other information  
 
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
Chairman’s Message (but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the complete annual 
report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date. 
 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do 
not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be 
materially misstated.  
 
If, based on the work we have performed, on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of 
this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.  
 
When we read the complete annual report , if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, 
we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance. 
 
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial 
statements 
 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with IFRS and with the requirements of the Qatar Commercial Companies 
Law number 11 of 2015, as amended by Law number 8 of 2021, and for such internal control as 
management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the 
Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. 
 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these consolidated financial statements.   
 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:   
 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and 
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control. 
 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Group's internal control. 
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
F-191

--- Page 434 ---
7 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued) 
 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease 
to continue as a going concern. 
 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.   
 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related to safeguards.   
 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and 
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
F-192

--- Page 435 ---
8 
Report on other  legal and regulatory requirements 
Further, as required by the Qatar Commercial Companies Law number 11 of 2015, as amended by Law 
number 8 of 2021, we report that: 
•
We have obtained all the information we considered necessary for the purpose of our audit;
•
The Company has carried out a physical verification of inventories at the year-end in accordance
with observed principles;
•
The Company has maintained proper books of account and the consolidated financial statements
are in agreement therewith;
•
The financial information included in the Board of Directors’ Report is in agreement with the books
and records of the Company; and
•
Nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that the Company has breached any
of the provisions of the Qatar Commercial Companies Law number 11 of 2015, as amended by Law
number 8 of 2021, or of its Articles of Association, which would materially affect the reported results
of its operations or its financial position as at 31 December 2022.
For and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers – Qatar Branch  
Qatar Financial Market Authority registration number 120155 
Mark Menton 
Auditor’s registration number 364 
Doha, State of Qatar 
13 February 2023 
F-193

--- Page 436 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
9 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
Note 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Revenue 
4 
22,698,184 
29,899,742 
Other income 
5 
195,418 
494,904 
Network, interconnect and other operating expenses 
6 
(10,620,951) 
(13,486,389) 
Employee salaries and associated costs 
(2,932,006) 
(3,213,071) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
7 
(4,565,279) 
(7,974,443) 
Finance costs 
8 
(1,032,373) 
(1,994,364) 
Finance income 
8 
 266,883 
190,055 
Share of profit of associates and joint ventures 
16 
422,183 
80,462 
Impairment losses on financial assets 
39 
(192,526) 
(230,383) 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial 
assets 
27 
(193,308) 
(2,400,464) 
Gain on sale of towers 
9.1 
-
1,566,903
Other losses – net 
9.2 
(470,171) 
(715,569)
Royalties and fees 
10 
(442,562) 
(538,066)
Profit before income tax 
3,133,492 
1,679,317 
Income tax expense 
19 
(372,584) 
(626,697) 
Profit for the year 
2,760,908 
1,052,620 
Profit attributable to: 
Shareholders of the parent 
2,360,234 
46,918 
Non-controlling interests 
400,674 
1,005,702 
2,760,908 
1,052,620 
Basic and diluted earnings per share 
(Attributable to shareholders of the parent) 
(Expressed in QR. per share) 
11 
0.74 
0.01 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-8. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 17 to 98 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements. 
F-194

--- Page 437 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
10 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
Note 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Profit for the year 
2,760,908 
 1,052,620 
Other comprehensive income / (loss) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss 
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow 
hedges 
26 
5,205 
6,303 
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates 
and joint ventures 
26 
19,925 
(2,785) 
Foreign currency translation differences 
26 
1,592,056 
(851,985) 
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss 
Net changes in fair value on investments in equity 
instruments designated as at FVTOCI 
26 
32,689 
(21,309) 
Net changes in employees’ benefits reserve 
26 
124 
15,210 
Other comprehensive income / (loss)-net of tax 
1,649,999 
(854,566) 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
4,410,907 
198,054 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
Shareholders of the parent 
4,097,410 
(725,623) 
Non-controlling interests 
313,497 
923,677 
4,410,907 
198,054 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-8. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 17 to 98 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
F-195

--- Page 438 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
11 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 
Note 
2022 
2021* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
ASSETS 
Non-current assets 
Property, plant and equipment 
12 
14,197,628 
 14,868,664 
Intangible assets, goodwill and long-term prepayments 
13 
16,701,624 
 18,088,422 
Right-of-use assets 
14 
2,587,927 
 2,860,655 
Investment properties 
15 
 117,215 
133,960 
Investment in associates and joint ventures 
16 
7,051,075 
1,646,154 
Financial assets – equity instruments 
17 
632,577 
 686,078 
Other non-current assets 
18 
202,014 
234,199 
Deferred tax assets 
19 
316,282 
 365,551 
Contract costs 
20 
156,521 
 111,897 
Total non-current assets 
41,962,863 
38,995,580 
Current assets 
Inventories 
21 
404,764 
 364,994 
Contract costs 
20 
 213,224 
 181,287 
Trade and other receivables 
22 
 5,772,951  
5,251,310 
Bank balances and cash 
23 
13,536,468 
 11,670,454 
19,927,407 
17,468,045 
Assets classified as held for sale 
9.2 
-
20,893,903
Total current assets 
19,927,407 
38,361,948 
Total assets 
61,890,270 
77,357,528 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
Share capital 
24 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
Legal reserve 
25 
12,434,282 
12,434,282 
Fair value and other reserves 
25 
372,887 
393,453 
Employees’ benefits reserve 
25 
(777)
(5,583)
Translation reserve 
25 
(6,955,719)
(8,634,620)
Other statutory reserves 
25 
1,372,338 
1,326,968 
Retained earnings 
13,885,144 
 12,504,113 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent 
24,311,355 
 21,221,813 
Non-controlling interests 
3,845,089 
 5,186,715 
Total equity 
28,156,444 
 26,408,528 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain reclassifications.
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-8. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 17 to 98 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
F-196

--- Page 439 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED) 
As AT 31 DECEMBER 
Note 
LIABILITIES 
Non-current liabilities 
Loans and borrowings 
29 
Employees' benefits 
30 
Lease liabilities 
33 
Deferred tax liabilities 
19 
Other non-current liabilities 
31 
Contract liabilities 
34 
Provisions 
12 
Total non-current liabilities 
Current liabilities 
Loans and borrowings 
29 
Lease liabilities 
33 
Trade and other payables 
32 
Deferred income 
28 
Contract liabilities 
34 
Income tax payable 
19 
Provisions 
12 
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale 
2.2 
Total current liabilities 
Total liabilities 
Total equity and liabilities 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain reclassifications.
Fri.tlBin  AfTh! 
Chairman 
Independent auditor's report is set out in pages 1-8. 
2022 
2021* 
QR.'ooo 
QR.'ooo 
13,729,383 
18,943,487 
624,744 
572,093 
3,142,463 
3,557,607 
10,414 
668,601 
746,303 
10,466 
9,972 
2051z40 
211,530 
18,391,811 
24,040,992 
4,217,455 
824,968 
662,250 
629,569 
8,380,110 
8,323,455 
1,235,279 
1,264,377 
64,072 
46,748 
327,507 
320,220 
4551342 
575,352 
15 342 015 
11,984,696 
1K:1:i223,312 
1523422015 
26,908,008 
33,733,826 
50,949,000 
61,890,270 
77,357,528 
Nasser Mohammed Marafih 
Deputy chairman 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 17 to 98 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements. 
12 
F-197

--- Page 440 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
13 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
Share 
capital 
Legal 
reserve 
Fair value  
and other 
reserves 
Employees’ 
benefits 
reserve 
Translation 
reserve 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
At 1 January 2021 
3,203,200 
12,434,282 
410,925 
(11,273) 
(7,869,693) 
1,304,333 
13,277,770 
22,749,544 
5,451,279 
28,200,823 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
46,918 
46,918 
1,005,702 
1,052,620 
Other comprehensive income/ (loss) 
- 
- 
(17,472) 
9,858 
(764,927) 
- 
- 
(772,541) 
(82,025) 
(854,566) 
Total comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year 
- 
- 
(17,472) 
9,858 
(764,927) 
- 
46,918 
(725,623) 
923,677 
198,054 
Employee benefit reserve transferred to retained 
earnings  
- 
- 
- 
(4,168) 
- 
- 
4,168 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with shareholders of the parent, 
recognised directly in equity 
Dividend (Note 35) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(800,800) 
(800,800) 
- 
(800,800) 
Transfer to other statutory reserves 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 22,635 
(22,635) 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with non-controlling interests, 
recognised directly in equity 
Change in non-controlling interest of associate 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,348 
1,348 
- 
1,348 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,187,926) 
(1,187,926) 
Transactions with non-owners of the Group, 
recognised directly in equity 
- 
Transfer to employee association fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,666) 
(1,666) 
(315) 
(1,981) 
Transfer to social and sports fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(990) 
(990) 
- 
(990) 
At 31 December 2021 
3,203,200 
12,434,282 
 393,453  
(5,583) 
(8,634,620) 
1,326,968 
12,504,113 
21,221,813 
5,186,715 
26,408,528 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-8. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 17 to 98 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
F-198

--- Page 441 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
14 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
Attributable to shareholders of the parent 
Share 
capital 
Legal 
reserve 
Fair value  
and other 
reserves 
Employees’ 
benefits 
reserve 
Translation 
reserve 
Other 
statutory 
reserves 
Retained 
Earnings 
Total 
Non –
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
At 1 January 2022 
3,203,200 12,434,282 
 393,453  
(5,583) (8,634,620) 
1,326,968 12,504,113 21,221,813 
5,186,715 
26,408,528 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,360,234 
2,360,234 
400,674 
2,760,908 
Other comprehensive income/ (loss) 
- 
- 
58,151 
124 
1,678,901 
- 
- 
1,737,176 
(87,177) 
1,649,999 
Total comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year 
- 
- 
58,151 
124 
1,678,901 
- 
2,360,234 
4,097,410 
313,497 
4,410,907 
Realised gain on FVTOCI 
    Investment recycled to retained earnings  
- 
- 
(78,717) 
- 
- 
- 
78,717  
- 
- 
- 
Employee benefit reserve recycled to retained 
earnings 
- 
- 
- 
4,682 
- 
- 
(4,682) 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with shareholders of the parent, 
recognised directly in equity 
Dividend (Note 35) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(960,960) 
(960,960)
- 
(960,960)
Transfer to other statutory reserves 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
45,370 
(45,370) 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with non-controlling interests, 
recognised directly in equity 
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary (Note 9.2) 
(1,206,108) (1,206,108) 
Capital reduction of a subsidiary 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(8,619) 
(8,619) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(440,108) 
(440,108) 
Transactions with non-owners of the Group, 
recognised directly in equity 
Transfer to employee association fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 (1,523) 
 (1,523)
(288)
(1,811) 
Transfer to social and sports fund 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  (45,385) 
 (45,385)
- 
(45,385) 
At 31 December 2022 
3,203,200 12,434,282 
372,887 
(777) (6,955,719) 
1,372,338 13,885,144 24,311,355 
3,845,089 
28,156,444 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-8. 
The accompanying notes set out on pages 17 to 98 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-199

--- Page 442 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
15 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
Note 
2022 
2021 * 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Profit before income tax 
3,133,492 
 1,679,317 
Adjustments for: 
Depreciation and amortisation 
7 
4,565,279 
 7,974,443 
Dividend income 
5 
(2,050) 
(50,305) 
Impairment losses on financial assets 
39 
192,526 
230,383 
Impairment losses on goodwill and other non-financial 
assets 
27 
193,308 
2,400,464 
Gain on disposal of investments at FVTPL 
(18,160) 
- 
Changes in fair value of investments at FVTPL 
3,218 
(18,040) 
Gain on disposal of non-financial assets 
9.1/9.2 
(40,704) 
(115,135) 
Gain on sale of towers  
-
(1,566,903)
Translation reserve recycled to profit or loss 
2,555,069 
- 
Gain on deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
9.2 
(2,571,881) 
(250,544) 
Finance costs 
8 
1,032,373 
 1,994,364 
Finance income 
8 
(266,883) 
(190,055) 
Provision for employees’ benefits 
30 
204,095 
 118,655 
Share of results of associates and joint ventures 
16 
(422,183) 
 (80,462) 
Operating profit before working capital changes 
8,557,499 
 12,126,182 
Working capital changes: 
Changes in inventories 
21 
(39,770) 
 28,180 
Changes in trade and other receivables 
22 
(699,845) 
214,267 
Changes in contract costs 
20 
(76,561) 
 33,812 
Changes in trade and other payables 
32 
224,603 
 (1,541,663) 
Changes in contract liabilities 
34 
17,818 
 (94,304) 
Cash generated from operations 
7,983,744 
10,766,474 
Interest paid 
29 
(848,768) 
 (1,935,825) 
Employees’ benefits paid 
30 
(153,376) 
 (183,173) 
Income tax paid 
19 
(306,389) 
  (672,248) 
Net cash generated from operating activities 
6,675,211 
 7,975,228 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
12 
(2,925,504) 
 (4,736,420) 
Acquisition of intangible assets 
13 
(236,845) 
 (1,224,986) 
Additional investments in associates 
-
(809)
Proceeds from disposal of stake in a subsidiary 
441,174 
- 
Proceeds from disposal of non-financial assets 
9.1/9.2 
56,974 
2,813,609 
Proceeds from disposal of investments at FVTPL 
100,503 
 1,507 
Released restricted deposits 
39,589 
 324,100 
Additions to restricted deposits 
(107,136) 
 (149,285) 
Movement in short-term deposits 
(57,710) 
 (180,047) 
Movement in other non-current assets 
-
(55,971)
Dividends received from an associate and a joint venture 
157,534 
18,854
Other dividends received 
2,050 
50,305
Interest received 
266,317 
189,382
Net cash used in investing activities 
(2,263,054) 
(2,949,761) 
F-200

--- Page 443 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
16 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
Note 
2022 
2021 * 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash flows from financing activities 
Proceeds from loans and borrowings 
3,594,251 
 10,115,417 
Repayments of loans and borrowings 
(5,477,168) 
 (15,525,788) 
Principal element of lease payments 
33 
(762,225) 
 (1,084,254) 
Reduction of capital in subsidiary 
(8,619) 
- 
Additions to deferred financing costs 
-
(78,396)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent 
35 
(960,960) 
(800,800)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests in 
subsidiaries 
(440,108) 
(1,187,926)
Movement in other non-current liabilities 
-
(537,497)
Net cash used in financing activities 
(4,054,829) 
 (9,099,244) 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents 
357,328 
(4,073,777) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
11,644,310 
14,609,483 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations 
421,724 
1,108,604 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
23 
12,423,362 
 11,644,310 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain reclassifications.
Refer to note 23 for details regarding non-cash financing and investing activities. 
Independent auditor’s report is set out in pages 1-8. 
The accompanying notes set out in pages 17 to 98 form an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements.
F-201

--- Page 444 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
17 
1. 
REPORTING ENTITY  
 
Qatar Public Telecommunications Corporation (the “Corporation”) was formed on 29 June 1987 
domiciled in the State of Qatar by Law No. 13 of 1987 to provide domestic and international 
telecommunication services within the State of Qatar. The Company’s registered office is located at 100 
Westbay Tower, Doha, State of Qatar. 
 
The Corporation was transformed into a Qatari Shareholding Company under the name of Qatar 
Telecom (Qtel) Q.S.C. (the “Company”) on 25 November 1998, pursuant to Law No. 21 of 1998. 
 
In June 2013, the legal name of the Company was changed to Ooredoo Q.S.C. This change had been 
duly approved by the shareholders at the Company’s extraordinary general assembly meeting held on 
31 March 2013. 
 
The Company changed its legal name from Ooredoo Q.S.C. to Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. to comply with the 
provisions of the new Qatar Commercial Companies Law issued on 7 July 2015. 
 
 
The Company is a telecommunications service provider licensed by the Communications Regulatory 
Authority (CRA) to provide both fixed and mobile telecommunications services in the state of Qatar. As 
a licensed service provider, the conduct and activities of the Company are regulated by CRA pursuant 
to Law No. 34 of 2006 (Telecommunications Law) and the Applicable Regulatory Framework. 
 
During 2021, the Qatar Commercial law number 11 of 2015 has been amended by Law number 8 of 
2021. The management assessed the compliance of the Company and the required changes to the Article 
of the Association was amended in the Extraordinary General Assembly Meeting held on 8 March 2022. 
 
The Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) provides domestic and 
international telecommunication services in Qatar and elsewhere in the Asia and Middle East and North 
African (MENA) region. Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the Parent Company of the Group. Qatar Holding L.L.C. 
is controlled by Qatar Investment Authority – the sovereign wealth fund of the State of Qatar – (the 
“Ultimate parent”). 
 
In line with an amendment issued by Qatar Financial Markets Authority (“QFMA”), effective from May 
2018, listed entities are required to comply with the Qatar Financial Markets Authority’s law and 
relevant legislations including Governance Code for Companies & Legal Entities Listed on the Main 
Market (the “Governance Code”). The Group has taken appropriate steps to comply with the 
requirements of the Governance Code.  
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 were 
authorised for issuance in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Group on 13 
February 2023. 
 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION  
 
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by International 
Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) and applicable 
requirements of the laws in Qatar.  
 
Basis of measurement 
 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for the 
following: 
 
• 
Equity instruments, classified as Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (“FVTOCI”) 
and Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (“FVTPL”), are measured at fair value; 
• 
Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value; 
• 
Liabilities for long term incentive points-based payments arrangements are measured at FVTPL; 
and 
• 
Assets classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value 
less cost to sell.
F-202

--- Page 445 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
18 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Historical cost is based on the fair value of the consideration, which is given in exchange for goods and 
services. The methods used to measure fair values are discussed further in note 40. 
 
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in Qatari Riyals, which is the Company’s functional 
and presentation currency, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousands (QR.’000) except when 
otherwise indicated. 
 
Judgments, estimates and risk management  
 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts 
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The 
significant judgments made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies, the key 
sources of estimation uncertainty and financial risk management objectives and policies are disclosed 
in note 39. 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. and its 
subsidiaries. The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all the periods 
presented (except as mentioned otherwise) in these consolidated financial statements, and have been 
applied consistently by the Group entities, where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial 
statements of the subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with those used by the Group.  
 
3.1  
GOING CONCERN 
 
The directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable 
expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the 
foreseeable future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION 
 
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities 
controlled by the Company (including structured entities) and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when 
the Company: 
 
- 
has power over the investee; 
- 
is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and 
- 
has the ability to use its power to affect returns. 
 
The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that 
there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. 
 
When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the 
investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities 
of the investee unilaterally. The Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing 
whether or not the Company’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including: 
 
- 
the size of the Company’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings 
of the other vote holders; 
- 
potential voting rights held by the company, other vote holders or other parties; 
- 
rights arising from contractual arrangements; and 
- 
any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the company has or does not have the 
current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including 
voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings. 
F-203

--- Page 446 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
19 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases 
when the Company loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary 
acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit and loss 
and other comprehensive income from the date the Company gains control until the date when the 
Company ceases to control the subsidiary. 
 
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the 
Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is 
attributable to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the 
non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. 
 
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their 
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies. 
 
All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions 
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation. 
 
A) 
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND GOODWILL 
 
The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is 
transferred to the Group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is measured at fair value, as 
are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any 
gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss immediately. 
Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities. 
 
The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing 
relationships. Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent 
consideration is classified as equity, then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within 
equity. Contingent consideration, classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and 
within scope of IFRS 9 Financial instruments, is measured at fair value with changes in fair value 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. Other contingent 
considerations that are not within the scope of IFRS 9 are measured at fair value at each reporting date 
with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred 
and the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any previous interest held, over the net 
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess 
of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group reassesses whether it correctly identified all of the 
assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the 
amounts to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair 
value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognised in 
profit or loss. 
 
If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in 
which the combination occurs, the Group reports in the consolidated financial statements provisional 
amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. During the measurement period, which 
is no longer than one year from the acquisition date, the provisional amounts recognised at acquisition 
date are retrospectively adjusted to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that 
existed as of the acquisition date and, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts 
recognised as of that date. During the measurement period, the Group also recognises additional assets 
or liabilities if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the 
acquisition date and, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of those assets and liabilities as 
of that date. 
F-204

--- Page 447 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
20 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
A) 
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED) 
 
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the 
purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition 
date, allocated to each of our cash-generating units, or CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the 
combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those 
units. 
 
Where goodwill acquired in a business combination has yet to be allocated to identifiable CGUs because 
the initial accounting is incomplete, such provisional goodwill is not tested for impairment unless 
indicators of impairment exist and we can reliably allocate the carrying amount of goodwill to a CGU or 
group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Where 
goodwill has been allocated to a CGU and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the 
goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation 
when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this 
circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the disposed operation and the portion of the 
CGU retained. 
 
B) 
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (“NCI”) 
 
NCI are measured at their proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets at the acquisition 
date. Changes in the Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted 
for as equity transactions. 
 
C) 
SUBSIDIARIES 
 
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or 
has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those 
returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the 
consolidated financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which 
control ceases. 
 
D) 
LOSS OF CONTROL 
 
When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the 
subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is 
measured at fair value when control is lost. 
 
E) 
INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES 
 
Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint 
control. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions 
of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies. 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement 
have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of 
control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require 
unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. 
 
 
F-205

--- Page 448 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
21 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
E) 
INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED) 
 
Interests in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are 
recognised initially at cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the 
consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures less any impairment in the value of individual 
investments. Losses of the associates and joint ventures in excess of the Group’s interest are not 
recognised unless the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations on their behalf. The carrying 
values of investments in associates and joint ventures are reviewed on a regular basis and if an 
impairment in the value has occurred, it is written off in the period in which those circumstances are 
identified. 
 
Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the fair values of the identifiable net assets 
of the associates and joint ventures at the date of acquisition is recognised as goodwill and included as 
part of the cost of investment. Any deficiency of the cost of acquisition below the Group’s share of the 
fair values of the identifiable net assets of the associates and joint ventures at the date of acquisition is 
credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year of acquisition. 
 
The Group’s share of associates’ and joint ventures’ results is based on the most recent financial 
statements or interim financial statements drawn up to the Group’s reporting date. For the Group’s 
joint ventures, the Group accounts for its share in the results, assets and liabilities of its joint ventures 
using the equity method of accounting. One of the Group’s joint ventures is an investment entity and 
applies fair value measurement to its subsidiaries.   
 
Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group (including 
its consolidated subsidiaries) and its associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements only to the extent of unrelated group’s interests in the associates or 
joint ventures. 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION 
 
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-
group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with associates and joint 
ventures are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. 
Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there 
is no evidence of impairment. 
F-206

--- Page 449 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
22 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
The subsidiaries of the Group, incorporated in the consolidated financial statements of Ooredoo 
Q.P.S.C. are as follows: 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective 
shareholding 
percentage as at 31 
December 
2022 
2021 
Ooredoo Investment Holding W.L.L 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo International Investments 
L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Group L.L.C.  
Management service 
company 
Qatar 
 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo South East Asia Holding W.L.L. Investment company 
Bahrain 
 
100% 
100% 
West Bay Holding W.L.L.  
Investment company 
Bahrain 
 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Asian Investments Pte. Ltd.  
Investment company 
Singapore 
 
100% 
100% 
Al Dafna Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain  
 
100% 
100% 
Al Khor Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
 
100% 
100% 
IP Holdings Limited  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Tower Holding Co.  
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
 
100% 
100% 
wi-tribe Asia Limited 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia Pte. Ltd. (iv) 
Investment company 
Singapore 
- 
100% 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited  Investment company 
Bermuda 
100% 
100% 
MENA Investcom W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Omani Qatari Telecommunications 
Company S.A.O.G. (“Ooredoo Oman”) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Oman 
55.0% 
55.0% 
Starlink W.L.L. 
Telecommunication 
company 
Qatar 
72.5% 
72.5% 
National Mobile Telecommunications 
Company K.S.C.P (“Ooredoo Kuwait”)  
Telecommunication 
company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Wataniya International FZ – L.L.C. 
Investment company 
United Arab 
Emirates 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Al-Bahar United Company W.L.L. 
(“Phono”) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Al Wataniya Gulf Telecommunications 
Holding Company W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Maldives PLC  
Telecommunication 
company 
Maldives 
83.3% 
83.3% 
WARF Telecom International Pvt. Ltd.  
Telecommunication 
company 
Maldives 
59.9% 
59.9% 
Wataniya Telecom Algerie S.P.A. 
(”Ooredoo Algeria”) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Algeria 
74.4% 
74.4% 
Ooredoo Consortium Ltd.  
Investment company 
Malta 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Duqm Data Centre SAOC (i) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Oman 
39.0% 
39.0% 
F-207

--- Page 450 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
23 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION CONTINUED) 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective 
shareholding 
percentage as at 31 
December 
2022 
2021 
Ooredoo Tunisia Holdings Ltd. 
Investment company 
Malta 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Malta Holdings Ltd. 
Investment company 
Malta 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Tunisie S.A. 
Telecommunication 
company 
Tunisia 
84.1% 
84.1% 
Wataniya Palestine Mobile 
Telecommunications Public 
Shareholding Company (“Ooredoo 
Palestine”) (ii) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Palestine 
45.4% 
45.4% 
Raywood Inc. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Newood Inc. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
100% 
100% 
Midya Telecom Company Limited 
(“Fanoos”) (iii) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Iraq 
49.0% 
49.0% 
Al-Rowad General Services Limited 
Investment company 
Iraq 
100% 
100% 
Asiacell Communications PJSC 
Telecommunication 
company 
Iraq 
64.1% 
64.1% 
wi-tribe Limited 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
86.1% 
86.1% 
Barzan Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Laffan Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Zekreet Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. 
Telecommunication 
company 
Myanmar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wokaer Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Al Wakrah Holding W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Bahrain 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Tamweel Ltd. 
Investment company 
Cayman Islands 
- 
100% 
Ooredoo IP L.L.C. 
Management service 
company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Global Services L.L.C 
Management service 
company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Seyoula International Investments 
W.L.L. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Fast Telecommunications Company 
W.L.L. 
Telecommunication 
company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Ooredoo Myanmar Fintech Limited 
Telecommunication 
company 
Myanmar 
100% 
100% 
OIH Investment L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wokaer East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Barzan East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Ooredoo Financial Services L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Al Wakra East L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
OSEA Investment L.L.C. 
Investment company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
AlAbraj Alaoula for General Contracting 
W.L.L. 
Contracting Company 
Qatar 
100% 
100% 
Mediterraneenne Prestations De Services 
EURL 
Contracting Company 
Algeria 
74.4% 
74.4% 
Gulf Towers S.P.C 
Contracting and 
Maintenance Company Oman 
55.0% 
55.0% 
Abraj Al Kuwait Holding LLC 
Trading and Contracting 
Company 
Kuwait 
92.1% 
92.1% 
Tunisia Towers Infraco SARL 
Advisory services on  
telecommunications 
Tunisia 
84.1% 
84.1% 
F-208

--- Page 451 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
24 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.2 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
F) 
TRANSACTIONS ELIMINATED ON CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Principal activity 
Country of 
incorporation 
Group effective 
shareholding 
percentage as at 31 
December 
2022 
2021 
MENA Tower Company B.V.  
Investment company 
Netherlands 
100% 
- 
MENA Digital Holdings B.V. 
Investment company 
Netherlands 
100% 
- 
Ooredoo Southeast Asia Holding Pte. Ltd Investment Company 
Singapore 
100% 
- 
Starlink Arabia 
Wholesale and retail 
electronics and 
reparations 
Saudi Arabia 
 
 
72.5% 
 
 
- 
Starlink Tech S.P.C 
Export and Import 
Services 
Oman 
 
72.5% 
 
- 
PT. Indosat Tbk (“Indosat Ooredoo”) (iv) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Indonesia 
- 
65.0% 
Indosat Singapore Pte. Ltd. (iv) 
Management service 
company 
Singapore 
- 
65.0% 
PT Starone Mitra Telekomunikasi (iv) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Indonesia 
- 
65.0% 
PT Aplikanusa Lintasarta (iv) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Indonesia 
- 
47.0% 
PT Lintas Media Danawa (iv) 
Investment company 
Indonesia 
- 
32.9% 
PT Interactive Vision Media (iv) 
Telecommunication 
company 
Indonesia 
- 
64.9% 
PT Portal Bursa Digital (iv) 
Investment company 
Indonesia 
- 
40.3% 
 
(i) 
The Group holds an effective 39% (2021: 39%) of Duqm Data Centre SAOC and has established 
control over the entity, as it can demonstrate power, indirectly, through Omani Qatari 
Telecommunications Company S.A.O.G. (“Ooredoo Oman”) by virtue of Ooredoo Oman having 
more than 51% of the voting interest or control in this company. This exposes the Group to 
variable returns from its investment and gives the Group the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over them, hence, this company has been considered as a subsidiary of the 
Group. 
 
(ii) 
The Group holds an effective 45.4% (2021: 45.4%) of Ooredoo Palestine and has established 
control over the entity as it can demonstrate power through its indirect ownership of National 
Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. (“NMTC”) by virtue of NMTC holding 49.3% of 
the voting interests in Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Public Shareholding 
Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”) along with its right to appoint the majority of the board of 
directors at all times, where major decisions are taken with simple majority. NMTC has also 
entered into an arrangement with the other majority shareholder, where NMTC is able to 
unilaterally make decisions over the relevant activities of Ooredoo Palestine. This exposes the 
Group to variable returns and gives the Group the ability to affect those returns through its 
power over Ooredoo Palestine. 
 
(iii) 
The Group incorporated Raywood Inc (“Raywood”), a special purpose entity registered in 
Cayman Islands with 100% (2021: 100%) voting interest held by the Group to carry out 
investment activities in Iraq. Raywood acquired a 49% voting interest in Midya Telecom 
Company Limited (“Fanoos”) in Iraq. Although the Group holds less than a majority of the 
voting rights of Fanoos, the Group can still demonstrate its power by virtue of shareholders’ 
agreement entered into between Raywood and Fanoos, Iraq. This arrangement exposes the 
Group to variable returns and gives the Group the ability to affect those returns over Fanoos.  
 
(iv) 
In 2021, the Group had the power indirectly through PT Indosat Tbk (“Indosat Ooredoo”) by 
virtue of Indosat Ooredoo holding more than 50% of the voting interests in these companies. 
This exposes the Group to variable returns from their investment and gives the Group the ability 
to affect those returns through its power over them. Hence, these companies have been 
considered as subsidiaries of the Group.  
F-209

--- Page 452 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
25 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.3 
CHANGES TO SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
1. 
New and amended standards adopted by the Group 
 
A number of new or amended standards became applicable for the current reporting period, and the 
Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting 
period commencing 1 January 2022: 
 
● 
Property, Plant & Equipment: proceeds before intended use – Amendments to IAS 16 
● 
Reference to the conceptual framework – Amendments to IFRS 3 
● 
Onerous contracts – cost of fulfilling a contract, amendments to IAS 37 
● 
Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020 
 
 
The amendments listed above did not have a material impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods 
and are not expected to significantly affect the current period. 
 
2. 
Impact of new standards (issued but not yet adopted by the Group) 
 
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 
the current reporting period and have not been adopted by the Group. The management of the Group is 
in the process of assessing the impact of these new standards, interpretation and amendments which 
will be adopted in the Group’s financial statement as and when they are applicable. 
 
3.4 
REVENUE      
 
Revenue is measured at an amount that reflects the considerations, to which an entity expects to be 
entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to customers, excluding amounts collected on 
behalf of third parties. Revenue is adjusted for expected discounts and volume discounts, which are 
estimated based on the historical data or forecast and projections. The Group recognises revenue when 
it transfers control over goods or services to its customers. 
 
Revenue from telecommunication services mainly consists of access charges, airtime usage, messaging, 
interconnect fees, data and connectivity services, connection fees and other related services. Services 
are offered separately or as bundled packages along with other services and/ or devices. 
 
For bundle packages, the Group accounts for individual products and services separately if they are 
distinct i.e. if a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and 
if a customer can benefit from it. The consideration is allocated between separate products and services 
(i.e. distinct performance obligations, “PO”) in a bundle based on their stand-alone selling prices.  
 
The stand-alone selling prices are determined based on the observable price at which the Group sells 
the products and services on a standalone basis. For items that are not sold separately (e.g., customer 
loyalty program) the Group estimates standalone selling prices using other methods (i.e. adjusted 
market assessment approach, cost plus margin approach or residual approach). 
 
Recognition of revenue  
 
Management considers recognising revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met, otherwise 
revenue will be recognised at a point in time: 
 
a) 
the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s 
performance as the Group performs; 
b) 
the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is 
created or enhanced; or 
c) 
the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the 
entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. 
 
The Group principally obtains revenue from following key segments: 
 
Mobile services 
 
Mobile service contracts typically consist of specific allowances for airtime usage, messaging, data, and 
connection fees. In this type of arrangement, the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the 
benefits as the Group performs the service. Thus, the revenue is recognised over the period as and when 
these services are provided.
F-210

--- Page 453 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
26 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4 
REVENUE (Continued) 
 
Fixed services 
 
The Group offers fixed services which normally include installation and configuration services, internet 
connectivity, television and telephony services. These services are bundled with locked or unlocked 
equipment, such as routers and/or set-top boxes. Similar to mobile service contracts, fixed service 
revenue with locked equipment is recognised over the contract period, whereas revenue recognition for 
unlocked equipment is upon transfer of control to the customer. 
 
Sale of unlocked devices 
 
Devices such as smartphones, tablets, Mi-Fis and other similar devices that are sold separately and are 
not bundled with mobile/fixed service contracts, have standalone value to the customer and are 
unlocked devices. The revenue from the sale of unlocked devices is recognised at a point in time upon 
transfer of control to the customer. 
 
Interconnection service 
 
Revenue from the interconnection of voice and data traffic with other telecommunications operators is 
recognised over time as and when the transit occurred across our network.  
 
Revenue from transit services  
 
The Group determines whether it will be acting as principal or an agent on these types of arrangements 
and accordingly recognises gross revenue if it is a principal, and net revenue if it is an agent. The revenue 
is recognised over the period as and when these services are provided. 
 
Customer loyalty schemes 
 
The Group has concluded that: (i) it is acting as a principal when the customer loyalty points are 
redeemed through the Group’s own services or products and recognises revenue on a gross basis; and 
(ii) is acting as an agent on customer loyalty scheme arrangements which are redeemed through its 
partners where revenue is recognised on a net basis.   
 
The Group concluded that the loyalty scheme gives rise to a separate performance obligation because it 
generally provides a material right to the customer. The Group allocates a portion of the transaction 
price to the loyalty scheme liability based on the relative standard standalone selling price of loyalty 
points and a contract liability is recognised until the points are redeemed or expired. 
 
Value-added services 
 
The Group has offerings where it provides customers with additional content, such as music and video 
streaming and SMS services, as Value-Added Services (VAS). For these types of services, the Group 
determines whether they are acting as a principal and accordingly recognises gross revenue if it is a 
principal, and net revenue where they have concluded they are an agent. 
 
Connection fees  
 
The Group has concluded that connection fees charged for the activation of services will be recognised 
over the contract period. The connection fees that are not considered as a distinct performance 
obligation shall form part of the transaction price and recognised over the period of service.  
F-211

--- Page 454 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
27 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.4 
REVENUE (Continued) 
 
Multiple elements arrangements (Mobile contract plus handset)  
 
The Group has concluded that in case of multiple elements arrangements with subsidised products 
delivered in advance, the component delivered in advance (e.g., mobile handset), will require 
recognition of a contract asset. Contract asset primarily relates to the Group’s right to consideration for 
services and goods provided but not billed at the reporting date. 
 
Installation cost, commissions to third party dealers, marketing expenses  
 
The Group has concluded that commissions and installation costs meet the definition of incremental 
costs to acquire a contract or a cost to fulfil a contract. The Group has capitalised these expenses as 
contract cost assets and amortised as per portfolio approach. Recognised contract assets will be subject 
to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 requirements. 
 
Upfront commission 
 
The Group has concluded that the sale of prepaid cards to dealers or distributors where the Group 
retains its control over the prepaid cards is assessed as a consignment arrangement. Thus, the Group 
shall not recognise revenue upon sale to dealers or distributors but upon utilisation or expiration of 
prepaid cards. Consequently, the commission arising from the sale of prepaid cards is recognised as an 
expense. 
 
In cases where the Group transfers its control over the prepaid cards to dealers, distributors or 
customers, the Group has concluded that the upfront commission qualifies as a consideration payable 
to a customer and therefore will be treated as a reduction of the transaction price. Similarly, the Group 
shall recognise revenue only upon utilisation or expiration of prepaid cards (expiration typically being 
1 to 2 years from the issuance date). 
 
Commission income 
 
When the Group acts in the capacity of an agent rather than as the principal in the transaction, the 
revenue recognised is the net amount of commission made by the Group. 
 
Ancillary service income 
 
Revenue from ancillary services is recognised when these services are provided. 
 
Significant financing component  
 
The Group has decided to recognise interest expense at an appropriate annual interest rates over the 
contract period and total transaction price including financing component is recognised when 
equipment is delivered to a customer.  
 
Contract assets and liabilities  
 
The Group has determined that contract assets and liabilities are to be recognised at the performance 
obligation level and not at the contract level and both contract assets and liabilities are to be presented 
separately in the consolidated financial statements. The Group classifies its contract assets and 
liabilities as current and non-current based on the timing and pattern of flow of economic benefits.  
 
Discounts and promotions 
 
The Group provides various discounts and promotions to its customers, which may be agreed at 
inception or provided during the contract term. The impact and accounting of these discounts and 
promotions vary and may result in recognition of contract assets. 
F-212

--- Page 455 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
28 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.5 
LEASES  
 
A. 
Definition of leases 
 
The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control 
the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a 
contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether: 
 
a. 
The contract involves the use of an identified asset – this may be specified explicitly or 
implicitly, and should be physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a 
physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a substantive substitution right, then the asset is 
not identified; 
b. 
The Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset 
throughout the period of use; and 
c. 
The Group has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Group has the right when it has the 
decision-making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset 
is used. In rare cases where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is 
predetermined, the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset if either: 
 
(i) 
The Group has the right to operate the asset; or 
(ii) 
The Group designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it 
will be used. 
 
B. 
As a lessee  
 
The Group leases several assets including sites, office buildings, shops, vehicles and others. The average 
lease term is 2 to 20 years. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may 
not be used as security for borrowing purposes. 
 
The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The 
right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs 
incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the 
underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use 
asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the 
earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated 
useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment. 
In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for 
certain remeasurements of the lease liability. 
 
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at 
the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot 
be readily determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate over a period of lease term. The 
incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay, to borrow over a 
similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the 
right-of- use asset, in a similar economic environment. Generally, the Group uses its incremental 
borrowing rate as the discount rate. 
 
The lease term determined by the Group comprises non-cancellable period of lease contracts, periods 
covered by an option to extend the lease if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option and 
periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the Group is reasonably certain not to exercise 
that option.  
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following: 
 
a 
Fixed payments; and 
b 
Lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an 
extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably 
certain not to terminate early. 
F-213

--- Page 456 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
29 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.5 
LEASES (CONTINUED) 
 
B. 
As a lessee (Continued) 
 
The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured 
when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a 
change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, 
or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination 
option. 
 
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying 
amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-
use asset has been reduced to zero. 
 
The Group presents right-of-use assets, which do not meet the definition of investment properties, 
separately from other assets and also separately presents lease liabilities, in the consolidated statement 
of financial position. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for 
short-term leases of all class of underlying assets that have a lease term of 12 months or less, or those 
leases which have low-value underlying assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated 
with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
The Group has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components and instead 
accounts for each lease component and associated non-lease components as a single lease component. 
 
C. 
As a lessor  
 
The Group performs an assessment of each lease on inception. If a lease transfers substantially all of 
the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, it is classified as a finance lease, 
otherwise, it is classified as an operating lease. The Group also considers certain indicators, such as 
whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset, as a part of its assessment. 
 
The operating leases entered into by the Group mainly relate to tower sharing arrangements, which 
have a lease term of 2 to 15 years. The lessee does not have an option to purchase the asset at the expiry 
of the lease period, and the unguaranteed residual values do not represent a significant risk for the 
Group.  
 
The Group has also entered into finance lease arrangements for optical fibre agreements, which have a 
lease term of 15 to 20 years. 
 
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-
lease separately. The lease classification of a sub-lease is assessed with reference to the right-of-use 
asset arising from the head lease, and not with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a 
short-term lease to which the Group applies the claimed exemption, the sub-lease is classified as an 
operating lease. 
 
When an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue 
from Contracts with Customers to allocate the consideration in the contract. The Group recognises lease 
payments received under operating leases as income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, on 
a straight line basis over the lease term. 
 
3.6 
OTHER GAINS / (LOSSES) 
 
Other gains / (losses) represents gains / (losses) generated by the Group that arise from activities 
outside of the provision for communication services and equipment sales. Key components of other 
gains / (losses) are recognised as follows: 
F-214

--- Page 457 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
30 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.6 
OTHER GAINS / (LOSSES) (CONTINUED) 
 
Fair value gains 
 
Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, gains on the remeasurement to 
fair value of any pre-existing interest in an acquire in a business combination and gains on hedging 
instruments that are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Foreign exchange gain and losses 
 
Foreign currency gains and losses on financial assets and financial liabilities are reported on a net basis 
as either finance income or finance cost depending on whether foreign currency movements are in a net 
gain or net loss position. 
 
3.7 
TAXES 
 
Some of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are subject to taxes on income in various foreign 
jurisdictions. Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred tax. 
 
Current income tax 
 
Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current year and prior years are measured at the amount 
expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. 
 
The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted by the end of the financial reporting year and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of 
previous years.  
 
Deferred income tax 
 
Deferred income tax is provided based on temporary differences at the end of the financial reporting 
year between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting 
purposes. 
 
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except: 
 
• 
where the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an 
asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit or loss; and 
 
• 
In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, 
associates and interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary 
differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in 
the foreseeable future. 
 
Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of 
unused tax credits and unutilised tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unutilised tax losses can be utilised except: 
 
• 
Where the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from 
the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination 
and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit 
or loss; and 
 
• 
In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, 
associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the 
extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and 
taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
F-215

--- Page 458 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
31 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.7 
TAXES (CONTINUED) 
 
The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each end of the financial reporting 
year and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available 
to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred income tax 
assets are reassessed at each end of the financial reporting year and are recognised to the extent that it 
has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered. 
 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the 
year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the financial reporting year.  
 
Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right 
exists to set off current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred income 
taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 
 
Current and deferred tax for the year 
 
Current and deferred income tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that 
are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current deferred 
tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.  Where current 
tax or deferred income tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect 
is included in the accounting for the business combination. 
 
Tax exposure 
 
In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of 
uncertain tax positions and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies 
on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of judgments about future events. New 
information may become available that causes the Group to change its judgments regarding the 
adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax expense in the period 
that such a determination is made. 
 
3.8 
FINANCE COST 
 
Finance costs comprise interest expense on lease liabilities and borrowings, unwinding of the discount 
on provisions recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
3.9 
FINANCE INCOME 
 
Finance income comprises interest income on funds invested that is recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. Interest income is recognised as it accrues in profit or loss, using effective 
interest method. 
 
3.10 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 
Recognition and measurement: 
 
Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses. Assets in the course of construction are carried at cost, less any impairment. 
 
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The costs of self-
constructed assets include the following: 
 
• 
The cost of materials and direct labor; 
• 
Any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their 
intended use; 
• 
When the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs 
of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and  
• 
Capitalised borrowing costs. 
F-216

--- Page 459 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
32 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.10 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Cost also includes transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign 
currency purchases of property, plant and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the 
functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.  
 
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted 
for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment. 
 
Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment (calculated as the difference 
between the net proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Capital work-in-progress is transferred to the related property, plant and equipment when the 
construction or installation and related activities necessary to prepare the property and equipment for 
their intended use have been completed, and the property and equipment are ready for operational use. 
 
Transfer to investment properties 
When the use of property changes from owner-occupied to investment properties, the property is 
reclassified accordingly at the carrying amount on the date of transfer in accordance with cost model 
specified under IAS 40. 
 
Expenditure 
Expenditure incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is 
accounted for separately is capitalised and the carrying amount of the component that is replaced is 
written off.  Other subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases future economic benefits 
of the related item of property, plant and equipment. All other expenditure is recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred. 
 
Depreciation 
Items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss over the estimated useful lives of each component. Leased assets are 
depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that 
the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. Land is not depreciated. 
 
Depreciation of these assets commences from the date that they are installed and are ready for use, or 
in respect of internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use. 
The estimated useful lives of the property, plant and equipment are as follows. 
 
Buildings 
 
 
 5 – 40 years 
Exchange and networks assets 
 
 
5 – 25 years 
Subscriber apparatus and other equipment 
 
 2 – 10 years 
 
The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or 
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.  If any such indication 
exists and where the carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are written 
down to their recoverable amount, being the higher of their fair value less costs to sell and their value 
in use. 
 
Derecognition 
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic 
benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset is 
included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised. The asset’s 
residual values, useful lives and method of depreciation are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at 
each financial year end.
F-217

--- Page 460 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
33 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.11 
BORROWING COSTS 
 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that 
necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as 
part of the cost of the respective assets.  All other borrowing costs are expensed as incurred.  Borrowing 
costs consist of interest and other costs that the Group incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds. 
 
3.12 
GOVERNMENT GRANTS 
 
Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply 
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received. 
 
Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the 
Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. 
Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct 
or otherwise acquire non-current assets (including property, plant and equipment) are recognised as 
deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on 
a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets. 
 
Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for 
the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are 
recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. 
 
The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, 
measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing 
market interest rates. 
 
3.13 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND LONG-TERM PREPAYMENTS 
 
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible 
assets acquired in a business combination is fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial 
recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated intangible assets, excluding capitalised 
development costs, are not capitalised and expenditure is reflected in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss in the year in which the expenditure is incurred. 
 
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for 
impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation 
period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life is reviewed at each 
financial year.  
 
Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits 
embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, 
and treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with 
finite lives is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the expense category consistent 
with the nature of the intangible asset. 
 
Research and development 
Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical 
knowledge and understanding, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. 
 
Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved 
products and processes. Development expenditure is capitalised only if development costs can be 
measured reliably, the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic 
benefits are probable, and the Group intends to and has sufficient resources to complete development 
and to use or sell the asset. The expenditure capitalised includes the cost of materials, direct labor, 
overhead costs that are directly attributable to preparing the asset for its intended use, and capitalised 
borrowing costs. Other development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Capitalised 
development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated 
impairment losses.
F-218

--- Page 461 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
34 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.13 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND LONG-TERM PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Indefeasible rights of use (“IRU”) 
IRUs correspond to the right to use a portion of the capacity of a terrestrial or submarine transmission 
cable granted for a fixed period. IRUs are recognised at cost as an asset when the Group has the specific 
indefeasible right to use an identified portion of the underlying asset, generally optical fibres or 
dedicated wavelength bandwidth, and the duration of the right is for the major part of the underlying 
asset’s economic life. They are amortised on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the expected period 
of use and the life of the contract which ranges between 10 to 15 years. 
 
Capital work-in-progress related to IRU is initially presented as part of property, plant and equipment. 
When the construction or installation and related activities necessary to prepare the IRU for their 
intended use and operations have been completed, the related IRU will be transferred from property, 
plant and equipment to long term prepayments based on the specific contractual rights. 
 
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. 
 
Goodwill 
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of identifiable net assets 
of the investee at the date of acquisition which is not identifiable to specific assets. 
 
Goodwill acquired in a business combination from the acquisition date is allocated to each of the 
Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the 
synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned 
to those units or groups of units. 
 
Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated: 
 
• 
represents the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal 
management purposes; and 
• 
is not larger than a segment based on the Group’s operating segments as determined in 
accordance with IFRS 8, Operating Segments. 
 
A summary of the useful lives and amortisation methods of Group’s intangible assets other than 
goodwill are as follows: 
 
License costs 
Customer 
contracts and 
related customer 
relationship 
Brand / 
Trade names 
IRU*, software 
and other 
intangibles 
Useful lives 
Finite 
(10 – 50 years) 
Finite 
(2 – 8 years) 
Finite 
(6 – 25 years) 
Finite 
(3 – 15 years) 
Amortisation method 
used 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability. 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Amortised on a 
straight line basis 
over the periods of 
availability 
Internally generated or 
acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
Acquired 
 
* 
IRUs treated as long term prepayments and generally amortised over (15) years. 
F-219

--- Page 462 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
35 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.14 
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES 
 
Investment properties are properties held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for 
both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or 
services or for administrative purposes. Investment properties are initially measured at cost. Cost 
includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment properties. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation of investment properties are computed using the 
straight line method over the estimated useful lives (EUL) of assets of twenty (20) years. 
 
When the use of a property changes such that it is reclassified as property and equipment, its fair value 
at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent accounting. 
 
Investment properties are depreciated on a straight line basis using estimated useful life of 20 years.  
 
Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment 
properties is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its 
disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment properties are recognised 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the year of retirement or disposal. 
 
3.15 
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 
 
For measurement and disclosure purposes, the Group determines the fair value of an asset or liability 
at initial measurement or at each reporting date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another 
valuation technique. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to 
sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: 
 
• 
In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
• 
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
 
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group. The fair value of an 
asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. 
 
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to 
generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another 
market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use. 
 
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient 
data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and 
minimising the use of unobservable inputs. 
 
Fair value for measurement and/ or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is 
determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of 
IFRS 2; leasing transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 16 and measurements that have some 
similarities to fair value, but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 or value in use in 
IAS 36. 
 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial 
statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest 
level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
 
• 
Level 1 – Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
• 
Level 2 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable. 
• 
Level 3 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable.
F-220

--- Page 463 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
36 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.15 
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)  
 
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring 
basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-
assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting date. 
 
3.16 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of 
financial position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than 
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted 
from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. 
Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
3.17 
FINANCIAL ASSETS  
 
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date 
basis.  
 
Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets 
within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.  
 
All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at amortised cost or fair value 
through other comprehensive or fair value through profit and loss, depending on the classification of 
the financial assets.  
 
Classification of financial assets  
 
(i) 
Debt instruments designated at amortised cost 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at amortised cost: 
 
• 
The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in 
order to collect contractual cash flows; and 
• 
The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
Amortised cost and effective interest rate method  
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial 
recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective 
interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for 
any loss allowance. The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial 
asset before adjusting for any loss allowance. 
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of 
allocating interest income over the relevant period. 
 
Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured 
subsequently at amortised cost and at FVTOCI. For financial instruments other than purchased or 
originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective 
interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have 
subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of 
the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial 
instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is 
recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. 
F-221

--- Page 464 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
37 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.17 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
(ii) 
Debt instruments designated at FVTOCI 
 
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured subsequently at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI): 
 
• 
The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and  
• 
The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
(iii) 
Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI 
 
On initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-by-instrument 
basis) to designate investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Designation at FVTOCI is not 
permitted if the equity investment is held for trading or if it is contingent consideration recognised by 
an acquirer in a business combination. 
 
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. 
Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value 
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value and other reserves. The 
cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss on disposal of 
the equity investments, instead, they will be transferred to retained earnings.  
 
Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in consolidated statement of profit 
or loss unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. 
 
(iv) 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
 
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are 
measured at FVTPL. Specifically: 
 
• 
Investments in equity instruments are classified as at FVTPL, unless the Group designates an 
equity investment that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a 
business combination as at FVTOCI on initial recognition.  
 
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair 
value gains or losses recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
F-222

--- Page 465 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
38 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.17 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
 
The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in 
that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically: 
 
• 
for financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging 
relationship, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘Other Losses – net’ line 
item (note 9.2); 
• 
for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, 
exchange differences on the amortised cost of the debt instrument are recognised in profit or loss 
in the ‘Other Losses – net’ line item (note 9.2). As the foreign currency element recognised in 
profit or loss is the same as if it was measured at amortised cost, the residual foreign currency 
element based on the translation of the carrying amount (at fair value) is recognised in other 
comprehensive income in the investments revaluation reserve; 
• 
for financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, 
exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘Other Losses – net’ line item as part 
of the fair value gain or loss; and 
• 
for equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other 
comprehensive income in the investments revaluation reserve. 
 
Impairment of financial assets 
 
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on investments in debt 
instruments that are measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI, trade and other receivables, contract 
assets, as well as on financial guarantee contracts. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at 
each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial 
instrument. 
 
The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables and contract assets. The expected 
credit losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s 
historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic 
conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the 
reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate. The Group has identified the GDP 
and the unemployment rate of the countries in which it sells its goods and services to be the most 
relevant factors. 
F-223

--- Page 466 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
39 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.17 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Impairment of financial assets (continued) 
 
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument 
has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that 
financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL 
should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring 
since initial recognition. 
 
Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over 
the expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime 
ECL that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 
months after the reporting date. 
 
(i) 
Significant increase in credit risk 
 
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the 
reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial 
recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative 
information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking 
information that is available without undue cost or effort.  
 
For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable 
commitment is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial 
instrument for impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk 
since initial recognition of a financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk 
that the specified debtor will default on the contract. 
 
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable 
of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.  
 
(ii) 
Definition of default 
 
The Group employs flowrate models to analyse the historical data collected and generate estimates of 
probability of default (“PD”) of exposures with the passage of time. This analysis includes the 
identification for any changes in default rates and changes in key macro-economic factors across various 
geographies of the Group. For trade receivables, the average credit terms are 30-90 days. 
 
F-224

--- Page 467 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
40 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.17 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
 
(iii) 
Credit-impaired financial assets 
 
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the 
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is 
credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events: 
 
(a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower. 
(b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event. 
(c) 
the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s 
financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession that the lender would not 
otherwise consider. 
(d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial 
reorganisation; 
(e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; 
or 
(f) 
when the financial asset is 90 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable 
information that demonstrates otherwise. 
 
(iv) 
Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses 
 
The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default 
and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based 
on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. As for the exposure at default, for financial 
assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial 
guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount drawn down as at the reporting date, together 
with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in the future by default date determined based 
on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific future financing needs of the debtors, and 
other relevant forward-looking information. 
 
For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash 
flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group 
expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.  
 
For a financial guarantee contract, as the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a 
default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, the expected 
loss allowance is the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any 
amounts that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.  
 
The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in consolidated statement of profit or loss for all 
financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss 
allowance account, except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, for which 
the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value and 
other reserves, and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the consolidated 
statement of financial position.
F-225

--- Page 468 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
41 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.17 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
(v) 
Write-off policy 
 
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in 
severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. 
 
Derecognition of financial assets 
 
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the 
risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its 
retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group 
retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group 
continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds 
received. 
 
Modification of financial assets 
 
The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual terms of the financial assets. 
The Group assesses whether the modification of contractual cash flows is substantial considering, 
among others, the following factors: any new contractual terms that substantially affect the risk profile 
of the asset (e.g. profit share or equity-based return), significant change in interest rate, change in the 
currency denomination of the instrument, new collateral or credit enhancement that significantly 
affects the credit risk associated with the asset or a significant extension of a loan when the borrower is 
not in financial difficulties. 
 
If the modified terms are substantially different, the rights to cash flows from the original asset expire 
and the Group derecognises the original financial asset and recognises a new asset at its fair value. The 
date of renegotiation is considered to be the date of initial recognition for subsequent impairment 
calculation purposes, including determining whether a significant increase event has occurred. The 
Group also assesses whether the new loan or debt instrument meets the solely payments of principal 
and interest criterion. Any difference between the carrying amount of the original asset derecognised 
and fair value of the new substantially modified asset is recognised in profit or loss, unless the substance 
of the difference is attributed to a capital transaction with owners. 
 
In a situation where the renegotiation was driven by financial difficulties of the counterparty and 
inability to make the originally agreed payments, the Group compares the original and revised expected 
cash flows to assets whether the risks and rewards of the asset are substantially different as a result of 
the contractual modification. If the risks and rewards do not change, the modified asset is not 
substantially different from the original asset and the modification does not result in derecognition. The 
Group recalculates the gross carrying amount by discounting the modified contractual cash flows by the 
original effective interest rate, and recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. 
F-226

--- Page 469 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
42 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.17 
FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Modification of financial assets (continued) 
 
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s 
carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt 
instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value 
and other reserves is reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss. In contrast, on 
derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition 
to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value and other 
reserves is not reclassified to consolidated statement profit or loss, but is transferred to retained 
earnings. 
 
A financial asset (or, where applicable a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is derecognised where: 
 
• 
The contractual rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired. 
• 
The Group retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an obligation 
to pay them in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; or 
• 
The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either (a) has 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the 
asset. 
F-227

--- Page 470 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
43 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.18 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
All financial liabilities are measured either at FVTPL or at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method. 
 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair 
value recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss to the extent that they are not part of a 
designated hedging relationship. The net gain or loss recognised in the consolidated statement profit or 
loss incorporates any interest paid on the financial liability.  
 
However, for financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value 
of the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the 
liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The remaining amount of change in the fair value of 
liability is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable 
to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income are not subsequently reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss; instead, they 
are transferred to retained earnings upon derecognition of the financial liability.  
 
Gains or losses on financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group that are designated by the Group 
as at FVTPL are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost   
Financial liabilities, that are not designated as at FVTPL, are measured subsequently at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method.  
 
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of 
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part 
of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected 
life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial 
liability. 
 
Financial guarantee contract liabilities 
A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to 
reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in 
accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. 
 
Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at their fair values and, if not designated 
as at FVTPL and do not arise from a transfer of an asset, are measured subsequently at the higher of: 
 
• 
The amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with IFRS 9 (see financial assets 
above); and 
• 
The amount recognised initially less, where appropriate, cumulative amortisation recognised 
in accordance with the revenue recognition policies set out above. 
 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost 
at the end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the 
amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the ‘Other 
Losses – net’ line item in profit or loss (note 9.2) for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated 
hedging relationship. For those which are designated as a hedging instrument for a hedge of foreign 
currency risk foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated in a separate component of equity. 
 
The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign 
currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that 
are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses. 
F-228

--- Page 471 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
44 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.18 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (CONTINUED) 
 
 
Derecognition of financial liabilities 
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are 
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial 
liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
Derivatives are recognised initially at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are 
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is 
recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging 
instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the 
hedge relationship. A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset whereas a 
derivative with a negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability. 
 
3.19 
HEDGE ACCOUNTING 
 
The Group may designate certain derivatives as hedging instruments in respect of interest rate risk as 
cash flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments are accounted for as cash flow 
hedges. 
 
At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the relationship between the hedging 
instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for 
undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing 
basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting changes in fair 
values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging 
relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements: 
 
- 
There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument; 
- 
The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic 
relationship; and 
- 
The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of 
the hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that 
the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item. 
 
If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio 
but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the 
Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the 
qualifying criteria again. 
F-229

--- Page 472 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
45 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.20 
SHARE CAPITAL 
 
Ordinary shares 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. The bonus shares and rights issued during the year are shown 
as an addition to the share capital. Issue of bonus shares are deducted from the accumulated retained 
earnings of the Group. Any share premium on rights issues are accounted for in compliance with local 
statutory requirements. 
 
Dividend on ordinary share capital 
Dividend distributions to the Group’s shareholders are recognised as a liability in the consolidated 
financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the shareholders. Dividends 
for the year that are approved after the reporting date of the consolidated financial statements are 
considered as an event after the reporting date. 
 
3.21 
EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS 
is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is determined 
by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number 
of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which comprise 
convertible notes and share options granted to employees, if any. 
 
Where the effect of the assumed conversion of the convertible notes and the exercise of all outstanding 
options have an anti-dilutive effect, basic and diluted EPS are stated at the same amount. 
 
3.22 
INVENTORIES  
 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.  
 
The cost of inventories is based on the weighted average principle, and includes expenditure incurred 
in acquiring the inventories and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing location and 
condition.  
 
Net realisable value is based on estimated selling price less any further costs expected to be incurred on 
completion and disposal. 
F-230

--- Page 473 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
46 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.23 
PROVISIONS 
 
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a 
past event, and it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation. Provisions are 
measured as a best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the reporting date 
and are discounted to present value where the effect is material. 
 
Decommissioning liability 
The Group recognises a decommissioning liability where it has a present legal or constructive obligation 
as a result of past events, and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the 
obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of obligation can be made. 
 
The Group records full provision for the future costs of decommissioning for network and other assets. 
When the liability is initially recognised, the present value of the estimated costs is capitalised by 
increasing the carrying amount of the related network and other assets to the extent that it was incurred 
by the development/ construction.  
 
Changes in the estimated timing or cost of decommissioning are dealt with prospectively by recording 
an adjustment to the provision and a corresponding adjustment to network and other assets. Any 
reduction in the decommissioning liability and, therefore, any deduction from the asset to which it 
relates, may not exceed the carrying amount of that asset. If it does, any excess over the carrying value 
is taken immediately to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
If the change in estimate results in an increase in the decommissioning liability and, therefore, an 
addition to the carrying value of the asset, the Group considers whether this is an indication of 
impairment of the asset as a whole, and if so, tests for impairment. If, the estimate for the revised value 
of network and other assets net of decommissioning provision exceeds the recoverable value, that 
portion of the increase is charged directly to expense. 
 
Over time, the discounted liability is increased for the change in present value based on the discount 
rate that reflects current market assessments and the risks specific to the liability. The periodic 
unwinding of the discount is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as a finance cost. 
 
The Group recognises neither the deferred tax asset in respect of the temporary difference on the 
decommissioning liability nor the corresponding deferred tax liability in respect of the temporary 
difference on a decommissioning asset. 
 
End of service benefits 
The Group provides end of service benefits to its employees. The entitlement to these benefits is based 
upon the employees’ final salary and length of service, subject to the completion of a minimum service 
period, calculated under the provisions of the Labour Law and is payable upon resignation or 
termination of the employee. The expected costs of these benefits are accrued over the period of 
employment. 
F-231

--- Page 474 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
47 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.23 
PROVISIONS (CONTINUED) 
 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits 
Pension costs under the Group’s defined benefit pension plans are determined by periodic actuarial 
calculation using the projected-unit-credit method and applying the assumptions on discount rate, 
expected return on plan assets and annual rate of increase in compensation.  
 
The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by 
estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, 
discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. 
 
The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the 
projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the 
recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future 
refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value 
of economic benefits, consideration is given to any applicable minimum funding requirements. 
 
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the 
return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), 
are recognised immediately in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest 
expense (income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate 
used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the then-net 
defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability 
(asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net interest expense and 
other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. 
 
When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that 
relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The 
Group recognises gains and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement 
occurs. 
 
With respect to the Qatari nationals, the Company makes contributions to Qatar Retirement and 
Pension Authority as a percentage of the employees’ salaries in accordance with the requirements of 
respective local laws pertaining to retirement and pensions. The share of contributions to these 
schemes, which are defined contribution schemes under IAS – 19 'Employee Benefits' are charged to 
the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Long-term incentive plan 
The Group provides long term incentive points (the “benefit”) to its employees under the long term 
incentive plan. The entitlement to these benefits is based on employee performance and the overall 
performance of the Group, subject to fulfilling certain conditions (“vesting conditions”) under 
documented plan and is payable upon end of the vesting period (the “exercise date”). The benefit is 
linked to the performance of employees and the Group, and the Group proportionately recognises the 
liability against these benefits over the vesting period through the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss, until the employees become unconditionally entitled to the benefit.  
 
The fair value of the liability is reassessed on each reporting date and any changes in the fair value of 
the benefit are recognised through the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
Once the benefit is settled in cash at the exercise date, the liability is derecognised. The amount of cash 
settlement is determined based on a number of factors including the number of incentive points 
awarded, the Group’s operating performance based on predetermined targets and the Group’s share 
price performance over the vesting period. On breach of the vesting conditions, the liability is 
derecognised through the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
F-232

--- Page 475 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
48 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
 
3.24 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS 
 
Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial 
statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Transactions in foreign 
currencies are initially recorded by the Group entities at their respective functional currency rate 
prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are retranslated at the functional currency spot rate of exchange ruling at the end of the 
financial reporting year. 
 
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated 
using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at 
fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is 
determined. Foreign currency differences arising on retranslation are recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss, except for differences arising on the retranslation of fair value through other 
comprehensive income which are recognised in other comprehensive income. 
 
Translation of foreign operations 
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on 
acquisition, are translated to Qatari riyals at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and 
expenses of foreign operations are translated to Qatari Riyals at exchange rates at the dates of the 
transactions. 
 
Foreign currency differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and presented in the 
foreign currency translation reserve in equity. However, if the operation is not a wholly owned 
subsidiary, then the relevant proportionate share of the translation difference is allocated to the non-
controlling interests. When a foreign operation is disposed of such that control or significant influence 
is lost, the cumulative amount in the translation reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified 
to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.  
 
When the Group disposes of only part of its interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation 
while retaining control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to non-
controlling interests. When the Group disposes of only part of its investment in an associate or joint 
venture that includes a foreign operation while retaining significant influence or joint control, the 
relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
When the settlement of a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation is neither 
planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, foreign exchange gains and losses arising from such a 
monetary item are considered to form part of a net investment in a foreign operation and are recognised 
in other comprehensive income and presented in the translation reserve in equity. 
 
 
3.25 
IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets, other than inventories, are reviewed at each 
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, 
then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating 
unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the 
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For 
the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that 
generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other 
assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).  
 
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds 
its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss.  
F-233

--- Page 476 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
49 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
3.25 
IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
 
Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the 
carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the 
other assets in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis. Impairment losses recognised in prior 
periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer 
exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the 
recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount 
does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or 
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. 
 
3.26 
SEGMENT REPORTING 
 
Segment results that are reported to the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) include 
items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. 
Financial information on operating segments is presented in note 45 to the consolidated financial 
statements. 
 
3.27 
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE 
 
The consolidated financial statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the reporting 
date and the date when the consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, provided they 
give evidence of conditions that existed at the reporting date. Any post year-end events that are non-
adjusting events are discussed in the consolidated financial statements when material. 
 
3.28 
ACCOUNTING FOR LEVIES  
 
IFRIC 21 governs the accounting for levies that do not fall within the scope of IAS 12 “Income Taxes”. 
The Group makes payments to certain regulatory bodies that are based on certain percentages of 
revenue and interconnection expenses from regulated activities. As such, management has assessed 
these payments to be in the scope of IFRIC 21, rather than IAS 12 and treated these payments as 
expenses in the statement of profit or loss. 
 
3.29 
ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE 
 
Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be 
recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is 
considered highly probable. They are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less 
costs to sell, except for assets such as deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial 
assets and investment properties that are carried at fair value and contractual rights under insurance 
contracts, which are specifically exempt from this requirement. 
 
An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset (or disposal 
group) to fair value less costs to sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less 
costs to sell of an asset (or disposal group), but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss 
previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of the sale of the noncurrent 
asset (or disposal group) is recognised at the date of derecognition. 
 
Non-current assets (including those that are part of a disposal group) are not depreciated or amortised 
while they are classified as held for sale. Interest and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a 
disposal group classified as held for sale continue to be recognised. 
 
Assets classified as held for sale and the assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale are 
presented separately from the other assets in the balance sheet. The liabilities of a disposal group 
classified as held for sale are presented separately from other liabilities in the statement of financial 
position. 
F-234

--- Page 477 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
50 
4. 
REVENUE 
 
The Group derives its revenue from contracts with customers for the transfer of goods and services over 
time and at a point in time in the following revenue streams. The disclosure of revenue by streams is 
consistent with the revenue information that is disclosed for each reportable segment under IFRS 8 (see 
note 45). 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of services 
 21,114,169  
 28,405,651  
Sale of telecommunication equipment 
1,485,709 
 1,385,124  
Equipment rental revenue 
 98,306  
 108,967  
22,698,184 
 29,899,742  
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At a point in time 
1,485,709 
1,385,124 
Overtime 
 21,212,475  
28,514,618 
22,698,184 
29,899,742 
 
5. 
OTHER INCOME 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Dividend income 
 2,050  
50,305 
Rental income 
 35,178  
45,757 
Miscellaneous income (i) 
158,190 
 398,842  
195,418 
 494,904  
 
(i) 
Miscellaneous income consists of various individually insignificant amounts. 
 
F-235

--- Page 478 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
51 
6. 
NETWORK, INTERCONNECT AND OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Outpayments and interconnect charges 
1,817,200 
2,508,947 
Regulatory and related fees (i) 
1,500,085 
2,501,557 
Rentals and utilities 
705,552 
1,347,513 
Network operation and maintenance 
 1,537,695  
2,292,626 
Cost of equipment sold and other services 
2,947,784 
2,577,267 
Marketing costs and sponsorship 
645,603 
731,009 
Commission on cards 
629,807 
655,214 
Legal and professional fees 
249,837 
214,637 
Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories 
12,108 
1,450 
Other expenses 
575,280 
656,169 
10,620,951 
13,486,389 
 
(i) Royalties and industry fees are presented in note 10 which are calculated based on predefined sources 
of revenue and interconnection expenses in accordance with IFRIC 21.  
 
7.  
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
2,962,834 
 5,309,905  
Depreciation of investment properties 
 12,783  
13,196 
Amortisation of intangible assets 
1,028,365 
1,455,566 
Amortisation of right-of-use assets 
561,297 
 1,195,776  
 
4,565,279 
7,974,443 
 
8. 
FINANCE COSTS AND FINANCE INCOME 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Finance costs 
 
 
Interest on loans and borrowings 
708,322 
1,165,112 
Profit paid on Islamic financing obligations 
- 
39,068 
Amortisation of deferred financing costs (Note 29) 
39,579 
44,274 
Interest on lease liabilities 
263,304 
638,639 
Other finance costs 
21,168 
107,271 
Total finance cost 
1,032,373 
1,994,364 
 
 
Finance income 
 
 
Interest income 
(266,883) 
(190,055) 
Total finance income 
(266,883) 
(190,055) 
 
 
9.1 
GAIN ON SALE OF TOWERS 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Gain on sale of towers 
- 
1,566,903 
 
On 30 March 2021, Indosat Ooredoo (seller-lessee) entered into a Sales and Purchase agreement for 
the sale of 4,247 telecommunication towers with net carrying value amounted to QR. 0.34 billion to PT 
EPID Menara AssetCo, (buyer-lessor) ultimately owned by Digital Colony with net consideration of QR. 
2.61 billion resulting in gain amounting to QR. 1.57 billion. Furthermore, each party also entered into a 
lease agreement for one space each of 4,085 telecommunication towers for a 10 year period starting 
from the closing date of the transactions. On 18 May 2021, the Indosat Ooredoo and EPID closed the 
deal on the sale and leaseback transactions. 
F-236

--- Page 479 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
52 
9.1 
GAIN ON SALE OF TOWERS (CONTINUED) 
 
Significant judgment has been applied by management in assuming a 10-year lease term for the leased 
back assets. The management will continue to re-assess extension options and termination options only 
when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs that is within the control of Indosat 
Ooredoo. 
 
9.2 
OTHER LOSSES– NET 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Foreign currency loss - net  
(3,077,354) 
(835,273) 
Change in fair value of derivatives – net  
681 
3,597 
(Loss) / Gain on investments in securities FVTPL 
(3,218) 
18,040 
Gain on disposal of non-financial assets 
40,704 
115,135 
Gain on deconsolidation of a subsidiary (i) 
2,571,881 
- 
Other miscellaneous expenses  
(2,865) 
(17,068) 
(470,171) 
(715,569) 
 
(i) 
Merger between Indosat Ooredoo (“IO”) and PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia 
 
On 4 January 2022, one of the subsidiaries of the Group namely IO completed a statutory merger with 
PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia (“H3I”), the Indonesian subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited 
(“CKH”).  
 
The merger was approved by the shareholders on 28 December 2021. However, the remaining ministry 
approvals to finalise the merger deal (Minister of Law and Human Rights and Ministry of 
Communication and Informatics) were only received on 4 January 2022. Accordingly, the merger was 
completed as of that date, and the Group lost control over IO in which the Group had 65% shareholding 
via Ooredoo Asia - its fully owned subsidiary, when the new board of directors came into effect.  
 
On the same day of merger closing, CK Hutchison Group acquired a 50% shareholding in Ooredoo 
Hutchison Asia (“OHA”) (previously known as Ooredoo Asia). Following this restructuring, the Group 
and CK Hutchison Group each owns 50% of OHA, based on which Ooredoo Group and CK Hutchison 
Group now have joint control over 65.6% ownership stake in the merged Company via OHA. 
 
The merger has resulted in the deconsolidation of IO and the recognition of the retained interest as 
investment in a joint venture with effective ownership of 32.8%. 
F-237

--- Page 480 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
53 
9.2 
OTHER LOSSES– NET (CONTINUED) 
 
Below is the carrying amounts of IO’s assets and liabilities as at the date of the merger: 
 
 
QR.’000 
Property, plant and equipment 
 8,560,998  
Intangible assets, goodwill and long-term prepayments 
5,477,053 
Right-of-use assets 
 3,051,059  
Investment properties 
 56,816  
Investment in associates and joint ventures 
71,309 
Financial assets – equity instruments 
96,716 
Other non-current assets 
634,429 
Deferred tax assets 
171,518 
Inventories 
4,628 
Contract costs 
21,393 
Trade and other receivables 
1,403,152 
Bank balances and cash 
1,044,340 
Assets held for sale 
300,492  
Total Assets 
20,893,903 
 
Loans and borrowings 
4,343,615 
Employees’ benefits 
118,695 
Lease liabilities 
4,336,974 
Deferred tax liabilities 
267,962 
Other non-current liabilities 
974,244 
Contract liabilities 
49,679 
Trade and other payables 
4,127,166 
Deferred income 
694,829 
Income tax payable 
4,999 
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale  
5,149 
Intercompany payables 
10,756 
Total Liabilities 
14,934,068 
Net assets 
5,959,835 
Non-controlling interest 
(1,206,108) 
Carrying amount of net assets derecognised 
4,753,727 
 
Below is the calculation of the gain on the deconsolidation: 
 
 
QR.’000 
Consideration received or receivable: 
 
Fair value of retained interest in Ooredoo Hutchison Asia* 
5,916,347 
Cash received 
1,409,261 
Total consideration 
7,325,608 
Carrying amount of net assets derecognised 
(4,753,727) 
Gain on sale before recycling of foreign currency translation reserve 
2,571,881 
Recycling of foreign currency translation reserve 
(2,555,069) 
Gain on deconsolidation 
16,812 
 
* The fair value of the retained interest in Ooredoo Hutchison Asia is derived from the quoted price of 
IOH’s shares on the effective merger date with appropriate consideration and adjustment for a control 
premium. Management exercised judgement and the control premium applied was determined to be 
40%, which is a level 2 valuation technique. 
F-238

--- Page 481 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
54 
10. 
ROYALTIES AND FEES 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Royalty and industry fees (i), (ii) 
427,124 
532,465 
Other statutory fees (iii) 
15,438 
5,601 
442,562 
538,066 
 
(i) 
Royalty is payable to the Government of the Sultanate of Oman based on 12% of the net of 
predefined sources of revenue and interconnection expenses to local operators for mobile 
license and 10% (2021: 7%) for fixed license which is accounted for under IFRIC 21 - QR. 
249,306 thousand (2021: QR. 218,335 thousand). 
 
(ii) 
In accordance with its operating licenses for Public Telecommunications Networks and Services 
granted in Qatar by ICT QATAR, now referred to as the Communications Regulatory Authority 
(CRA), the Company is liable to pay to the CRA an annual industry fee which is calculated at 
12.5% (2021: 12.5%) of regulated activities undertaken in Qatar pursuant to the licenses which 
is accounted for under IFRIC 21 - QR. 177,818 thousand (2021: QR. 314,130 thousand). 
 
(iii) 
Contributions by National Mobile Telecommunications Company K.S.C.P. to Kuwait 
Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (“KFAS”), National Labour Support Tax (“NLST”) 
and Zakat are included under other statutory fees. 
 
Other regulatory and related fees are presented in note 6 which are calculated based on revenue from 
regulated activities. 
 
11. 
BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the earnings for the period attributable to the 
shareholders of the parent by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. 
 
There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding at any time during the year and, therefore, the 
dilutive earnings per share is equal to the basic earnings per share. 
 
2022 
2021 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent 
(QR.’000) 
2,360,234 
46,918 
Weighted average number of shares (In ’000) 
3,203,200 
3,203,200  
Basic and diluted earnings per share (QR.) 
0.74 
0.01 
 
F-239

--- Page 482 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
55 
 
12. 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 
Land and 
buildings 
Exchange and 
networks 
assets 
Subscriber 
apparatus 
and other 
equipment 
Capital work 
in progress 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2021 
 7,122,530  
 63,036,483  
 7,843,527  
 3,007,874  
 81,010,414  
Deconsolidation of a 
subsidiary 
 (18,757) 
 (252,522) 
 (68,931) 
 (1,055) 
 (341,265) 
Additions 
 12,869  
 1,132,464  
 133,488  
 3,457,599  
 4,736,420  
Transfers 
 221,921  
 3,371,553  
 416,645  
 (4,010,119) 
- 
Disposals (ii) 
 (400,955) 
 (551,747) 
(110,341) 
- 
  (1,063,043) 
Reclassification 
 (165,878) 
 58,594  
 (58,594) 
 (126,152) 
 (292,030) 
Assets classified for sale 
 (3,782,714) 
 (26,444,115) 
 (2,518,718) 
 (292,681) 
(33,038,228) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (128,262) 
 (1,968,752) 
 (329,667) 
 (65,585) 
 (2,492,266) 
At 31 December 2021 
 2,860,754  
 38,381,958  
 5,307,409  
 1,969,881  
 48,520,002  
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
14,890 
844,575 
 103,589  
1,668,176 
2,631,230 
Transfers 
219,741 
1,290,829 
 504,394  
(2,014,964)
- 
Disposals 
(25,564) 
(317,709) 
(75,439) 
(58)
(418,770) 
Reclassification 
- 
- 
- 
(97,552)
(97,552) 
Exchange adjustment 
(31,904) 
(925,262) 
(148,082) 
(22,769)
(1,128,017) 
At 31 December 2022 
3,037,917 
39,274,391 
5,691,871 
1,502,714 
49,506,893 
 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2021 
4,475,600  
43,898,376  
6,516,335  
- 
54,890,311 
Deconsolidation of a 
subsidiary 
 (15,734) 
 (141,264) 
 (68,556) 
- 
 (225,554) 
Provided during the year  
 329,604  
 4,387,813  
 592,488  
- 
 5,309,905  
Impairment during the 
year (i) 
 913  
 723,541  
 9,085  
- 
- 
 733,539  
Disposals  
 (274,249) 
 (474,765) 
 (99,491) 
- 
 (848,505) 
Reclassification 
 (65,303) 
 32,632  
 (32,632) 
- 
 (65,303) 
Assets classified for sale 
 (2,878,292) 
 (19,491,166) 
 (2,107,772) 
- 
 (24,477,230) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (93,365) 
 (1,276,263) 
 (296,197) 
- 
 (1,665,825) 
At 31 December 2021 
 1,479,174  
 27,658,904  
 4,513,260  
- 
 33,651,338  
 
 
 
 
 
Provided during the year  
96,595 
2,471,726 
394,513 
- 
2,962,834 
Impairment reversal 
during the year 
- 
- 
(2,856)
- 
(2,856) 
Disposals  
(17,534) 
(313,057) 
(75,014)
- 
(405,605) 
Reclassification 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Exchange adjustment 
(13,975) 
(750,328) 
(132,143)
- 
(896,446) 
At 31 December 2022 
1,544,260 
29,067,245 
4,697,760 
- 
35,309,265 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2022 
1,493,657 
10,207,146 
994,111 
1,502,714 
14,197,628  
At 31 December 2021 
 1,381,580  
 10,723,054  
 794,149  
 1,969,881  
 14,868,664  
 
(i) 
Details about the key assumptions and the calculation of the impairment related to Myanmar 
are provided in note 27. 
 
(ii) 
Refer to note 9.1 for details regarding the sale of towers during the year.
F-240

--- Page 483 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
                                                                                                           56 
13. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND LONG-TERM PREPAYMENTS 
 
Licence 
costs 
Goodwill 
Customer 
contracts and 
related 
customer  
relationship 
Trade names 
 
Software and 
other 
intangibles 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2021 
31,090,876  
9,313,591  
626,181  
2,558,465  
4,246,186  
47,835,299  
Additions 
 299,009  
                  -  
                        -  
                  -  
 108,714  
 407,723  
Disposals 
                     -  
                  -  
                        -  
                  -  
 (9,390) 
 (9,390) 
Reclassification 
                     -  
                  -  
                        -  
                  -  
 118,183  
 118,183  
Assets classified as held for sale 
 (3,583,817) 
  (3,310,024) 
 (501,190) 
 (1,620,348) 
 (367,535) 
 (9,382,914) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (1,498,602) 
 (198,015) 
 (17,269) 
 (44,145) 
 (149,606) 
 (1,907,637) 
At 31 December 2021 
26,307,466 
5,805,552  
107,722 
893,972 
3,946,552 
37,061,264 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
 20,894  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  97,608  
  118,502  
Disposals 
 (3,642)
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (37,969)
 (41,611) 
Reclassification 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 97,552  
 97,552  
Exchange adjustment 
 (1,071,107)
 (203,935) 
 (7,184)
 (24,134)
 11,734  
 (1,294,626) 
At 31 December 2022 
25,253,611 
5,601,617 
100,538 
869,838 
4,115,477 
35,941,081 
 
 
F-241

--- Page 484 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
 
57 
13. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND LONG-TERM PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
License 
costs 
Goodwill 
Customer 
contracts and 
related 
customer 
relationship 
Brand/ 
Trade names 
 
Software and 
other 
intangibles 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Accumulated amortisation and 
impairment losses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2021 
15,159,869  
881,015 
626,181  
1,708,030  
3,005,266  
21,380,361  
Amortisation 
 1,044,497  
- 
                        -  
 80,076  
 330,993  
 1,455,566  
Impairment (i) 
 1,085,698  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 1,085,698  
Disposals 
                     -  
                  -  
                        -  
                  -  
 (8,613) 
 (8,613) 
Reclassification 
                     -  
- 
                        -  
                  -  
 (2,899) 
 (2,899) 
Assets classified as held for sale 
 (1,996,721) 
 (237,834) 
 (501,190) 
 (879,693) 
 (290,423) 
 (3,905,861) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (842,143) 
 (13,117) 
 (17,269) 
 (24,746) 
 (134,135) 
 (1,031,410) 
At 31 December 2021 
 14,451,200  
 630,064  
 107,722  
 883,667  
 2,900,189  
 18,972,842  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation 
 702,608  
 -  
 -  
 9,937  
 315,820  
 1,028,365  
Disposals 
 (3,642)
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (34,864)
 (38,506) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (682,531)
 (14,589) 
 (7,184)
 (23,766)
 4,826  
 (723,244) 
At 31 December 2022 
14,467,635 
615,475 
100,538 
869,838 
3,185,971 
19,239,457 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2022 
10,785,976 
4,986,142 
- 
- 
929,506 
16,701,624 
At 31 December 2021 
 11,856,266  
 5,175,488  
- 
 10,305  
 1,046,363  
 18,088,422  
 
(i) 
Details about the key assumptions and the calculation of the impairment related to Myanmar are provided in note 27.  
(ii) 
Long term prepayments relate to payments in advance for service arrangements which generally have a term of 15 years.
F-242

--- Page 485 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
58 
13. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND LONG-TERM PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
i 
Impairment testing of goodwill 
 
Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to individual cash generating 
units (CGUs) for impairment testing as follows: 
 
Carrying 
value 
Carrying 
value 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cash generating units 
 
 
 
Ooredoo Kuwait 
582,218 
 588,438  
Ooredoo Algeria 
1,795,461 
 1,815,044  
Ooredoo Tunisia 
2,291,291 
 2,441,712  
Asiacell Communications PJSC 
275,690 
288,491 
Others 
41,482 
41,803 
4,986,142 
 5,175,488  
 
Movement in the Goodwill carrying value is driven by exchange adjustments during the year. The 
Goodwill was tested for impairment as at 31 December 2022. The recoverable amount of the CGUs was 
determined based on value in use calculated using cash flows projections by management covering a 
period of five years.  
 
ii 
Key Assumptions used in value in use calculations 
 
Key Assumptions 
 
The principal assumptions used to determine value-in-use include long-term cash flows, discount rates, 
terminal value growth rate estimates, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation 
(“EBITDA”) growth rate and CAPEX. The assumptions are constructed based upon historic experience 
and management’s best estimate of future trends and performance and take into account anticipated 
efficiency improvements over the forecasted period. 
 
Discount rates 
Discount rates reflect management’s estimate of the risks specific to each CGU. Discount rates are based 
on a weighted average cost of capital for each CGU and ranged from 9.0% to 22.9% (2021: 7.3% to 
22.1%) In determining the appropriate discount rates for each CGU, the yield local market ten-year 
government bond is used, where available.  
 
Terminal value growth rate 
The business plans take into account local market considerations such as the revenues and costs 
associated with future customer growth, the impact of local market competition and consideration of 
the local macro-economic and political trading environment. The growth rate does not exceed the 
average long-term growth rate for the relevant markets and it ranges from 4.3% to 6.5% (2021: 3.5% to 
5.7%). 
 
Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortisation  
The cash flow forecasts for budgeted EBITDA are derived from revenue, and the related cost of sales 
and operating expenses. The forecasts are mainly based on past experience and management’s best 
estimate of future trends in the market including number of customers, penetrations, average revenue 
per users, new products and services. 
 
Budgeted Capex 
The cash flow forecasts for budgeted capital expenditure are based on past experience and include the 
ongoing capital expenditure required to continue rolling out networks in emerging markets, providing 
enhanced voice and data products and services, and meeting the population coverage requirements of 
certain licenses of the Group. Capital expenditure includes cash outflows for the purchase of property, 
plant and equipment and other intangible assets. 
F-243

--- Page 486 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
59 
13. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND LONG-TERM PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
ii 
Key Assumptions used in value in use calculations (continued) 
 
 
Long-term cash flows and working capital estimates 
The Group prepares cash flow forecasts for the next five years, derived from the most recent annual 
business plan approved by the Board of Directors.  
 
At 31 December 2022, the discount rate used for Ooredoo Algeria was 14.58% (2021: 13.85%) and the 
terminal growth rate was 6.5% (2021: 5.7%). Management considers that changes to the discount rate 
and the terminal growth rate could cause the carrying value of the following CGUs to exceed their 
recoverable amount. If the discount rate is increased by 3.6% (2021: 1.5%) or if the terminal growth rate 
is decreased by 5.4% (2021: 2.1%) with all other variables held constant, the recoverable amount would 
equal the carrying value. 
 
At 31 December 2022, the discount rate used for Ooredoo Tunisia was 12.79% (2021: 12.42%) and the 
terminal growth rate was 5.25% (2021: 5%). Management considers that changes to the discount rate 
and the terminal growth rate could cause the carrying value of the CGU to exceed the recoverable 
amount. If the discount rate is increased by 0.3% (2021: 1.8%) or if the terminal growth rate is decreased 
by 0.4% (2021: 2.4%) with all other variables held constant, the recoverable amount would equal the 
carrying value. 
 
At 31 December 2022, the discount rate used for Ooredoo Kuwait was 8.98% (2021: 7.32%) and the 
terminal growth rate was 5.1% (2021: 4.0%). Management considers that changes to the discount rate 
and the terminal growth rate could cause the carrying value of the CGU to exceed their recoverable 
amount. If the discount rate is increased by 3.6% (2021: 2.7%) or if the terminal growth rate is decreased 
by 4.6% (2021: 3.3%) with all other variables held constant, the recoverable amount would equal the 
carrying value. 
 
At 31 December 2022, the discount rate used for Asiacell Communications PJSC was 12.35% (2021: 
10.89%) and the terminal growth rate was 5.5% (2021: 4.0%). Management considers that any 
reasonable changes to the discount rate and the terminal growth rate will not cause the carrying value 
of the CGUs to exceed the recoverable amount.  
 
The calculation of the recoverable amount of the remaining CGUs include high headroom and 
management has assessed that any reasonable possible change in key assumptions in relation to these 
CGUs would not result in an impairment loss. 
 
 
14. 
RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
 
                                                           Right-of-use assets 
Land and 
buildings 
Exchange 
and network 
assets 
Subscriber 
apparatus 
and other 
equipment 
Indefeasible 
rights-of-use 
(IRU) 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2021 
 4,562,779  
5,467,233 
 251,404  
 89,804  
10,371,220  
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
 (8,465) 
 (3,589) 
 (4,687) 
- 
 (16,741) 
Additions 
          633,383  
 1,214,388  
51,571  
              - 
1,899,342  
Reduction on early termination 
 (23,145) 
 (130,753) 
 (4,187) 
             - 
 (158,085) 
Disposal during the year 
 (326,584) 
- 
- 
- 
 (326,584) 
Reclassification 
 (42,967) 
 7,969  
                      -  
                      -  
 (34,998) 
Assets classified as held-for-
sale 
 (3,912,498) 
 (1,173,526) 
 (187,366) 
- 
 (5,273,390) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (131,154) 
 (572,443) 
 (7,210) 
            (4,761)  
 (715,568) 
At 31 December 2021 
 751,349  
 4,809,279  
 99,525  
 85,043  
 5,745,196  
 
 
 
 
 
Additions 
 64,274  
 280,760  
 51,571  
 42,506  
 439,111  
Reduction on early termination 
 (5,001)
 (40,134) 
 (1,004)
 (17,432)
 (63,571) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (20,714)
 (285,777) 
 (799)
 (5,437)
 (312,727) 
At 31 December 2022 
789,908 
4,764,128 
149,293 
104,680 
5,808,009 
F-244

--- Page 487 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
60 
14. 
RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED) 
 
Right-of-use assets 
Land and 
buildings 
Exchange 
and 
network 
assets 
Subscriber 
apparatus 
and other 
equipment 
Indefeasible 
rights-of-
use (IRU) 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Accumulated 
amortisation 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2021 
 1,935,811  
1,495,594  
 191,995  
 37,467  
3,660,867  
Deconsolidation of a 
subsidiary 
 (1,618) 
 (3,021) 
 (4,666) 
- 
 (9,305) 
Provided during the year 
 494,919  
 633,068  
 55,606  
 12,183  
 1,195,776  
Impairment during the year 
(i) 
- 
 581,227  
 -  
- 
 581,227  
Reduction on early 
termination 
 (9,813) 
 (22,656) 
 (2,203) 
- 
 (34,672) 
Disposal during the year 
 (109,482) 
- 
- 
- 
 (109,482) 
Reclassification 
- 
 2,899  
-  
- 
 2,899  
Assets classified as held-for-
sale 
 (1,779,376) 
 (262,575) 
 (180,380) 
- 
 (2,222,331) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (50,776) 
 (122,168) 
 (5,365) 
 (2,129) 
 (180,438) 
At 31 December 2021 
 479,665  
 2,302,368  
 54,987  
 47,521  
 2,884,541  
 
 
 
 
 
Provided during the year 
 94,897  
 432,889  
 17,344  
 16,167  
 561,297  
Reduction on early 
termination 
(1,399)
(20,127)
(1,004)
 
(12,238) 
 
(34,768) 
Exchange adjustment 
 (9,487)
 (178,574)
 (261)
 (2,666) 
 (190,988) 
At 31 December 2022 
563,676 
2,536,556 
71,066 
48,784 
3,220,082 
 
Carrying value 
At 31 December 2022 
226,232 
2,227,572 
78,227 
55,896 
2,587,927 
At 31 December 2021 
 271,684  
 2,506,911  
 44,538  
 37,522  
 2,860,655  
 
Following the election of the Group not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-
term and low-value leases, QR. 29,404 thousand (2021: QR. 438,065 thousand) and QR. 4,177 thousand 
(2021: QR. 2,975 thousand), respectively, were recognised as expenses during the year. Moreover, 
variable lease payments which were recognised as expenses during 2022 amounted to QR. 18,379 
thousand (2021: 18,884 thousand). 
 
(i) 
Details about the key assumptions and the calculation of the impairment on goodwill and other 
non- financial assets are provided in note 27.
F-245

--- Page 488 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
61 
15. 
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Cost 
 
 
At 1 January  
 336,471  
170,593 
Transfer from property, plant and equipment 
- 
 208,845  
Transfer from other non-current assets 
- 
 13,849  
Related to held for sale 
- 
 (56,816) 
Exchange adjustment 
(5,906) 
- 
At 31 December  
330,565 
 336,471  
Accumulated depreciation 
 
 
At 1 January 
 202,511  
124,012 
Transfer from property, plant and equipment 
- 
 65,303  
Provided during the year 
12,783 
 13,196  
Exchange adjustment 
(1,944) 
- 
At 31 December 
213,350 
 202,511  
Carrying value At 31 December 
117,215 
 133,960  
 
Investment properties comprise the portion of the Group’s headquarters building rented to a related 
party, in addition to properties not occupied by the Group and currently held for undetermined use. 
 
There was a valuation exercise performed by an external valuer, independent valuers not connected 
with the Group. The valuation conforms to International Valuation Standards. Management believe that 
the fair value investment property is approximately QR. 349,105 thousand (2021: QR. 362,050 
thousand), which is higher than the carrying value at reporting dates. The fair value was determined 
based on the market comparable approach that reflects recent transaction prices for similar properties/ 
other methods.  The fair value hierarchy for valuation of investment property is categorised under level 
2. 
 
The property rental income earned by the Group from its investment properties, all of which is leased 
out under operating leases, amounted to QR. 35,178 thousand (2021: QR. 45,757 thousand). 
 
F-246

--- Page 489 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
62 
16. 
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES 
 
The Group has the following investment in associates and joint ventures: 
 
Associate / Joint 
Venture companies 
Principal activity 
Classification 
Country of 
incorporation 
Effective 
ownership 
2022 
2021 
 
 
Navlink, Inc., a Delaware 
Corporation 
Managed Service Provider 
delivering technology 
solutions in the enterprise 
data market 
Associate 
United States of 
America 
 
 
 
40% 
40% 
Asia Mobile Holdings Pte 
Ltd (“AMH”) 
Holding company 
Associate 
Singapore 
 
25% 
25% 
PT Multi Media Asia 
Indonesia 
Satellite based 
telecommunication services Associate 
Indonesia 
 
 
- 
17% 
MEEZA QSTP LLC 
Information technology 
services 
Associate 
Qatar 
 
20% 
20% 
Titan Bull Holdings 
Limited (i) 
Holding Company 
Associate 
Cayman Islands 
 
18% 
18% 
Monetix SPA (i) 
Electronic Banking 
Associate 
Algeria 
19% 
19% 
SB ISAT Fund, L.P. 
Investment Management 
Associate 
Cayman Islands 
- 
28% 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia 
Pte. Ltd.  
Holding company  
Joint venture  
Singapore  
50% 
- 
Asia Internet Holding S.a 
r.l., 
Holding Company 
Joint venture 
Luxembourg 
 
50% 
50% 
Intaleq Technology 
Consulting & Services 
W.L.L. 
Technical services for 
Sports venues and events 
Joint venture 
Qatar 
 
 
55% 
55% 
 
(i) Although the Group holds less than 20% effective holding of equity shares of certain entities, the 
Group exercises significant influence by virtue of its contractual right to appoint directors to the board 
of directors of that entity. 
 
 
The following table is the summarised financial information of the Group’s investments in the associates 
and joint ventures: 
 
Ooredoo 
Hutchison 
Asia 
Others 
Total 
Associates  
Joint 
ventures 
Total 
2022 
2022 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Group’s share of 
associates and joint 
ventures statement of 
financial position: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
2,033,618 
 1,171,304  
 3,204,922  
1,243,843 
68,510 
1,312,353 
Non-current assets 
 11,407,542  
 2,563,426  
13,970,968 
2,421,141 
19,646 
2,440,787 
Current liabilities 
 (4,402,278)
 (685,100)  (5,087,378)
(752,364)
(24,297)
(776,661) 
Non-current liabilities 
 (7,639,508)  (2,284,267) 
(9,923,775)
(2,233,641)
(4,755)
(2,238,396) 
Net assets 
1,399,374 
 765,363  
2,164,737 
678,979 
59,104 
738,083 
Goodwill  
4,170,023 
 716,315  
4,886,338 
908,071 
- 
908,071 
Carrying amount of the 
investments 
  
5,569,397 
  
1,481,678 
 
7,051,075 
1,587,050 
59,104 
1,646,154 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group’s share of 
associates’ and joint 
ventures’ revenues and 
results: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues 
3,762,633  
1,666,625  
 5,429,258  
1,497,752 
- 
1,497,752 
Profit/(loss) for the year 
406,430 
15,753 
422,183 
62,141 
18,321 
80,462 
 
F-247

--- Page 490 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
63 
16. 
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED) 
 
The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments has changed as follows in the year ended  
31 December 2022: 
 
Ooredoo Hutchison 
Asia 
Others 
Total 
2022 
2022 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
At 1 January 
- 
1,646,154 
1,646,154 
Additions 
5,916,347 
- 
5,916,347 
Share of results for the year 
406,430 
15,753 
422,183 
Other comprehensive loss 
(609,046) 
29,135 
(579,911) 
Dividend received 
(144,334) 
(13,200) 
(157,534) 
Impairment 
- 
(196,164) 
(196,164) 
At 31 December 
5,569,397 
1,481,678 
7,051,075 
 
In 2022, the Group received dividends from associates amounting to QR. 157,534 thousand (2021: QR. 
18,854 thousand). No other significant movements during the year other than the dividends and the 
share of results. 
 
The significant balance of investment in associates relates to Asia Mobile Holdings Pte Ltd. (“AMH”). 
During the year, management has performed impairment assessment of AMH based on the indicators 
and currently available information. The Group has applied a value-in-use approach to determine the 
recoverable amount of the investment in AMH. The Group has used WACC of 7.78% and terminal 
growth rate of 4% in their impairment assessment. Consequently, during the year, the Group has 
recorded an impairment on the investment in AMH of QR. 196 million as the investment's recoverable 
amount was lower than its carrying value (note 27). 
 
Management has incorporated their effective share in AMH, based on the estimated unaudited financial 
information of AMH, in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.  
 
On 4 January 2022, one of the subsidiaries of the Group namely IO completed a statutory merger with 
PT Hutchison 3 Indonesia (“H3I”), the Indonesian subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited 
(“CKH”). The merger has resulted in the deconsolidation of IO and the recognition of the retained 
interest as investment in a joint venture with effective ownership of 32.8%. Details of the purchase 
consideration, the net assets acquired, and goodwill are as follows: 
 
The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:  
Assets and liabilities 
Fair value 
QR.’000  
Trade and other receivables 
2,012,416 
Bank balances and cash 
1,368,477 
Other current assets 
340,022 
Property, plant, and equipment 
10,008,035 
Intangible assets 
4,161,077 
Right-of-use assets 
6,898,317 
Other noncurrent assets 
1,261,664 
Loans and borrowings - Current 
(2,270,988) 
Lease Liabilities - Current 
(707,425) 
Trade and other payables 
(4,892,045) 
Deferred income - Current 
(1,181,034) 
Other current liabilities 
(70,104) 
Loans and borrowings – non-current 
(3,081,286) 
Lease Liabilities – non-current 
(6,692,221) 
Other non-current liabilities 
(2,718,755) 
Fair value of net identifiable assets before non-controlling interests 
4,436,150 
Non-controlling interests 
(287,067) 
Fair value of net identifiable assets 
4,149,083 
Proportion of the Group’s ownership  
32.82% 
Group’s share of fair value of net identifiable assets 
1,361,820 
Other adjustments 
(242) 
Total fair value of net identifiable assets at Group level 
1,361,578 
Fair value of retained interest  
5,916,347 
Notional Goodwill arising on acquisition 
4,554,769 
F-248

--- Page 491 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
64 
16. 
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED) 
 
In compliance with the provisions of International Accounting Standard (IAS 28) 'Investments in 
associates and joint ventures' a notional purchase price allocation (NPPA) was undertaken in 
accordance with IFRS 3 ‘Business combinations’ to account for the acquisition transaction. The NPPA 
identified customer relationships, spectrum licenses, brand name, and goodwill as intangible assets.  
   
The Group engaged independent valuers in order to determine the fair value of the retained interest 
and the fair values that formed part of the notional purchase price allocation.  
 
Tax demand notices against Ooredoo Hutchison Asia 
 
As at the reporting date, one of the Group’s joint ventures, Ooredoo Hutchison Asia was subject to tax 
demand assessments by the Indonesia Tax Authority for Value Added Tax (VAT) claims from years 
2009 to 2018 for an amount of QR. 86 million; corporate tax claims for years 2007 to 2018 amounting 
to QR. 468 million; and withholding tax claims from years 2012-2019 amounting to QR. 224 million. 
The joint venture has applied its judgement and recognised provisions amounting to QR. 257 million in 
respect of these matters and has included contingent liabilities where economic outflows are considered 
possible but not probable. 
 
The significant balance of investment in joint ventures relates to Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (“OHA”). 
During the year, management has performed impairment assessment of OHA based on the indicators 
and currently available information. The Group has applied a value-in-use approach to determine the 
recoverable amount of the investment in OHA and no impairment was noted. The Group has used 
WACC of 11.44% and terminal growth rate of 5% in their impairment assessment. Management has 
incorporated their effective share in OHA in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
 
F-249

--- Page 492 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
65 
17. 
FINANCIAL ASSETS – EQUITY INSTRUMENTS 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Investment in equity instrument designated at FVTOCI  
 629,385  
 682,195  
Financial assets measured at FVTPL 
 3,192  
 3,883  
632,577 
 686,078  
 
The Group’s financial assets comprise of investment in a telecommunication related company with fair 
value of QR. 451,690 thousand (2021: QR. 422,242 thousand), investment in venture capital funds and 
other private equity funds. The investment in hedge funds is accounted for at fair value through the 
statement of profit or loss (FVTPL). 
 
Investments accounted for at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI). The Group has 
elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as these investments are 
held for medium to long-term strategic purposes and not held for trading. 
 
Refer to note 40 for related fair value information. 
 
18. 
OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Long term advances and deposits (i) 
 45,983  
 61,993  
Long-term prepayments (ii) 
 64,850  
 72,313  
Advance made for the acquisition of property, plant and 
equipment 
  
30,816  
 
 49,455  
Contract assets 
 54,387  
 43,335  
Others 
 5,978  
 7,103  
202,014  
234,199  
 
(i) 
Mainly relates to long-term advances or deposits made in respect of property, plant and 
equipment. 
 
(ii) 
Long term prepayments mainly relate to payments in advance for service arrangements which 
have terms ranging from 5 to 15 years. 
 
F-250

--- Page 493 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
66 
19. 
INCOME TAX 
 
The income tax represents amounts recognised by the subsidiaries. The major components of the 
income tax expense for the year included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Current income tax 
 
 
Current income tax charge 
 352,260  
604,007 
Adjustments in respect of previous years’ income tax 
 (38,584) 
(30,742) 
 
 
Deferred income tax 
 
 
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences 
58,908 
 53,432  
Income tax included in the consolidated statement of 
profit or loss 
372,584 
 626,697  
 
The Company is not subject to income tax in the State of Qatar. The tax rate applicable to the taxable 
subsidiaries Companies in the range of 10% to 39% (2021: 10% to 37%) For the purpose of determining 
the taxable results for the year, the accounting profit of the companies were adjusted for tax purposes. 
Adjustments for tax purposes include items relating to both income and expense. 
 
The adjustments are based on the current understanding of the existing laws, regulations and practices 
of each subsidiaries’ jurisdiction. In view of the operations of the Group being subject to various tax 
jurisdictions and regulations, it is not practical to provide a detailed reconciliation between accounting 
and taxable profits together with the details of the effective tax rates. As a result, the reconciliation 
includes only the identifiable major reconciling items. The reconciliation between tax expense and the 
product of accounting profit multiplied by the Group’s effective tax rate is as follows:  
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Profit before tax  
3,133,492 
1,679,317 
The Company and its subsidiaries that are not subject to 
corporate income tax 
(1,579,678) 
(1,588,037) 
Accounting profit of subsidiaries and associates that are subject 
to corporate income tax 
1,553,814 
91,280 
 
 
Tax charge based on the effective income tax rate of 20% (2021: 
15%) 
303,434 
13,822 
Add/(deduct): 
 
 
Tax effect of expenses and income that are not subject to tax 
  (21,649) 
(34,895) 
Tax effect of income already subject to final tax 
 42,354  
23,698 
Tax effect of temporary differences from subsidiaries with losses 
that the Group currently does not expect to use 
  
74,053  
547,434 
Tax effect of temporary difference due to leases 
7,580 
7,123 
Tax effect of allowances, accruals and other temporary difference 
  (4,899) 
16,986 
Tax effect of depreciation – net 
 (36,856) 
29,839 
Tax effect of unutilised tax losses brought forward 
 (11,757) 
-  
Current income tax charge at the effective income tax 
rate of 20% (2021: 15%) 
352,260 
604,007 
 
During the year, income taxes amounting to QR. 306,389 thousand (2021: QR. 672,248 thousand) 
were paid. 
 
F-251

--- Page 494 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
67 
19. 
INCOME TAX (CONTINUED) 
 
Consolidated statement of 
financial position 
Consolidated statement of 
profit  
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Accelerated depreciation for 
tax purposes 
  
(38,326) 
131,469 
  
(77,486)
46,636 
Losses available to offset 
against future taxable 
income 
  
 
3,076  
65,123 
  
 
1,081  
(148,701) 
Allowances, accruals and 
other temporary differences 
  
317,134 
239,559 
  
17,613  
(25,438) 
Deferred tax origination on 
purchase price allocation 
  
-  
(262,786)
  
-  
23,433 
Lease liabilities 
  23,984  
95,742 
  (116)
50,638 
Assets held for sale 
 -  
96,444 
 -  
- 
Deferred tax expense 
- 
- 
(58,908)
(53,432) 
Deferred tax 
asset/deferred tax 
income – net  
305,868 
365,551 
- 
- 
 
Reconciliation of deferred tax assets: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At 1 January 
365,551 
 643,104  
Deferred tax income during the year 
(48,494) 
 (84,419) 
Deferred tax on other comprehensive income 
- 
 (297) 
Related to assets held for sale 
- 
 (171,518) 
Exchange adjustment 
(775) 
 (21,319) 
At 31 December 
316,282 
365,551 
 
Reconciliation of deferred tax liability:  
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At 1 January 
- 
 301,438  
Deferred tax income during the year 
10,414 
 (30,987) 
Deferred tax on other comprehensive income 
- 
 3,707  
Related to assets held for sale 
- 
 (267,962) 
Exchange adjustment 
- 
 (6,196) 
At 31 December 
10,414 
- 
 
20. 
CONTRACT COSTS 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Current 
213,224 
 181,287  
Non-Current 
156,521 
 111,897  
369,745 
 293,184  
 
 
F-252

--- Page 495 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
68 
21. 
INVENTORIES 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Subscribers’ equipment 
 137,614  
 165,485  
Other equipment 
308,039 
 237,014  
Cables and transmission equipment 
 87,368  
           81,580  
 
 
533,021 
 484,079  
Less: Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories  
(128,257) 
 (119,085) 
404,764 
 364,994  
 
Inventories consumed are recognised as expense and included under operating expenses. These 
amounted to QR. 2,238,436 thousand (2021: QR. 1,823,791 thousand). 
 
Movement in the provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories is as follows: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
 119,085 
 140,515 
Provided during the year  
12,108 
 1,450  
Amounts written off 
(1,741) 
 (13,098) 
Related to assets held for sale 
- 
 (3,899) 
Exchange adjustment 
(1,195) 
 (5,883) 
At 31 December 
128,257 
 119,085 
 
22. 
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Trade receivables – net of impairment allowances 
 2,799,244  
2,469,067 
Other receivables – net of impairment allowances and 
prepayments 
 1,507,252  
1,534,498 
Unbilled subscriber revenue – net of impairment allowances 
 798,023  
675,186 
Contract assets – net of impairment allowances 
 159,285  
122,660 
Net amounts due from international carriers – net of impairment 
allowances 
  
506,839  
 
449,899 
Positive fair value of derivative contracts 
2,308 
- 
 
5,772,951 
5,251,310 
 
* 
Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain reclassifications. 
 
At 31 December 2022, trade receivables amounting to QR. 1,557,232 thousand (2021: QR. 1,378,365 
thousand) were impaired and fully provided for. 
 
The following table details the risk profile of trade receivables based on the Group’s provision matrix. 
As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not show significantly different loss patterns for 
different customer segments, the provision for loss allowance based on past due status is not further 
distinguished between the Group’s remaining different customer base. 
 
F-253

--- Page 496 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
69 
22. 
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED) 
 
Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 2022 
< 30 
days 
30 – 60 
days 
60-90 
days 
90-365 
days 
> 365 days 
Total 
QR.’000 QR.’000 QR.’000 QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit loss rate 
5% 
5% 
9% 
27% 
65% 
36% 
Gross carrying amount 
at default 
  
790,890  
  
437,888  
  
263,844  
  
1,014,383  
  
1,849,471  
  
4,356,476  
Lifetime ECL 
 (43,094)  (20,122) (23,086)
 (276,531) (1,194,399)  (1,557,232) 
Carrying amount 
 747,796   417,766   240,758  
 737,852  
 655,072   2,799,244  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade receivables – days past due 
31 December 2021 
< 30 days 
30 – 60 
days 
60-90 
days 
90-365 
days 
> 365 days 
Total 
QR.’000 QR.’000 QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit loss rate 
3% 
8% 
14% 
30% 
65% 
36% 
Gross carrying amount 
at default 
 955,011 
 333,827    183,126  
 698,139  
 1,677,329  
 3,847,432  
Lifetime ECL 
 (33,297) 
 (25,617)  (25,554)
 (208,781) 
 (1,085,116) 
 (1,378,365) 
Carrying amount 
921,714 
308,210 
157,572 
489,358 
592,213 
2,469,067 
 
Details about the Group’s impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in 
note 39. 
 
23. 
BANK BALANCES AND CASH  
 
Cash and cash equivalents included in the consolidated statement of cash flows comprise the following 
items: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Bank balances and cash – net of impairment allowance (i, ii) 
13,536,468 
 11,670,454  
Less: 
 
 
Deposits with maturity of more than three months (iii) 
(370,710) 
(313,000) 
Restricted deposits (iv) 
(742,396) 
(681,231) 
Cash and cash equivalents as per consolidated statement of cash 
flows at 31 December (v) 
12,423,362 
10,676,223 
Add: cash and cash equivalents from assets held for sale 
- 
 968,087 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 
12,423,362 
 11,644,310 
 
(i) 
Bank balances and cash include deposits maturing after three months amounting to QR. 
2,017,311 thousand (2021: QR. 3,120,000 thousand). The Group is of the opinion that these 
deposits are readily convertible to cash and are held to meet short-term commitments. 
 
(ii) 
Deposits are made for varying periods depending on the immediate cash requirements of the 
Group and earn interest on the respective deposit rates ranging from 0.3% to 10.7% (2021: 
0.19% to 7.29%)  
 
(iii) 
Deposits with maturity of more than three months were reclassified from bank balances and 
cash. 
 
(iv) 
The restricted deposits primarily pertain to dividend payments, issuance of bank guarantees, 
related to a regulatory disputes and various other purposes (which are not considered 
individually significant). These restricted deposits are subject to regulatory and/or other 
restrictions and are therefore not available for general use by the Group. 
 
(v) 
Certain cash and cash equivalents are used as collateral to secure the Group’s obligations.
F-254

--- Page 497 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
70 
23. 
BANK BALANCES AND CASH (CONTINUED) 
 
Balances with banks are assessed to have low credit risk of default since these banks are highly regulated 
by the central banks of the respective countries.  
 
The Group estimates the loss allowance on balances with banks at the end of the reporting period at an 
amount equal to 12-month ECL. None of the balances with banks at the end of the reporting period are 
past due and taking into account the historical default experience and the current credit ratings of the 
banks, the Group has recorded an impairment loss of QR. 776 thousand during the year ended 31 
December 2022 (2021: QR. 32,170 thousand). Details about the Group’s impairment policies and the 
calculation of the loss allowance are provided in note 39. 
 
Non-cash transactions 
 
The principal non-cash transactions during the year ended 31 December 2022 comprise mainly of (i) 
acquisition of property, plant, and equipment of QR. 965,020 thousand and (ii) proceeds from the 
disposal of financial assets satisfied by the receipt of shares of QR. 84,870 thousand. 
 
24. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
 
2022 
2021 
No of shares 
('000) 
QR.’000 
No of shares 
('000) 
QR.’000 
Authorised 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares of QR 1* each 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
 
 
 
 
Issued and fully paid up 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares of QR 1* each 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December  
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
3,203,200 
 
25. 
RESERVES  
 
a) 
Legal reserve 
 
In accordance with Qatar Commercial Companies Law No. 11 of 2015, as amended by Law number 8 of 
2021, and the Company’s Articles of Association, 10% of the profit of the Company for the year should 
be transferred to the legal reserve until such reserves reach 50% of the issued share capital. During 
2008, an amount of QR. 5,494,137 thousand, being the net share premium amount arising out of the 
rights issue, was transferred to legal reserve. During 2012, an amount of QR. 5,940,145 thousand, being 
the net share premium amount arising out of the rights issue, was transferred to legal reserve. 
 
The reserve is not available for distribution except in the circumstances stipulated in the Qatar 
Commercial Companies Law and the Company’s Articles of Association. 
 
b) 
Fair value and other reserves 
 
The fair value and other reserves comprise the cumulative net change in the fair value of financial 
assets– equity instruments at FVTOCI and effective portion of qualifying cash flow hedges. 
 
The following tables shows the breakdown of the balance sheet line item ‘Fair value and other reserves’ 
and the movements in these reserves during the year. A description of the nature and purpose of each 
reserve is provided below the tables. 
 
Fair value 
reserve of 
investments 
classified as 
FVOCI 
Cash flow 
hedge 
reserve 
Total 
Fair value 
reserve of 
investments 
classified as 
FVOCI 
Cash flow 
hedge reserve 
Total 
2022 
2022 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 
430,111 
(36,658) 
393,453 
451,101 
(40,176) 
410,925 
Other comprehensive 
income 
33,021 
25,130 
58,151 
(20,990) 
3,518 
(17,472) 
Realised gain on equity 
investment recycled to 
retained earnings 
(78,717)
- 
(78,717)
-
-
- 
At 31 December 
384,415 
(11,528) 
372,887 
430,111 
(36,658) 
393,453 
F-255

--- Page 498 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
71 
25. 
RESERVES (CONTINUED) 
 
c) 
Employees’ benefits reserve 
 
Employment benefits reserve is created on account of adoption of revised IAS – 19 Employee benefits. 
Employee benefits reserve comprises actuarial gains (losses) pertaining to defined benefit plans. 
 
d) 
Translation reserve 
 
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the 
financial statements of foreign operations. 
 
Effective 1 September 2021, the Group regards its loans and accrued interest receivable from one of its 
subsidiaries as an extension of its net investment. Consequently, exchange differences arising on the re-
translation of these balances are recognised in other comprehensive income in the consolidated 
financial information as of that date.  
 
e) 
Other statutory reserves 
 
In accordance with the statutory regulations of the various subsidiaries, a share of their respective 
annual profits should be transferred to a non-distributable statutory reserve. 
 
26. 
COMPONENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
2022 
2021
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or 
loss 
 
 
Gains/(Losses) arising during the year 
32,689  
(21,309) 
 
 
Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 
Gain during the year 
5,205 
6,303 
 
 
Employment benefit Reserve 
 
 
Net movement in employees’ benefits reserve 
124 
 19,214  
Deferred tax effect 
- 
 (4,004) 
124 
15,210 
 
Associates 
 
 
Share of net gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges 
19,925 
(2,785) 
 
 
Translation Reserves 
 
 
Exchange differences arising on conversion of foreign operations 
(963,013) 
(851,985)
Recycled to the consolidated statement of profit or loss on 
deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
2,555,069 
- 
1,592,056 
(851,985)
 
1,649,999 
(854,566)
 
F-256

--- Page 499 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
72 
27. 
IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON GOODWILL AND OTHER NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS  
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Impairment loss on Asia Mobile Holdings Pte Ltd (i) 
196,164 
- 
Impairment loss on Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. (ii) 
- 
2,252,124 
(Reversal) / Impairment on other  
(2,856) 
148,340 
Total 
193,308 
2,400,464 
 
i) As at 31 December 2022, the Group assessed its investment in associate (Asia Mobile Holdings Pte 
Ltd (“AMH”)) by comparing the recoverable amount (based on value in use calculations computed using 
cash flow projections) to the carrying value of the cash generating unit. The computations indicated that 
the recoverable amount of the investment is less than its carrying value and as a result an impairment 
charge of QR. 196 million has been reflected in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
 
ii) As at 30 June 2021, and as a result of the ongoing political situation, the Group assessed its 
investment in Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. by comparing the recoverable amount (based on value in use 
calculations computed using cash flow projections) to the carrying value of the cash generating unit. 
The computations indicated that the recoverable amount of the investment is less than its carrying value 
and as a result an impairment charge of QR. 2,252.1 million has been reflected in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss.  The impairment loss is split as follows:  
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
- 
585,199 
Intangible assets  
- 
1,085,698 
Right-of-use assets  
- 
581,227 
Total 
- 
2,252,124 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group assessed the actual performance of Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. and 
noted that performance has improved during the year, largely driven by the recovery of demand for 
mobile prepaid and the increase in the price tariffs imposed by the Government due to commercial tax 
increase from 5% to 15% effective from 8 January 2022. Based on the above, management has 
concluded that there are no further impairment indicators which would trigger an update to the 
impairment model.  
 
Refer to note 48 for further details on the potential sale of Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. 
 
28. 
DEFERRED INCOME 
 
Deferred income pertains to unearned revenue from services that will be provided in future periods. It 
primarily includes revenue from the unused and unutilised portion of prepaid cards sold. The sale of 
prepaid cards is deferred until such time as the customer uses the airtime, or the credit expires. 
 
 
 
F-257

--- Page 500 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
73 
29. 
LOANS AND BORROWINGS 
 
Presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Secured loan 
 40,711  
 29,725 
Unsecured loan 
 1,969,573  
 3,582,559 
Bonds 
 11,834,880  
 15,476,381 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
 (115,781)
(145,178) 
Total non-current liabilities 
13,729,383 
18,943,487  
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Secured loan 
 31,709  
 48,844 
Unsecured loan 
 355,086  
 626,336 
Bonds 
3,641,501 
- 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
(23,074) 
(32,572) 
Interest payable 
212,233 
 182,360 
Total current liabilities  
4,217,455 
 824,968  
Total loans and borrowings 
17,946,838 
 19,768,455 
 
The deferred financing costs consist of arrangement and other related fees. Movement in deferred 
financing costs was as follows: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At 1 January  
 177,750  
 147,322  
Additions during the year 
- 
 78,396  
Amortised during the year (Note 8) 
(39,579)
 (44,274) 
Related to liability held for sale 
- 
 (4,163) 
Exchange adjustment 
684 
 469  
At 31 December  
138,855 
 177,750  
 
Type 
Currency 
Nominal Interest / 
Profit rate 
Year of maturity 
2022 
2021 
 
 
 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bonds 
USD 
2.63% to 5.00% 
Feb'23 to Jan' 43 
15,476,381
 15,476,381 
Secured Loans 
USD 
LIBOR + 4.75% to 5.50% 
& fixed rate of 8.0% to 
8.50% 
Jun'23 to Apr'27 
72,420
 78,569 
Unsecured Loans 
TND 
TMM Rate + 1.25% to 
1.50% 
Dec'22 to Jun'24 
39,531
 105,155 
Unsecured Loans 
DZD 
5.00% to 5.15% 
Oct'22 to Dec'22 
-
 53,781 
Unsecured Loans 
USD 
LIBOR + .8% to 4.75% 
Immediate to 
Sep'29 
2,285,128
4,049,959 
 
 
 
 
17,873,460
19,763,845 
 
 
 
 
 
Less: Deferred financing costs 
 
 
(138,855)
 (177,750) 
Interest payable 
 
 
 
212,233
182,360 
Total 
 
 
 
17,946,838
19,768,455 
 
(i) 
Loans and borrowings are availed for general corporate and operational purposes, financing 
working capital requirements and repayment or refinancing of existing borrowing facilities. 
(ii) 
Bonds are listed on London and Irish Stock Exchanges. Certain bonds are unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
 
 
F-258

--- Page 501 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
74 
29. 
LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED) 
 
Refer to note 40 for the fair value of the Group’s loans and borrowings, 
 
The fair value of the Group’s loans and borrowings, which include loans and borrowings carried at fixed 
rates and floating rates, amounted to QR. 17,194,009 thousand as at 31 December 2022 (2021: QR. 
20,900,496 thousand). 
 
At 31 December 2022, a USD 1 billion bond maturing in February 2023 is now classified under the 
current portion (31 December 2021: non-current portion). 
 
Loan covenants: 
 
Under the terms of the major borrowing facilities, the Group is required to comply with the following 
financial covenant: 
 
• 
the net debt not to exceed 4.5 times the EBITDA. 
 
The Group has complied with these covenants throughout the reporting period. 
 
Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Phase 2 
 
In August 2020, the IASB made amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 to address 
the issues that arise during the reform of an interest rate benchmark rate, including the replacement of 
one benchmark with an alternative one.  
 
The Phase 2 amendments provide the following reliefs: 
 
•When changing the basis for determining contractual cash flows for financial assets and liabilities 
(including lease liabilities), the reliefs have the effect that the changes, that are necessary as a direct 
consequence of IBOR reform and which are considered economically equivalent, will not result in an 
immediate gain or loss in the income statement. 
 
• The hedge accounting reliefs will allow most IAS 39 or IFRS 9 hedge relationships that are directly 
affected by IBOR reform to continue. However, additional ineffectiveness might need to be recorded. 
 
The Group has performed exercise to quantify the impact of the amendments as below:  
 
Loans and borrowings:  
 
The following table contains details of all of the financial instruments that the Group holds at 31 
December 2022 which reference USD LIBOR and have not yet transitioned to SOFR or an alternative 
interest rate benchmark. The Group is in the process of transitioning to an alternative benchmark as at 
31 December 2022.  
 
Non-derivative assets and liabilities exposed to 
USD LIBOR measured at amortised cost 
Carrying Value at 31 December 2022 
QAR.’000 
Loans and Borrowings 
1,937,355 
 
The Group have neither material exposure to IBOR reform from other financial instruments and 
derivatives nor have material exposure from hedge. 
 
F-259

--- Page 502 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
75 
30. 
EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS  
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Employees’ end of service benefits 
498,464 
 503,896 
Long term incentive points-based payments * 
212,405 
 159,009 
Total employee benefits 
710,869 
 662,905 
Current portion of long-term incentive points-based payments 
(Note 32) 
 
(86,125)
 
(90,812) 
Total 
624,744 
 572,093 
 
Movement in the provision for employees’ benefits are as follows: 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
 662,905  
860,785 
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
- 
 (7,846) 
Provided during the year  
204,095 
 118,655  
Paid during the year  
(153,376) 
 (183,173) 
Other comprehensive income 
- 
 (19,214) 
Relating to liability held for sale 
- 
 (118,695) 
Exchange adjustment 
(2,755) 
 12,393  
At 31 December 
710,869 
 662,905  
 
* 
The carrying amount of the liability arising from long-term incentive points-based payments is 
determined by the achievement of certain performance targets and share price of the Company. 
As at the reporting date, the carrying amount of liability arising from long term incentive 
points-based payments approximates its fair value. 
 
31. 
OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
License cost payables (i) 
 560,791  
 693,301  
Others (ii) 
107,810 
 53,002  
668,601  
746,303 
 
(i) 
License cost payables represent amounts payable to telecom regulators in Iraq, Myanmar and 
NMTC Group. 
(ii) 
Others mainly include long-term procurement payables. 
 
32. 
TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES  
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Trade payables 
1,291,486 
 1,328,942  
Accrued expenses (i) 
4,955,837 
4,590,981 
Payables to Communication regulatory authority 
765,180 
947,194 
Amounts due to international carriers - net (ii) 
499,927 
 482,285  
License cost payable 
157,646 
153,696 
Negative fair value of derivatives  
50,750 
 110,531  
Long term incentive points-based payments (Note 30) 
86,125 
 90,812  
Other payables  
573,159 
619,014 
8,380,110 
8,323,455 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain reclassifications.
F-260

--- Page 503 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
76 
32. 
TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONTINUED) 
 
(i) 
This mainly consists of accrual for operating and capital expenditure, in addition to provisions 
for legal and tax expense (note 38). 
(ii) 
Amounts due to international carriers are offset against amounts due from international 
carriers and the net amount presented only where the Group currently has a legally enforceable 
right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. 
 
33. 
LEASE LIABILITIES 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
At January 1 
4,187,176  
7,360,403 
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
- 
 (118,487) 
Additions during the year 
439,111  
2,598,496 
Interest expense on lease liability 
263,304  
 638,639  
Principal element of lease payments 
(762,225)
 (1,084,254) 
Payment of interest portion of lease liability 
(149,717)
 (555,687) 
Reduction on early termination 
(32,179)
 (134,222) 
Relating to liability held for sale 
 -  
 (4,336,974) 
Exchange adjustments 
(140,757)
(180,738) 
At 31 December 
3,804,713 
 4,187,176  
 
 
Non-current portion 
 3,142,463  
 3,557,607  
Current portion 
 662,250  
 629,569  
3,804,713 
 4,187,176  
 
The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are 
monitored by the Group’s treasury function. 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Maturity analysis 
 
  
Not later than 1 year 
 932,672  
 889,725  
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years 
 2,963,484  
3,058,689  
Later than 5 years 
 1,323,490  
       1,604,390  
Less: unearned finance cost 
 (1,414,933)
 (1,365,628) 
 3,804,713  
 4,187,176  
 
34. 
CONTRACT LIABILITIES 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Current 
64,072 
 46,748  
Non-current 
10,466 
               9,972  
74,538 
 56,720  
 
(i) 
A contract liability mainly arises in respect of the Group’s customer loyalty points scheme 
(“loyalty points”). As these loyalty points provide a benefit to customers that they would not 
receive without entering into a purchase contract, the promise to provide loyalty points to the 
customer is a separate performance obligation. The revenue related to unsatisfied or partially 
satisfied performance obligations is expected to be realised within two years of the reporting 
date. 
 
F-261

--- Page 504 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
77 
35. 
DIVIDEND  
 
Dividend paid and proposed 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Declared, accrued and paid during the year 
 
 
Final dividend for 2021, QR. 0.30 (2020: QR. 0.25 per share) 
960,960 
800,800 
 
 
Proposed for approval at Annual General Meeting (Not recognised 
as a liability as at 31 December) 
 
 
Final dividend for 2022, QR. 0.43 per share (2021: QR. 0.30 per
share) 
1,377,376 
960,960 
 
The proposed final dividend will be submitted for formal approval at the Annual General Meeting. 
 
36. 
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
The Group uses cross currency swap contracts, currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps to 
manage some of the currency transaction exposure and interest rate exposure.  These contracts are not 
designated as cash flow, fair value or net investment hedges and are accounted for as derivative financial 
instruments: 
 
Notional amounts 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Currency forward contracts 
 16,148  
55,032 
Fair value derivatives  
 305,005  
305,231 
 321,153  
360,263 
 
Fair values 
2022 
2021 
Derivative 
Assets 
Derivative 
Liabilities 
Derivative 
Assets 
Derivative 
Liabilities 
QR.’000 
QR.’000
QR.’000
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Currency forward contracts 
608 
- 
- 
991 
Fair value derivatives  
- 
50,750 
- 
106,037 
608 
50,750 
- 
107,028 
 
At 31 December 2022, the Group has interest rate swaps entered into with a view to limit its floating 
interest rate term loans and currency forward contract that effectively limits change in exchange rate 
for a future transaction. 
 
The table below shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments held as cash flow hedges 
together with the notional amounts:  
 
 
Derivative 
Liabilities 
Derivative 
Assets 
Notional 
Amounts 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps 
-  
1,700 
109,245 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps 
3,503  
- 
218,490 
F-262

--- Page 505 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
78 
37. 
OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS  
 
At the date of statement of financial position, the Company has outstanding commitments under non-
cancellable operating leases, which fall due as follows: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Future minimum lease payments in respect of short term and low 
value leases as at 31 December 
26,509 
24,764 
 
Upon adoption of IFRS 16, certain operating lease commitments were identified and considered. The 
leases are related to short term and low value leases.  
 
38. 
COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND LITIGATIONS 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Capital expenditure commitments 
 
- 
Estimated capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the 
financial reporting year but not yet incurred 
 
1,455,255 
  
 2,223,090  
Letters of credit 
217,071 
 221,927  
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Contingent liabilities 
 
- 
Letters of guarantees 
750,240 
 937,401  
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts 
22,878 
 15,822  
 
Litigation and claims 
 
The Group is from time to time a party to various legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course 
of its business. The Group does not believe that the resolution of these legal actions and claims will, 
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of 
operations, except as noted below. 
 
Tax demand notices against Ooredoo Tunisia 
 
As at the reporting date, one of the Group’s subsidiaries, Ooredoo Tunisia was subject to potential 
corporate income tax exposure for the years from 2018 to 2022 for an amount of QR. 111 million; 
potential registration duty exposure due to a new tax legislation that was implemented in 2013 for an 
amount of QR. 71 million. The subsidiary has applied its judgement and recognised provisions 
amounting to QR. 105 million in respect of these matters and has included contingent liabilities where 
economic outflows are considered possible but not probable. 
 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to regulatory fee 
 
On 10 June 2014, the Communications and Media Commission (“CMC”) issued a letter notifying 
Asiacell that the structure of the Company in relation to ownership of the shares in its capital does not 
fulfill the License requirements as an Iraqi Company to pay 15% of its gross revenue as a regulatory fee, 
as per license agreement and the CMC has instead demanded 18%. During 2022, whilst still disputing 
the matter, Asiacell, at the request of the CMC, started depositing the disputed amount of regulatory 
fees on a monthly basis covering the period until November 2022 amounting to QR. 1,210 million (USD 
332 million). The amount disputed related to the December 2022 was paid in January 2023 amounting 
to QR. 9 million (USD 2.4 million).  
 
In October 2022, Asiacell received a letter from CMC requesting a late payment penalty of 4% relating 
to the 3% incremental regulatory fees that Asiacell paid for the periods 2011 to 2021. The claimed 
amount of the penalty is QR. 212 million (USD 58.5 million). Despite paying the 3% incremental 
regulatory fees, Asiacell management continues to claim that the fee is not legitimate based on the 
favorable court rulings and that the paid amount is only deposited with the CMC to secure the license 
renewal. Asiacell initiated a case against the CMC claiming that the CMC demand is illegal as the 
additional 3 % license fee is unenforceable in view of the Court of Cassation decision. The Civil Court 
issued a stay order against the recovery of the late payment penalty amount. Based on this, Asiacell is 
confident of a successful outcome in their case and has therefore not recorded any provision for this 
matter.
F-263

--- Page 506 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
79 
38. 
COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND LITIGATIONS (CONTINUED) 
 
Proceedings against Asiacell relating to Universal Services Fee (“USF”) 
 
On 7 December 2017, the CMC issued letters notifying Asiacell and other operators in Iraq asking them 
to hold 1.5% of their 2017 Revenues (excluding local interconnection costs) as a USF (“USF”). Asiacell 
complied with the CMC request and settled the fees for the years 2017 to 2019 amounting to QAR 197.3 
million (USD 49.1 million). In 2018, Asiacell received a second letter asking them to provision the 1.5% 
USF from the end of the second anniversary of the license term (2009). Management estimates the 
additional exposure in relation to this demand is approximately QR. 691 million (USD 190 million) for 
outstanding amounts for 2009 - 2016. Asiacell rejected the retroactive implementation of the USF on 
the grounds that it is illegal. Another operator in Iraq initiated a dispute against the CMC decision at 
the CMC Hearing Panel. In February 2021, the operator won the dispute with CMC in which the Appeal 
Panel stated that the CMC had no right to impose retroactive application of the new USF fees. Due to 
this, Asiacell in March 2021 initiated its own dispute proceeding at the CMC Hearing Panel. The Appeal 
Board issued a decision on 7 July 2022 whereby it returned ACL's appeal on technical grounds of format. 
Asiacell have now written a letter to CMC alleging that CMC cannot impose fees on one party and 
exclude other operators under the same terms of the license. Based on this, Asiacell is confident of a 
successful outcome in their case considering the precedent already set and has therefore not recorded 
any provision for this matter. 
 
Proceeding against Ooredoo Palestine 
 
On 23 October 2017, The Regulator issued a letter notifying Ooredoo Palestine to pay the second 
payment of the license acquisition fee of QAR 291 million (USD 80 million) due to the fact that Ooredoo 
Palestine reached 700 thousand subscribers. The license sets up a third license payment of QAR 488 
million (USD 134 million) when Ooredoo Palestine reaches 1 million subscribers.  
 
In September 2019, the Minister of Finance and Minister of Telecom and IT (MTIT) issued a letter 
notifying Ooredoo Palestine to pay QR. 781 million (USD 214 million) which is the remaining unpaid 
second and third payment of the license fee. These second and third payments are subject to the 
assignment of the 2G and 3G spectrum and the actual launch of these services in the West Bank and 
Gaza. 
 
Management have applied their judgement and recorded an amount of QR. 163 million (USD 44.8 
million) for these claims. Management, supported by their external legal advisors, is of the view that 
Ooredoo Palestine has strong grounds to defend these claims. 
 
Algeria Central Bank against Ooredoo Algeria 
 
In late 2016, Algeria Central Bank (“ACB”) conducted a review of Ooredoo Algeria money transfers 
outside Algeria and currency exchange. The review claims that Ooredoo Algeria has committed money 
transfer and foreign exchange regulations violations during 2013-2014. Accordingly, in December 2018, 
Algeria’s public prosecution along with the Algerian Ministry of Finance initiated a criminal 
investigation against Ooredoo Algeria. The investigation includes 15 misdemeanour cases against 
Ooredoo Algeria in relation to money transfer from the Company’s export bank account and roaming 
repatriation of funds without complying with the central bank’s processes. The criminal court sentenced 
the company to pay a total of QR. 299 million (USD 82 million) in fines and compensation. 
 
The company has provided QR. 25 million (USD 7.8 million) provision related to the export bank 
account violations (14 cases). The company appealed the decision to the Court of Cassation. 
 
The net exposure amounting to QR. 276 million (USD 76 million) is related to the roaming repatriation 
case. During 2020, the company appealed the case to the Supreme court. The company, supported by 
external legal opinion, believes that it will more likely than not win the case in the Court of Cassation. 
As a result, the company did not provide for this exposure. 
 
 
Other matters 
 
In addition to the above matters, as at 31 December 2022, there were a number of legal, regulatory and 
tax disputes ongoing in various of the Group’s operating entities, the outcome of which may not be 
favourable to the Group, and none of which are considered individually material. The Group has applied 
its judgement and has recognised liabilities based on whether additional amounts will be payable and 
has included contingent liabilities where economic outflows are considered possible but not probable. 
 
F-264

--- Page 507 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
80 
 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  
 
Objectives and policies 
The Group’s principal financial liabilities, other than derivatives, comprise loans and borrowings, 
finance leases, and trade payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to raise finance for 
the Group’s operations. The Group has various financial assets such as trade receivables, investments 
and cash and short-term deposits, which arise directly from its operations. 
 
The Group also enters into derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps 
and forward currency contracts. The purpose is to manage the interest rate and currency risks arising 
from the Group’s operations and its sources of finance. 
 
The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk 
and operational risk. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these 
risks which are summarised below: 
 
Market risk  
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange 
rates and equity prices will affect the Group’s profit, equity or value of its holding of financial 
instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk 
exposure within acceptable parameters, while optimising return. 
 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are subject to interest rate risk comprise bank deposits, 
loans receivable, investment measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, loans 
payables and borrowings.  The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates 
primarily to the Group’s financial assets and liabilities with floating interest rates and fixed interest 
instruments maturing within three months from the end of the financial reporting year.  
 
The Group manages its interest rate risk by having a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans 
and borrowings. To manage this, the Group enters into interest rate swaps, in which the Group agrees 
to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable rate interest amounts 
calculated by reference to an agreed upon notional amount. The swaps are designated to hedge 
underlying debt obligations. At 31 December 2022, after taking into account the effect of interest rate 
swaps, approximately 89% of the Group’s borrowings are at a fixed rate of interest (2021: 83%). 
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and 
equity to reasonably possible changes in interest rates by 25 basis points, with all other variables held 
constant.  The sensitivity of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity is the effect of the 
assumed changes in interest rates for one year, based on the floating rate financial assets and financial 
liabilities held at 31 December. The effect of decreases in interest rates is expected to be equal and 
opposite to the effect of the increases shown.
F-265

--- Page 508 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
81 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
profit or loss 
Effect on 
consolidated 
statement of 
changes in 
equity 
+25bp 
+25 bp 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
At 31 December 2022 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
 (4,707) 
- 
Others 
 (138) 
- 
 
 
At 31 December 2021 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
 (7,353) 
- 
Others 
 (3,973) 
- 
 
The Group has closely monitored the market and the output from the various industry working groups 
managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates. This includes announcements made by the 
IBOR regulators.  
 
Foreign currency risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will 
fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in 
foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Group’s operating activities and the Group’s net 
investment in foreign subsidiaries. 
 
The Group had the following significant net exposure denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets 
(Liabilities) 
Assets 
(Liabilities) 
 
 
Kuwaiti Dinar (KD) 
 23,366  
22,434 
US Dollars (USD)  
(2,100,111) 
(2,866,181) 
Euro (EUR) 
52,871 
67,640 
Great British Pounds (GBP) 
 (712) 
 1,169  
Algerian Dinar (DZD) 
 9,161  
9,013 
Others 
18,169 
18,582 
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to consolidated statement of profit or loss and equity 
for a reasonably possible change in the following currencies against Qatari Riyal, with all other variables 
held constant, of the Group’s profit due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities 
and the Group’s equity on account of translation of foreign subsidiaries.  
 
The effect of decreases in foreign exchange rates is expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the 
increases shown: 
 
Effect on profit or loss 
2022 
2021 
+ 10% 
+ 10% 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Kuwaiti Dinar (KD) 
 2,337  
 2,243  
US Dollar (USD) 
(210,011)
(286,618) 
Euro (EUR) 
5,287 
 6,764  
Great British Pounds (GBP) 
 (71)
 117  
Algerian Dinar (DZD) 
 916  
 901  
F-266

--- Page 509 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
82 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Equity price risk 
The Group is not significantly exposed to equity price risk as the balance of the investments held by the 
Group and classified either as investment in equity instruments designated at FVTOCI or Financial 
assets measured at FVTPL is not material.  
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and 
cause the other party to incur a financial loss.   
 
The Group provides telecommunication services to various customers. It is the Group’s policy that all 
customers who obtain the goods and / or services on credit terms are subject to credit verification 
procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the purchase of 
service limits are established for each customer, which are reviewed regularly based on the level of past 
transactions and settlement. 
 
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a 
lifetime expected loss allowance for trade receivables, unbilled subscriber revenue and contract assets. 
The expected credit losses on trade receivables are estimated using a provision matrix by reference to 
past default experience of the debtor and an analysis of the debtor’s current financial position, adjusted 
for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions of the industry in which the 
debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at 
the reporting date. 
 
To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables, unbilled subscriber revenue and contract 
assets have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The contract 
assets relate to unbilled services and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade 
receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected loss 
rates for the current trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the unbilled 
subscriber revenue and contract assets. 
 
For the unbilled subscriber revenue and contract assets, the provision for loss allowance amounted to 
QR. 55,406 thousand (2021: QR. 53,381 thousand). 
 
Refer to note 22 for the aging and loss rates of trade receivables. 
 
Unimpaired receivables are expected on the basis of past experience to be fully recoverable. It is not the 
practice of the Group to obtain collateral over receivables and the vast majorities are therefore, 
unsecured.  
 
The average credit period on sales of goods and rendering of services varies from 30 to 90 days 
depending on the type of customer and local market conditions. No interest is charged on outstanding 
trade receivables.  
 
Management has assessed that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions in relation to the 
provision for loss allowance would not result in a material impact. 
 
The Group applies the general model approach to measure expected credit losses for other receivables, 
cash and bank balances (excluding cash on hand) and due from related parties. 
 
Credit risk measurement  
The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess 
whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the company compares the risk of a default occurring 
on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It 
considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the following 
indicators are incorporated: 
 
- 
internal credit rating; 
- 
external credit rating (as far as available); 
- 
actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that 
are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations; 
- 
actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower; 
- 
significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower; 
- 
significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-
party guarantees or credit enhancements; and 
- 
significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower, including changes 
in the payment status of borrowers in the group and changes in the operating results of the 
borrower. 
F-267

--- Page 510 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
83 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated as part of 
the internal rating model. Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes 
that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when 
contractual payments are more than 30 to 90 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and 
supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.  
 
Credit risk grades  
Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of 
default. These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and the type of borrower. Exposures 
are subject to on-going monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit 
risk grade.  
 
While other receivables and due from related parties are subject to the impairment requirements of 
IFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial. 
 
The exposure of credit risk from amounts due from international carriers is minimal as the amounts are 
driven by contractual arrangements with other telecom operators. 
 
With respect to credit risk arising from the cash and bank balances (excluding cash on hand), the 
Group’s exposure arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the 
carrying amount of these instruments. 
 
The Group reduces the exposure to credit risk arising from bank balances by maintaining bank accounts 
in reputed banks.   
 
The Group reduces the exposure to credit risk arising from bank balances by maintaining the bank 
accounts primarily with investment grade banks. As on 31 December 2022, 80% (2021: 57%) of bank 
balances were maintained with banks having a credit rating of AAA to A-, 6% (2021:5%) of bank 
balances were maintained with banks having a credit rating of BBB+ to BBB- and 14% (2021: 38%) of 
bank balances were maintained with banks having a credit rating of BB+ and below. 
 
The below table shows the collective assessment of movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised 
for financial instruments: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Balance as at 1 January  
 1,845,886  
 2,345,013  
Charge for the year 
192,526 
 230,383  
Amounts written off 
 (89,623)
 (98,226) 
Amounts recovered 
 (58,130)
 (6,252) 
Related to assets held for sale 
- 
 (625,692) 
Foreign exchange gains and losses 
(27,312)
 660  
Balance as at 31 December  
1,863,347 
 1,845,886  
 
Credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments is at any time, limited to those with derivative 
assets, as recorded on the consolidated statement of financial position.  With gross settled derivatives, 
the Group is also exposed to settlement risk. 
 
The carrying amount of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL and FVTOCI, as disclosed in note 17, has 
no credit risk. The Group holds no collateral over any of these balances. 
 
Credit risk management 
 
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in 
financial loss to the Group. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk 
without taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements, which will cause a 
financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties and financial 
guarantees provided by the Group arises from the carrying amount of the respective recognised 
financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position. Considering the Group’s 
large and unrelated customer base, the concentration of credit risk is limited.
F-268

--- Page 511 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
84 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet financial obligations as they fall due. 
The Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have 
sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without 
incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation. The Group’s objective is to 
maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of the Group’s own 
reserves and bank facilities. The Group’s terms of sales require amounts to be paid within 30 to 90 days 
from the invoice date. 
 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 
based on contractual undiscounted payments: 
 
Less than 
 1 year 
1 to 2 
years 
2 to 5  
years 
> 5 years 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
 4,629,603  
 1,767,780  
 6,314,541   8,922,817   21,634,741  
Trade payables 
 1,291,486  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,291,486  
License costs payable 
 184,063  
 122,887  
 165,178  
 438,756  
 910,884  
Lease liabilities 
 932,672   1,223,290  
 1,740,194   1,323,490   5,219,646  
Other financial liabilities 
 636,802  
 126,280  
 -  
 -  
 763,082  
Total 
7,674,626 
3,240,237 
8,219,913 10,685,063 29,819,839 
 
 
 
 
Less than 1 
year 
1 to 2 
years 
2 to 5 years 
> 5 years 
Total 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
At 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
 753,671  
 2,647,782  
 9,214,631  
 11,503,739  
 24,119,823  
Trade payables 
1,328,942 
- 
- 
- 
1,328,942 
License costs payable 
  153,743  
 146,499  
  84,328  
 481,021  
 865,591  
Lease liabilities 
 889,725  
 1,316,893  
 1,741,796  
1,604,390  
5,552,804  
Other financial liabilities 
 683,628  
68,197 
-  
            -  
751,825 
Total 
3,809,709 
4,179,371 
11,040,755 
13,589,150 
32,618,985 
 
Capital management 
 
The Group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern while 
maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The 
Group makes adjustments to its capital structure, in light of changes in economic and business 
conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to 
shareholders, or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during 
the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
 
Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group that amounted to QR.28,156,444 thousand at 31 
December 2022 (2021: QR. 26,408,528 thousand). 
 
The Group’s management reviews the capital structure of the Group on a semi-annual basis. As part of 
this review, the committee considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of 
capital. The gearing ratio as at 31 December 2022 is 29% (2021: 47%). 
 
Gearing ratio 
 
The gearing ratio at year end was as follows: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Debt (i) 
 21,751,551  
 23,955,631  
Cash and bank balances 
 (13,536,468)
 (11,670,454) 
Net debt 
 8,215,083  
 12,285,177  
Equity (ii) 
28,156,444 
 26,408,528  
Net debt to equity ratio 
29% 
47% 
F-269

--- Page 512 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
85 
39. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
 
Capital management (continued) 
 
(i) 
Debt is the long-term debt obtained and lease liabilities, as detailed in note 29 and 33, 
respectively. 
(ii) 
Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group that are managed as capital. 
 
40. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
 
Fair values 
 
Set out below is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Group’s financial 
instruments that are carried in the consolidated financial statements: 
 
Carrying amounts 
Fair values 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets – equity instruments 
 632,577  
 686,078  
 632,577  
 686,078  
Trade and other receivables 
 4,265,699  
 3,716,812   4,265,699  
 3,716,812  
Bank balances and cash 
 13,536,468  
 11,670,454   13,536,468  
 11,670,454  
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
 17,946,838  
 19,768,455   17,194,009   20,900,496  
Other non-current liabilities 
 560,791  
  693,301  
 560,791  
 693,301  
Derivative financial instruments 
 50,750  
 110,531  
 50,750  
 110,531  
Long term incentive points-based 
payments 
  
212,405  
 159,009  
  
212,405  
 159,009  
Trade and other payables 
 3,287,398  
3,531,131 
 3,287,398  
3,531,131 
Income tax payable 
 327,507  
 320,220  
 327,507  
 320,220  
 
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values. 
 
• 
Cash and short-term deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, and other current liabilities 
approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these 
instruments. 
• 
Long-term fixed-rate and variable-rate receivables are evaluated by the Group based on 
parameters such as interest rates, specific country risk factors, and individual creditworthiness 
of the customer and the risk characteristics of the financed project. Based on this evaluation, 
allowances are taken to account for the expected losses of these receivables. At the end of the 
reporting period, the carrying amounts of such receivables, net of allowances, approximate 
their fair values. 
• 
Fair value of quoted investments is based on price quotations at the end of the reporting period. 
The fair value of loans from banks and other financial debts, as well as other non-current 
financial liabilities is estimated by discounting future cash flows using rates applicable for 
similar risks and maturity profiles.  Fair values of unquoted financial assets are estimated using 
appropriate valuation techniques. 
 
• 
The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally 
financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings.  Derivatives valued using valuation 
techniques with market observable inputs are mainly interest rate swaps, foreign exchange 
forward, contracts for differences and currency swaps. The most frequently applied valuation 
techniques include forward pricing and swap models using present value calculations. The 
models incorporate various inputs including the credit quality of counter parties, foreign 
exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves. 
 
Fair value hierarchy 
 
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial 
instruments by valuation technique. 
 
Level 1: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that 
the Group can access at the measurement date. 
Level 2: 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets 
of liability, either directly or indirectly. 
Level 3: 
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 
F-270

--- Page 513 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
86 
40. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities 
at 31 December 2022 and 2021: 
 
31 
December 
2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair 
value: 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
 629,385  
1,375 
13,040 
614,970 
FVTPL 
 3,192  
2,121  
 1,071  
 -  
Derivative financial instruments 
 2,308  
 -  
 2,308  
 -  
634,885 
3,496 
16,419 
614,970 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities measured 
at fair value 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
50,750 
- 
50,750 
- 
Other financial liability for which 
fair value is disclosed 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
17,194,009 
- 14,796,067 
2,397,942 
17,244,759 
- 14,846,817 
2,397,942 
 
 
31 December 
2021 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at fair value: 
 
 
 
 
FVTOCI 
 682,195  
- 
- 
682,195 
FVTPL 
 3,883  
- 
 3,883  
 -  
 686,078  
- 
3,883 
682,195 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities measured  at fair 
value 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
 110,531  
- 
 110,531  
- 
Other financial liability for which fair 
value is disclosed 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
 20,900,496  
- 
16,611,437 
4,289,059 
 21,011,027  
- 
16,721,968 
4,289,059 
 
There is no transfer from Level 1, 2 and 3 during the financial period. 
 
At 31 December 2022, the Group has notes with a fair value of QR. 14,796,067 thousand (2021: 
16,611,437 thousand). The notes are listed on the Irish bond market and the fair value of these 
instruments is determined by reference to quoted prices in this market. The market for these bonds is 
not considered to be liquid and consequently the fair value measurement is categorised within level 2 
of the fair value hierarchy. In addition, the Group has bank loans with a fair value of QR. 2,397,942 
thousand (2021: 4,289,059 thousand) within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
For fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the fair values are 
determined using appropriate valuation techniques, which include the use of mathematical models, 
such as discounted cash flow models and option pricing models, comparison to similar instruments for 
which market observables prices exist and other valuation techniques. Valuation techniques 
incorporate assumptions regarding discount rates, estimates of future cash flows as other factors.  
F-271

--- Page 514 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
87 
40. 
FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs 
used in level 3 fair value measurements for the individually significant investment: 
 
Description 
Investment 
name  
Fair value at 
31 December 
2022 
Unobservable 
inputs 
Value of 
inputs 
Relationship of 
unobservable 
inputs to fair value 
 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
Investment 
in a 
telecommu
nication 
related 
company 
classified as 
FVTOCI 
Arabsat  
451,400 
EV/EBITDA 
8.1974 
times 
A change in the 
EV/EBITDA by 10% 
would increase/decrease 
the fair value by QAR 
41,319 thousand. 
 
41. 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
 
Related party transactions and balances 
 
Related parties represent associated companies including Government and semi-Government agencies, 
associates, major shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Group, and companies 
of which they are principal owners. In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into 
transactions with related parties. Pricing policies and terms of transactions are approved by the Group’s 
management. The Group enters into commercial transactions with Government related entities in the 
ordinary course of business in terms of providing telecommunication services, placement of deposits 
and obtaining credit facilities etc. 
 
a) 
Transactions with Government and related entities 
 
As stated in Note 1, Qatar Holding L.L.C. is the Parent Company of the Group, which is controlled by 
Qatar Investment Authority. The Group enters into commercial transactions with the Qatar 
Government and other Government related entities in the ordinary course of business, which includes 
providing telecommunication services, placement of deposits and obtaining credit facilities. All these 
transactions are in the ordinary course of business at normal commercial terms and conditions. 
Following are the significant balances and transactions between the Company and the Qatar 
Government and other Government related entities. 
 
(i) 
Trade receivables-net of impairment include an amount of QR. 832,447 thousand (2021: QR. 
563,081 thousand) receivable from Government and Government related entities. 
(ii) The most significant amount of revenue from a Government related entity amounted to QR. 
137,059 thousand (2021: QR. 212,717 thousand). 
(iii) Industry fee (Note 10) pertains to the industry fee payable to CRA, a Government related entity. 
 
In accordance with IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures, the Group has elected not to disclose transactions 
with the Qatar Government and other entities over which the Qatar Government exerts control, joint 
control or significant influence. The nature of transactions that the Group has with such related parties 
relates to provision of telecommunication services on normal commercial terms and conditions. 
 
b)    Transactions with Directors and other key management personnel  
 
Key management personnel comprise the Board of Directors and key members of management having 
authority and responsibility of planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group.  
 
F-272

--- Page 515 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
88 
41. 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED) 
b)    Transactions with Directors and other key management personnel (Continued)  
Director’s remuneration of QR.14,400 thousand was proposed for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: QR. 14,400 thousand). The compensation and benefits 
related to Board of Directors and key management personnel amounted to QR. 279,295 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: QR. 360,584 thousand), 
and end of service benefits QR. 11,569 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: QR. 15,709 thousand). The remuneration to the Board of Directors and 
key management personnel has been included under the caption “Employee salaries and associated costs”. 
42. 
PROVISIONS 
Movements in each class of provision during the financial year are set out below: 
 
 
                              2022 
2021 
Site restoration
Provision
Legal, regulatory, 
 and other 
provisions 
Total
Site restoration
Provision
Legal, regulatory, 
 and other 
provisions 
Total
QR.’000
QR.’000 
QR.’000
QR.’000
QR.’000 
QR.’000
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance 
 211,530  
 575,359  
 786,889  
 170,213  
 905,480  
 1,075,693  
Deconsolidation of a subsidiary 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (347,132) 
 (347,132)
Additional provision during the 
year 
  
5,699  
  
197,397 
  
203,096 
  
56,233  
  
118,960  
  
175,193  
Reversal of provisions 
(10,639)
(34,186) 
(44,825)
 (5,780)
 (52,153) 
 (57,933)
Utilisation of provision / Payment 
 (776)
(263,453) 
(264,229)
 (608)
 (26,626) 
 (27,234)
Unwinding of discount 
3,378 
 -  
3,378 
 17,848  
 -  
 17,848  
Related to assets held for sale 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (21,694)
 -  
 (21,694)
Exchange adjustment 
 (2,868)
(20,359) 
(23,227)
 (4,682)
 (23,170) 
 (27,852)
 206,324  
 454,758  
661,082 
 211,530  
 575,359  
 786,889  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current 
205,740 
- 
205,740 
211,530 
- 
211,530 
Current 
584 
454,758 
455,342 
- 
575,359 
575,359 
206,324 
454,758 
661,082 
211,530 
575,359 
786,889 
(i) legal, regulatory, and other provisions include provisions relating to certain legal, commercial, and other regulatory related matters, including provisions relating to certain 
Group subsidiaries. Refer to note 38 for details on the material claims and litigations.  
 
* Refer to note 49 for details regarding certain reclassifications. 
F-273

--- Page 516 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
89 
43. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES 
 
The preparation of thed consolidated financial statements in compliance with IFRS requires the 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, 
income and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may 
occur which will cause the assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change. The effects of any 
change in estimates are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as they become reasonably 
determinable. 
 
Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other 
factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances. 
 
Judgments 
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following 
judgments, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements: 
 
Revenue recognition 
Revenue recognition under IFRS 15 necessitates the collation and processing of very large amounts of 
data, use of management judgements and estimates to produce financial information. The most 
significant accounting judgements and source of estimation uncertainty are disclosed below. 
 
Judgments in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations 
Per note 4, the Group generally recognises revenue over time as it performs continuous transfer of 
control of these services to the customers. Because customers simultaneously receive and consume the 
benefits provided by these services and the control transfer takes place over time, revenue is also 
recognised based on the extent of service transfer/completion of transfer of each performance 
obligation. In determining the method for measuring progress for these POs, we have considered the 
nature of these services as well as the nature of its performance. 
 
For performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, the Group considers the general requirements 
of control (i.e., direct the use of asset and obtain substantially all benefits) and the following non-
exhaustive list of indicators of transfer of control: 
 
• 
Entity has present right to payment 
• 
Customer has legal title 
• 
Entity has transferred legal possession 
• 
Customer has significant risk and rewards 
• 
Customer has accepted the asset 
 
In making their judgment, the directors considered the detailed criteria for the recognition of revenue 
set out in IFRS 15 and, in particular, whether the Group had transferred control of the goods to the 
customer. Following the detailed quantification of the Group’s liability in respect of rectification work, 
and the agreed limitation on the customer’s ability to require further work or to require replacement of 
the goods, the directors are satisfied that control has been transferred and that recognition of the 
revenue in the current year is appropriate, in conjunction with the recognition of an appropriate 
warranty provision for the rectification costs. However, the determination of obligations is, for the 
primary goods and services sold by the Group, not considered to be a critical accounting judgement. 
 
Principal versus agent  
Significant judgments are made by management when concluding whether the Group is transacting as 
an agent or a principal. The assessment is performed for each separate revenue stream in the Group. 
The assessment requires an analysis of key indicators, specifically whether the Group: 
 
• 
carries any inventory risk; 
• 
has the primary responsibility for providing the goods or services to the customer; 
• 
has the latitude to establish pricing; and 
• 
bears the customer’s credit risk. 
 
Whether the Group is considered to be the principal or an agent in the transaction depends on analysis 
by management of both the legal form and substance of the agreement between the Group and its 
business partners. Scenarios requiring judgement to determine whether the Group is a principal or an 
agent include, for example, those where the Group delivers third-party branded services (such as value 
added services or TV content) to customers and mobile money service. 
F-274

--- Page 517 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
90 
43. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Determining the lease term  
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an 
economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension and 
termination options are included in several leases across various classes of right-of-use assets across 
the Group. These terms are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. In 
cases where lease contracts have indefinite term or are subject to auto renewal, lease term is determined 
considering the business case and reasonably certain renewal of lease. 
 
As a lessee, optional periods are included in the lease term if the Group is reasonably certain it will 
exercise an extension option or will not exercise a termination option; this depends on an analysis by 
management of all relevant facts and circumstances including the leased asset’s nature and purpose, 
the economic and practical potential for replacing the asset and any plans that the Group has in place 
for the future use of the asset. Where a leased asset is highly customised (either when initially provided 
or as a result of leasehold improvements) or it is impractical or uneconomic to replace then the Group 
is more likely to judge that lease extension options are reasonably certain to be exercised. The value of 
the right-of-use asset and lease liability will be greater when extension options are included in the lease 
term.  
 
The lease terms can vary significantly by type and use of asset and geography. In addition, the exact 
lease term is subject to the non-cancellable period and rights and options in each contract. Generally, 
lease terms are judged to be the longer of the minimum lease term and: 
 
- Between 5 and 10 years for land and buildings (excluding retail), with terms at the top end of this range 
if the lease relates to assets that are considered to be difficult to exit sooner for economic, practical or 
reputational reasons; 
 
- The customer service agreement length for leases of local loop connections or other assets required to 
provide fixed line services to individual customers. 
 
In most instances the Group has options to renew or extend leases for additional periods after the end 
of the lease term which are assessed using the criteria above. 
 
The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Group becomes 
obliged to exercise (or not exercise) it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a 
significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this assessment, and that 
is within the control of the lessee. 
 
Estimates 
 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other sources of estimation uncertainty at the financial 
position date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of 
assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below. 
 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
 
The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at each 
reporting date. Goodwill and other indefinite life intangibles are tested for impairment annually and at 
other times when such indicators exist.  
 
The factors that the Group considers important which could trigger an impairment review include the 
following: 
 
• 
significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the asset; 
• 
market interest rates or other market rates of return on investments have increased during the 
period, and those increases are likely to affect the discount rate used in calculating the asset’s 
value in use and decrease the asset’s recoverable amount materially; 
• 
significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; 
• 
significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for overall business; 
and 
• 
significant negative industry or economic trends. 
 
The Group determines an impairment loss whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount has been determined based on value in use calculations. 
F-275

--- Page 518 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
91 
43. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
The cash flows are derived from the budget for the next five years and do not include restructuring 
activities that the Group is not yet committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the 
asset base of the cash-generating unit being tested. The recoverable amount of investment is determined 
based on the net present value of future cash flows, management assumptions made, including 
management’s expectations of the investment’s: 
 
• 
growth in earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”), calculated as 
adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation; 
• 
timing and quantum of future capital expenditures; 
• 
long term growth rates ranges during discrete period and terminal period;  
• 
long-term cash flows and working capital estimates; and 
• 
the selection of discount rates reflects the risks involved. 
 
The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model 
as well as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes. Refer 
note 16 for the impairment assessment for investment in an associate.  
 
In the case of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, at a minimum, such assets are subject 
to an annual impairment test and more frequently whenever there is an indication that such asset may 
be impaired. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the 
goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected 
future cash flows from the cash-generating unit and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to 
calculate the present value of those cash flows (Note 13). 
 
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
 
The Group's management determines the estimated useful lives of its property, plant and equipment 
and investment properties based on the period over which the assets are expected to be available for 
use. The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and investment properties are 
reviewed at least annually and are updated if expectations differ from previous estimates due to physical 
wear and tear and technical or commercial obsolescence on the use of these assets. It is possible that 
future results of operations could be materially affected by changes in these estimates brought about by 
changes in factors mentioned above. but it is not considered to be a significant risk of material 
adjustment to the carrying values of property, plant and equipment in the year to 31 December 2022 if 
these estimates were revised. 
 
Provision and contingent liabilities 
 
The Group’s management determines provision on best estimate of the expenditure required to settle 
the present obligation as a result of the past event at the reporting date.  
 
The Group’s management measures contingent liabilities as a possible obligation depending on whether 
some uncertain future event occurs or a present obligation, but payment is not probable, or the amount 
cannot be measured reliably (Note 38). 
 
Uncertain tax exposures 
 
In certain circumstances, the Group may not be able to determine the exact amount of its current or 
future tax liabilities or recoverable amount of the claim refund due to ongoing investigations by, or 
discussions with the various taxation authorities.  In determining the amount to be recognised in respect 
of uncertain tax liability or the recoverable amount of the claim for tax refund related to uncertain tax 
positions, the Group applies similar considerations as it would use in determining the amount of a 
provision to be recognised in accordance with IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment, IAS 
37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and IAS 12 Income Taxes (Note 38). 
F-276

--- Page 519 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
92 
43. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) 
 
Fair value of unquoted equity investments 
 
Where the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the consolidated statement 
of financial position cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined using valuation 
techniques including the discounted cash flows model. The inputs to these models are taken from 
observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required in 
establishing fair values. The judgments include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit 
risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of 
financial instruments (Note 40). 
 
Calculation of loss allowance  
 
The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected 
loss rates. The group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the 
impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history and existing market conditions, as well as 
forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs 
used are disclosed in (note 39). 
 
Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date 
 
The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date as part of a business 
combination is a determined based on notional purchase price allocation (NPPA) in accordance with 
IFRS 3 ‘Business combinations’. This requires management to make significant estimates as part of 
determining the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  
 
The Group engages independent valuers in order to determine the fair value of the retained interest and 
the fair values that formed part of the notional purchase price allocation.  
 
Foreign currency spot rate determination  
 
Given the exchange controls implemented in Myanmar, management have applied their judgement in 
the determination of the ‘spot rate’. Accordingly, the official exchange rate as published by the Central 
Bank of Myanmar has been used to translate and record the US Dollar denominated balances at the end 
of the reporting period. The same rate was also used to translate the OML operations to the Group’s 
presentation currency. 
 
 
44. 
SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL 
NON – CONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 
The following table summarises the information relating to each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have 
material non-controlling interests, before any intra-group eliminations: 
 
Asiacell 
NMTC* 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
3,907,635 
9,956,582 
3,602,870 
Current assets 
1,434,250 
4,218,434 
581,092 
Non-current liabilities 
 (379,589)
(2,839,149)
(445,590) 
Current liabilities 
(1,742,292)
(4,828,839)
(1,264,814) 
Net assets 
 3,220,004  
6,507,028 
2,473,558 
Carrying amount of NCI 
1,157,297 
1,321,317 
1,114,062 
 
 
 
Revenue 
 3,673,502  
 7,374,554  
 2,443,281  
Profit  
 652,546  
591,035 
181,518 
Profit allocated to NCI 
234,531 
118,048 
82,057 
 
 
F-277

--- Page 520 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
93 
44. 
SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL 
NON – CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Asiacell 
NMTC* 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 4,318,189  
 10,450,002  
 14,611,474  
 3,820,692  
Current assets 
 1,839,459  
 3,651,767  
 2,774,005 
 541,877  
Non-current liabilities 
 (386,684) 
 (2,882,272) 
 (7,291,290) 
 (585,131) 
Current liabilities 
 (2,291,211) 
 (4,734,457) 
 (7,644,258) 
 (1,373,786) 
Net assets 
 3,479,753  
 6,485,040  
 2,449,931  
 2,403,652  
Carrying amount of NCI 
 1,250,653  
 1,369,031  
 1,144,543  
 1,081,925  
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
 3,656,773  
 7,262,510  
 7,993,812  
 2,324,699  
Profit  
 824,530  
 304,569  
 1,757,160  
 119,769  
Profit allocated to NCI 
 296,343  
 70,996  
 633,848  
 53,588  
 
* 
This includes the Group’s subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest (NCI) within 
NMTC sub-group (Wataniya Telecom Algerie S.P.A. (“Ooredoo Algeria”), Ooredoo Tunisie S.A. 
(“Ooredoo Tunisia”), Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Public Shareholding 
Company (“Ooredoo Palestine”), before any intra-group eliminations. 
 
45. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION  
 
Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments is set out below in accordance with IFRS 8 
“Operating Segments”. IFRS 8 requires reportable segments to be identified on the basis of internal 
reports that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), which is 
the “Board of Directors”, and used to allocate resources to the segments and to assess their performance.  
 
The Group is mainly engaged in a single line of business, being the supply of telecommunications 
services and related products. The majority of the Group’s revenues, profits and assets relate to its 
operations in the MENA. Outside of Qatar, the Group operates through its subsidiaries and associates 
and major operations that are reported to the Group’s CODM are considered by the Group to be 
reportable segments. Revenue is attributed to reportable segments based on the location of the Group 
companies. Inter-segment sales are charged at arms’ length prices.  
 
For management reporting purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their 
geographical area covered, and has the following reportable segments: 
 
1. 
Ooredoo Qatar is a provider of domestic and international telecommunication services within 
the State of Qatar; 
2. 
Asiacell is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Iraq; 
3. 
Ooredoo Hutchison Asia (“OHA”) (considered a major joint venture) is a provider of 
telecommunication services such as cellular services, fixed telecommunications, multimedia, 
           data communication and internet services in Indonesia; 
4. 
Ooredoo Oman is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Oman;  
5. 
Ooredoo Algeria is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Algeria; 
6. 
Ooredoo Myanmar is a provider of mobile and fixed telecommunication services in Myanmar; 
and  
7. 
Others include some of the Group’s subsidiaries which are providers of wireless and 
telecommunication services. 
 
NMTC group is a provider of mobile telecommunication services in Kuwait and elsewhere in the MENA 
region. NMTC group includes balances and results of Ooredoo Kuwait, Ooredoo Tunisia, Ooredoo 
Algeria, Wataniya Palestine, Ooredoo Maldives PLC and others. In 2020, based on the recent 
information and circumstances, management reassessed and concluded that each of the 
aforementioned entities represents a separate operating segment and should be assessed individually 
whether it meets the criteria of IFRS 8 Operating Segments, as a reportable segment. If not, such is 
reported as part of “Others”. 
 
Management monitors the operating results of its operating subsidiaries separately for the purpose of 
making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is 
evaluated based on operating profit or loss of these reportable segments. Transfer pricing between 
reportable segments are on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties. 
F-278

--- Page 521 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
                                                                                                     94 
45. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Operating segments  
 
The following tables present revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021: 
 
Year ended 31 December 2022 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
Total as 
reported 
OHA* 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of telecom services 
 7,617,296   3,635,158   2,203,035   2,302,654   1,027,834   4,328,192  
 -  
 21,114,169  3,755,464 
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
 70,611  
 24  
 3,581  
 112,228  
 304  
1,298,961 
 -  
 1,485,709 
 2,955  
Revenue from use of assets by others 
 17,791  
 38,135  
 -  
 25,963  
 7,208  
 9,209  
 -  
 98,306  
 4,214 
Inter-segment 
 254,505  
 185  
 15,070  
 2,436  
 2,082  
 397,950  
 (672,228) 
  (i)                   -  
 -  
Total revenue 
7,960,203 
3,673,502 
2,221,686 
2,443,281 
1,037,428 
6,034,312 
(672,228) 
22,698,184 3,762,633 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of revenue recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
 315,667  
 24  
 3,581  
 112,228  
 304  
1,314,737 
 (260,832) 
1,485,709  
 2,955  
Over time 
 7,644,536   3,673,478   2,218,105   2,331,053   1,037,124  
 4,719,575  
 (411,396) 
 21,212,475  3,759,678 
 7,960,203   3,673,502   2,221,686   2,443,281   1,037,428   6,034,312 
 (672,228) 
22,698,184  3,762,633 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment profit (loss) before tax** 
  2,213,172 
 773,188  
138,276 
324,870 
 (360,045)
347,144 
 (303,113) 
(ii) 3,133,492  
519,455  
Depreciation and amortisation 
  
940,001  
  
783,049  
 
626,154 
 
677,377 
  
314,260  
 
924,508 
  
299,930  
  
(iii) 4,565,279  
  
1,274,215  
Net finance costs 
 498,573  
 9,278  
25,942 
28,873 
 162,911  
39,913 
-  
765,490 
396,934 
 
* 
Ooredoo Hustchison Asia (OHA) proportionate results are included in the segment analysis. As a result of the merger between IO and PT Hutchison 3 
Indonesia, the Group deconsolidated IO and recognised its retained interest as an investment in a joint venture. The Group’s share of IOH operations 
is equal to 32.8% (note 9.2). 
 
** 
Segment profit / loss before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment including depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment of assets and finance cost. 
 
Note:  
(i) 
Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. 
 
(ii)          Segment profit before tax does not include the following: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
Amortisation of intangibles 
(303,113) 
 (417,308)
 
(iii)          amortisation relating to additional intangibles identified from business combination was not considered as part of segment expense. 
F-279

--- Page 522 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
                                                                                                  95 
45. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Indosat 
Ooredoo 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
eliminations 
Total 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from rendering of telecom services 
 7,098,671  
 3,651,117  
2,249,272 
 7,935,124  
 2,211,270  
 1,053,563  
 4,206,634  
- 
 28,405,651  
Sale of telecommunications equipment 
77,812 
5,151 
4,641 
7,590 
87,508 
2,661 
1,199,761 
- 
1,385,124 
Revenue from use of assets by others 
 17,678  
- 
- 
49,961 
23,115 
7,607 
10,606 
- 
108,967 
Inter-segment 
270,171 
505 
20,754 
1,137 
2,806 
4,131 
308,283 
(607,787) 
(i)              - 
Total revenue 
 7,464,332  
3,656,773 
2,274,667 
 7,993,812  
2,324,699 
1,067,962 
5,725,284 
(607,787) 
 29,899,742  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of revenue recognition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
330,599 
5,151 
4,641 
7,590 
87,508 
2,661 
1,243,041 
(296,067) 
1,385,124 
Over time 
 7,133,733  
3,651,622 
2,270,026 
 7,986,222  
2,237,191 
1,065,301 
4,482,243 
(311,720) 
 28,514,618  
 7,464,332  
3,656,773  
 2,274,667  
 7,993,812  
 2,324,699  
 1,067,962  
 5,725,284  
 (607,787) 
 29,899,742  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment profit (loss) before tax* 
 1,984,075  
 934,927  
68,368 
 1,853,429  
248,302 
 (3,517,793) 
 525,317  
(417,308) (ii)  1,679,317  
Depreciation and amortisation 
894,455 
818,236 
672,614 
 2,820,192  
700,606 
632,759 
1,018,542 
417,039 (iii) 7,974,443  
Net finance costs 
618,078 
15,269 
46,228 
 837,536  
38,994 
 194,734  
53,470 
- 
 1,804,309  
 
* 
Segment profit / loss before tax is determined after deducting all expenses attributable to the segment including depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment of assets and finance cost. 
 
Note: 
(i)          Inter-segment revenues are eliminated on consolidation  
 
(ii)         Segment profit before tax does not include the following: 
 
2022 
2021 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
Amortisation of intangibles 
(303,113) 
 (417,308) 
 
(iii)          amortisation relating to additional intangibles identified from business combination was not considered as part of segment expense. 
 
F-280

--- Page 523 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
 
                                                                                                    96 
 
45. 
SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
The following table presents segment assets of the Group’s operating segments as at 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
 
Ooredoo 
Qatar 
Asiacell 
Ooredoo 
Algeria 
Indosat 
Ooredoo (iii) 
Ooredoo 
Oman 
Ooredoo 
Myanmar 
Others 
Adjustments 
and 
Eliminations 
Total 
OHA* 
 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment assets (i) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2022 
19,039,739 
5,224,053 
3,678,004 
- 
4,178,020 
1,934,632 
15,836,940 
11,998,882 
61,890,270 
9,927,351 
At 31 December 2021 
 16,854,963  
6,034,345  
 3,591,916  
 16,871,064  
 4,355,850  
 2,754,591  
 10,255,353  
 16,639,446  
 77,357,528  
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital expenditure (ii) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2022 
761,425 
442,219 
473,176 
- 
463,335 
67,162 
542,415 
- 
2,749,732 
929,203 
At 31 December 2021 
 802,886  
 993,485  
 297,173  
 1,760,779  
 501,693  
 141,541  
 646,586  
- 
 5,144,143  
- 
 
*             Ooredoo Hustchison Asia (OHA) proportionate results are included in the segment analysis. As a result of the merger between IO and PT Hutchison 3 
Indonesia, the Group deconsolidated IO and recognised its retained interest as an investment in a joint venture. The Group’s share of IOH operations 
is equal to 32.8% (note 9.2). 
 
Note: 
 
(i) 
Goodwill and other intangibles arising from business combination amounting to QR. 11,998,882 thousand (31 December 2021: QR. 16,639,446 
thousand) was not considered as part of segment assets. 
(ii) 
Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment and intangibles excluding goodwill and assets arising from business 
combinations. 
(iii) 
Classified as assets held for sale as at 31 December 2021 (note 9.2).
F-281

--- Page 524 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
97 
46. 
CONTRIBUTION TO SOCIAL AND SPORTS FUND 
 
According to Qatari Law No. 13 for the year 2008 and the related clarifications issued in January 2010, 
the Group is required to contribute 2.5% of its annual net profits to the state social and sports fund. The 
clarification relating to Law No. 13 requires the payable amount to be recognised as a distribution of 
income. Hence, this is recognised in the statement of changes in equity. 
 
During the year, the Group appropriated an amount of QR. 45,385 thousand (2021: QR. 990 thousand) 
representing 2.5% of the net profit generated from Qatar Operations.  
 
47. 
RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both 
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are for which cash flows were, 
or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows 
from financing activities. 
 
1 January 
2022 
Financing 
cash flows 
(i) 
Non-cash 
changes 
(ii) 
Other 
changes  
(iii) 
31 
December 
2022 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings 
(Note 29) 
  
19,763,845  
  
(1,882,917) 
  
-  
(7,468)
  
17,873,460  
Deferred financing costs 
(Note 29) 
  
(177,750)
 
-  
  
39,579  
(684)
  
(138,855) 
Lease liabilities (Note 33) 
4,187,176 
(762,225) 
529,479 
(149,717)
3,804,713 
 
Notes: 
 
(i) 
The financing activities in the statement of cash flows mainly include the cash flows from loans 
and borrowings and other non-current liabilities.  
(ii) 
The non-cash changes pertain to the amortisation of deferred financing costs. 
(iii) 
Other changes include exchange adjustments and reclassification. 
 
48. 
SIGNIFICANT ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 
Sale of Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. 
 
On 8 September 2022, the Group announced that it has entered into an agreement to sell 100 percent 
of its equity in Ooredoo Asian Investments Pte Ltd. (Singapore) (“OAI”), the parent company that owns 
100 percent of Ooredoo Myanmar Ltd. (“OML”), and 100 percent of Ooredoo Myanmar Fintech Ltd. 
(“OMFL”) to Nine Communications Pte. Ltd. (“Buyer”) for an enterprise value of approximately USD 
576 million (QAR 2,097 million) and total equity consideration of USD 162 million (QAR 590 million). 
The transaction has been approved by the board of directors of the Group and of Nine Communications 
Pte. Ltd, and remains subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals in 
Myanmar. 
 
As completion of the proposed transaction is conditional on the satisfaction or waiver of certain legal 
and regulatory conditions, there remains a possibility that the proposed transaction may not proceed. 
Management has exercised significant judgement and has determined that not all held for sale criteria 
in accordance with IFRS 5 'Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations' are met as 
at the end of the reporting period. Consequently, the Group continues to consolidate its subsidiary in 
Myanmar and OML has not been classified as held for sale in these consolidated financial statements 
as at 31 December 2022.
F-282

--- Page 525 ---
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(All amounts are expressed in Qatari Riyals unless otherwise stated) 
 
98 
 
49. 
COMPARATIVE INFORMATION 
 
During the year, the Group performed an exercise to determine if the presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements is in accordance with IAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements”. This exercise 
resulted in reclassification of certain line items in the consolidated financial statements. The 
comparative figures have been reclassified in order to conform with the presentation for the current 
period. Such reclassifications have been made by the Group to improve the quality of information 
presented and did not have any impact on the previously reported equity and profits.  
 
Below is a summary of significant reclassifications made during the period: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
 
 
 
Previous 
 
 
Reclassification 
of current/non-
current 
 
Reclassification 
of financial 
statement line 
item 
 
 
 
 
Current 
 
 
 
 
Notes 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
QR.’000 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 
Trade and other 
payables 
8,943,056 
(44,242) 
(575,359) 
8,323,455 
Reclassification of the 
provision for site 
restoration from trade 
and other payables to 
other non-current 
liabilities.  
Other non-current 
liabilities 
913,591 
44,242 
(211,530) 
746,303 
Provisions – Current 
- 
- 
575,359 
575,359 
Reclassification of the 
provisions amount 
recorded in the trade 
and other payables 
and other non-current 
liabilities to be a 
separate line item in 
the statement of 
financial position. 
Provisions – Non-
current 
- 
- 
211,530 
211,530 
Other non-current 
assets 
184,744 
- 
49,455 
234,199 
Reclassification of the 
advances on 
purchases of PPE 
from trades and other 
receivables to other 
non-current assets. 
Trades and other 
receivables 
5,300,765 
- 
 (49,455) 
5,251,310 
Total 
15,342,156 
- 
- 15,342,156 
 
The effects of the reclassifications in the tables above have accordingly been mirrored in the 
comparative period’s consolidated statement of cash flows with no impact on net cash generated from 
operating activities, net cash used in investing activities or net cash used in financing activities. 
F-283

--- Page 526 ---
ISSUER 
GUARANTOR 
Ooredoo International Finance Limited 
Victoria Place, 5th Floor 
31 Victoria Street 
Hamilton HM 10 
Bermuda 
Ooredoo Q.P.S.C. 
100 West Bay 
P.O. Box 217 
Doha 
Qatar 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRARS 
(For Registered Notes 
(other than Restricted Notes)) 
(For Restricted Notes) 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York 
Branch 
240 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10286 
United States of America 
EXCHANGE AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch 
240 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10286 
United States of America 
PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENTS 
(For Registered Notes 
(other than Restricted Notes)) 
(For Restricted Notes) 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
New York Branch 
240 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10286 
United States of America 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To Ooredoo as to  
U.S. and English law 
To Ooredoo as to 
Qatari Law 
Baker & McKenzie LLP 
280 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4RB 
United Kingdom 
Sultan Al-Abdulla & Partners 
Level 16, The Y Tower 
Street 305, Marina District, Lusail 
Doha, Qatar

--- Page 527 ---
To the Dealers as to 
the laws of England 
To the Dealers as 
to 
the laws of the 
United States 
To the Dealers as to 
Qatari Law 
Eversheds Sutherland (International) 
LLP 
One Wood Street  
London EC2V 7WS 
United Kingdom 
Eversheds 
Sutherland (US) 
LLP  
999 Peachtree St 
NE #2300, Atlanta 
GA 30309, United 
States 
Eversheds Sutherland 
(International) LLP 
Office 1201, 12th floor 
QFC Tower 
West Bay 
Doha 
State of Qatar 
To the Issuer as to the laws of Bermuda 
Appleby (Bermuda) Limited 
Canon's Court 
22 Victoria Street 
Hamilton HM 12 
Bermuda 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers - Qatar Branch 
P.O. Box 6689 
Doha, Qatar 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
DBS Bank Ltd 
12 Marina Boulevard 
Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3, Level 42 
Singapore 018982 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc  
25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
QNB Capital LLC 
Level 3, QNB Msheireb Downtown 
P.O. Box 1000 
Doha 
State of Qatar 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
 Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland