--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
OP MORTGAGE BANK 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
(Legal Entity Identifier: 743700IJXAGL8TGFRC33) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Retained Covered Note Programme 
(under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as 
amended))
Under this €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Retained Covered Note Programme (the Programme), OP-Asuntoluottopankki Oyj (the 
English translation of which is OP Mortgage Bank) (the Issuer) may from time to time issue covered notes (the Notes) denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject 
to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank of Ireland) as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the Notes (other than the Exempt Notes) to be admitted to the official 
list (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months. The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
Exempt Notes and such information shall not form part of the Base Prospectus approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes (other than Exempt Notes) being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and have been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II). The Exempt Notes may 
be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the 
Pricing Supplement. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 1(5) (as applicable) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) 
of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes) be set out in a final terms supplement (the Final Terms) which, with respect to 
Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Notes, 
notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes, and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of Exempt Notes will be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Rated Notes issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned a rating 
of Aaa by Moody’s Investors Service Espana, S.A. (Moody’s) and a rating of AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited Sucursal en 
España (S&P) and/or a corresponding rating by another Rating Agency. For an explanation of the ratings, see “Overview of the 
Programme – Rating”. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of Moody’s and S&P are established in the European Union and 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the CRA Regulation) and are included in the list of credit agencies published by 
the European securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be

--- Page 2 ---
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference 
rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmark Regulation). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of 
the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator 
under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to 
update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Arranger and Dealer 
OP Corporate Bank plc
The date of this Base Prospectus is 11 June 2021

--- Page 3 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) (each as defined herein) for each Tranche (as defined 
herein) of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement) is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
Copies of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) will be available from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined 
below). 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. The Arranger and the Dealers do not accept any liability in relation to the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger 
and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the Republic of Italy 
and Finland), the UK, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) in 
the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes (other than Exempt Notes). Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer in the EEA (other than an offer of Exempt Notes) which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those 
Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Issuer may also issue Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Exempt Notes). The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes and such information shall not form part 
of the Base Prospectus approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/65 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or

--- Page 5 ---
4 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which, if included, will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Where the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance legend is included, any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a UK distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
Where the UK MiFIR Product Governance legend is included, a determination will be made in relation to each 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars and to euro and € 
refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE – SFA NOTIFICATION LEGEND  
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes May Not Be a Suitable Investment for All Investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under

--- Page 6 ---
5 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, a Dealer (if any) designated as the 
stabilising manager (the Stabilising Manager) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may 
over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes of the Series of which 
such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager (or any persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Credit Ratings May Not Reflect All Risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. There are no 
guarantees that such ratings will be assigned or maintained. Furthermore, the ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 (the CRA 
Regulation) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit ratings 
agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in the “Applicable Final Terms” (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the “Applicable Pricing Supplement”) below and will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 7 ---
i
CONTENTS 
Page 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW ..............................................................................................................................................1
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................................. 3
RISK FACTORS............................................................................................................................................................. 8
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................................................... 20
SUPPLEMENTS AND NEW BASE PROSPECTUSES .................................................................................................... 21
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................................... 22
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS....................................................................................................................................... 24
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ....................................................................................................................... 35
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES............................................................................................................... 46
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................................... 71
DESCRIPTION OF OP MORTGAGE BANK ................................................................................................................. 72
DESCRIPTION OF OP FINANCIAL GROUP AND THE LOAN ORIGINATORS ............................................................ 79
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSFER, INTERMEDIARY LOAN AND SERVICING DOCUMENTS ................................... 88
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING RETAINED NOTE COVER ASSET POOL .................................................. 92
DESCRIPTION OF THE FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANKS .................................................................... 94
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER LEGISLATION RELEVANT TO THE ISSUER, ITS BUSINESS AND THE NOTES .............. 100
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS ................................................................................................................................. 103
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................... 106
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................................... 108
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................ 113
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 116

--- Page 8 ---
1
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW 
Structure Overview 

Programme: Under the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue Notes to Noteholders on each 
Issue Date. The Notes will be direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and, 
pursuant to the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, 
as amended) (the MBA), rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Series of Notes issued by 
the Issuer under the Programme and with Derivatives Transactions (as defined below) and Bankruptcy 
Liquidity Loans (as defined below). 

Note Proceeds: The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer towards funding 
its lending activities in accordance with the MBA, and the Issuer’s general business principles as 
outlined in the “Description of OP Mortgage Bank” section of this Base Prospectus. 

Cash Flows: The Issuer will apply the issue proceeds of Notes issued from time to time under the 
Programme in the manner set out under “Note Proceeds” above. The Issuer will service its payment 
obligations under the Notes by applying monies received by or on behalf of the Issuer from time to 
time in respect of the Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans, Intermediary Loans, cash, Supplementary 
Collateral (each as defined in the Glossary) and other assets of the Issuer (including amounts received 
by the Issuer from time to time under any interest rate swaps entered into by the Issuer). 

Two Covered Note Programmes: In addition to the Programme, the Issuer also has a €20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme (the Public Note Programme) which has outstanding 
notes thereunder (the Public Programme Notes). In accordance with the MBA, the Issuer maintains a 
register (the Register) for all of its covered notes and the collateral which forms the cover pool assets 
for the covered notes (the Cover Asset Pool). The cover pool assets and derivative transactions 
exclusively supporting the Public Programme Notes are entered onto and separately identified in the 
Register, with such entries being known as the Public Note Cover Asset Pool. In relation to this 
Programme, the cover pool assets and Derivative Transactions exclusively supporting the Notes are 
entered onto and separately identified in the Register, such entries being known as the Retained Note 
Cover Asset Pool. Holders of Notes under this Programme will not have prioritised recourse to the 
items entered onto the Public Note Cover Asset Pool. Similarly, holders of the Public Programme Notes 
will not have prioritised recourse to the items entered onto the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. 
Further, notes issued under the Public Note Programme are expected to be rated Aaa by Moody’s and 
AAA by S&P, while the Notes issued under this Programme are expected to be rated at least Aaa by 
Moody’s and AAA by S&P. 

Statutory Security: The Notes will be covered in accordance with the MBA and will therefore benefit 
from and rank pari passu among themselves and with Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans and with any German law governed registered bonds (Namensschuldverschreibungen) (N-Bonds) 
issued with respect to statutory security over the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool (see the “Description 
of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks” section of this Base Prospectus). Under Section 25 of the 
MBA, this priority is limited to 70 per cent. in respect of Housing Loans and 60 per cent. in respect of 
Commercial Loans of the current value of the properties or the shares in the property owning 
companies which stand as collateral for such loans. To the extent that claims of Noteholders in relation 
to Notes are not met out of the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims of the Noteholders 
will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
Up to 20 per cent. of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the 
Notes conferred by the MBA may temporarily consist of Supplementary Collateral, provided that 
receivables from credit institutions shall not exceed 15 per cent. (or such larger amount as may be 
approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanssivalvonta) (the FIN-FSA) on the 
application of the Issuer for a specific reason and a specified period of time) of the total amount of 
collateral. Supplementary Collateral may include: (i) bonds and other debt obligations issued by a 
central government, a municipality or another public-sector entity or a credit institution (other than 
one belonging to the same consolidated group as the Issuer); (ii) guarantees granted by a public-sector 
entity or a credit institution referred to in (i) above; (iii) credit insurance given by an insurance company

--- Page 9 ---
2 
other than one belonging to the same “group”, as defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of Finance 
and Insurance Groups (Laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as amended), as 
the Issuer; or (iv) assets of the Issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland (Suomen Pankki) or a deposit 
bank; if the Issuer is a deposit bank the deposit may not be in a deposit bank belonging to the same 
consolidated group as the Issuer. Supplementary Collateral may temporarily be used in situations 
where (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral 
for the Notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the provisions provided for in Sections 
16 and 17 of the MBA (see “Matching Cover and Overcollateralisation” below). 

Matching Cover and Overcollateralisation: The MBA seeks to protect Noteholders by requiring the 
outstanding principal amount and net present value of the Notes to be covered at all times by a 
matching Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. This is achieved by Section 16 of the MBA which provides 
that (a) the total value of the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool must always exceed the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes and (b) the net present value of the Retained Note Cover 
Asset Pool must always be at least 2 per cent above the net present value of the liabilities under the 
Notes. See the “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks - Quality of the cover pool 
assets” section in this Base Prospectus. 

Derivative Transactions: The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more derivative 
transactions in order to hedge against risks relating to the Notes, Intermediary Loans, Mortgage Loans, 
Public-Sector Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for the Notes (each a Derivative 
Transaction). These Derivative Transactions shall be entered into the Register and their collateral, 
which the Issuer is required to maintain pursuant to Chapter 5 of the MBA and also marked for the 
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. The Issuer may also enter into one or more derivative transactions to 
hedge against risks relating to other assets of the Issuer, but such derivative transactions will not be 
entered into the Register as supporting the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. Derivative Transactions 
rank pari passu with the Notes and with Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans (as defined below) with respect to 
the statutory security over the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool conferred by the MBA (as described in 
“Statutory Security” above).  

Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans: A bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer may, upon the demand or with the 
consent of an attorney appointed by the FIN-FSA upon the insolvency of the Issuer, conclude 
contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or take out liquidity credit (each a Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loan) in accordance with Section 26 of the MBA. These circumstances are described in greater detail in 
the “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks - Management of cover pool assets during 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer” section of this Base Prospectus. Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans 
rank pari passu with the Notes and the Derivative Transactions with respect to the statutory security 
over the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool conferred by the MBA (as described in “Statutory Security” 
above).

--- Page 10 ---
3 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement).  
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this summary. 
Issuer:
OP Mortgage Bank 
Legal Identifier Number (LEI) 
743700IJXAGL8TGFRC33 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-investors/issuers/op-
mortgage-bank
Information appearing on the Issuer’s website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, unless such information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Description:
Euro Medium Term Retained Covered Note Programme 
Arranger: 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Dealers: 
OP Corporate Bank plc and any other Dealers appointed in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting 
requirements 
apply 
will 
only 
be 
issued 
in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. See also “Extended Maturity Date” below.

--- Page 11 ---
4 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of 
the Notes”. 
Interest: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement): 
(a)
the Notes will bear interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date; 
and 
(b)
if the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of a 
Series of Notes is extended in accordance with Condition 
5.2, each such Note will bear interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from and including the Maturity Date to 
but excluding the earlier of the Monthly Extended 
Maturity Date on which such Note is redeemed in full and 
the Final Extended Maturity Date (each as defined in 
Condition 5.2) and such interest will be payable monthly in 
arrear on each Extended Interest Payment Date (as 
defined in Condition 3.3) up to and including the Note 
Maturity Date at the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement). 
For the purposes of the Programme, Notes will be: 
(a)
in respect of the period from the Issue Date to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, Fixed Rate Notes or Floating 
Rate Notes, and 
(b)
in respect of the period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Monthly Extended Maturity 
Date on which such Note is redeemed in full or the Final 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be, Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes, 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or 
prospectus (as appropriate). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); or

--- Page 12 ---
5 
(b)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall 
consult with an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 
3.5(g)) to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate, and in either case an Adjustment Spread, if 
any, and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 3.5 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes. The Issuer may agree with 
any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in 
which event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year”
above. 
See also “Extended Maturity Date” below. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
If the Issuer fails to redeem a Series of Notes in full on the 
Maturity Date, the maturity of the outstanding principal amount 
of such Notes on the Maturity Date will be automatically 
extended to the earlier of the Monthly Extended Maturity Date 
on which such Note is redeemed in full and the Final Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5.2. Such Notes will 
not thereafter represent a new series of security. 
In the event of such extension, the Issuer may redeem the 
outstanding principal amount of such Notes at their Final 
Redemption Amount on any Extended Interest Payment Date 
up to and including the Final Extended Maturity Date. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant

--- Page 13 ---
6 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
(other than an Exempt Note) admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the time of issue of such Notes). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 6, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued as covered notes (katetut joukkolainat) 
and will constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The Notes will be covered in 
accordance with the MBA and will rank pari passu among 
themselves, with Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy 
Liquidity Loans and with any N-Bonds issued with respect to the 
statutory security over the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool in 
accordance with the MBA. Under Section 25 of the MBA, this 
priority is limited to 70 per cent. in respect of Housing Loans 
and 60 per cent. in respect of Commercial Loans of the current 
value of the properties or the shares in the property owning 
companies which stand as collateral for such loans. To the 
extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to the Notes 
are not met out of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in 
accordance with the MBA, the residual claims of the 
Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
The statutory security conferred on holders of the Notes by the 
MBA extends to Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans 
owned by the Issuer and certain other types of assets which 
qualify for this purpose under the MBA and are included in the 
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. No security will be taken over 
assets of the Issuer which do not qualify for this purpose or 
which are not included in the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool, 
nor will any security be taken over the Issuer’s rights under any 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Programme or Notes issued thereunder. 
Rating: 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). Rated Notes issued 
under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned a 
rating of Aaa by Moody’s and a rating of AAA from S&P and/or a 
corresponding rating by another Rating Agency. Moody’s is 
established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. S&P is also established in the European Union

--- Page 14 ---
7 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of 
Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
As per Moody’s Global Long-Term Rating Scale in its Rating 
Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated ‘Aaa’ are judged to 
be of the highest quality with minimum risk. 
As per S&P’s Global Ratings Definitions for Long-Term Issue 
Credit Ratings, an obligation rated ‘AAA’ has the highest rating 
assigned, meaning the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments is extremely strong. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
(other than the Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market. 
References to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except for the 
provisions relating to coverage of the Notes pursuant to the 
MBA, which will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Finnish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the Republic of 
Italy and Finland), the UK, Japan and Singapore and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) 
(TEFRA D) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that Notes 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code) (TEFRA C) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 15 ---
8 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not 
in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Issuer is part of OP Financial Group and serves as the mortgage credit bank of OP Financial Group. Where 
certain factors are described below with references to OP Financial Group such factors are also relevant to the 
Issuer as part of OP Financial Group. 
Risks relating to the Issuer and its business 
Business Conditions and General Economy 
The profitability of the Issuer’s operations is affected by several factors, the most important being the general 
economic conditions in Finland or globally, volatility and level of interest rates, asset prices and exchange 
rates, and the Issuer’s competitive situation. Factors such as the development of public finances, inflation and 
development of household income and employment may affect the volume and performance of the Issuer’s 
business as well as its financial condition. An economic downturn in Finland or globally (including that caused 
by the coronavirus pandemic and measures taken to control the spread of the virus) could adversely affect the 
Issuer’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. The exact ramifications of the 
coronavirus pandemic are highly uncertain and it is difficult to predict the spread or duration of the pandemic. 
Also the long term consequences of the pandemic on customer behaviour are highly uncertain. For example, 
retail customers’ needs for mortgages may change geographically and corporate customers’ needs for real 
estate may change. Both retail customers’ spending habits and corporate customers’ investment needs may 
change to certain extent permanently due to the pandemic. These long term consequences are still highly 
uncertain but they may affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
A downward trend in the general economy would be likely to lead to growing credit losses as the Issuer’s 
debtors may be unable to meet their payment obligations. The general consumer confidence and consumer 
spending would also be influenced by the downward trend. As a result, there would be a decline in the 
demand for loans and other financial services. An economic downturn could therefore adversely affect the 
Issuer’s income level. 
Factors such as the liquidity of the global financial markets, the level and volatility of equity prices and interest 
rates, inflation, and availability and cost of funding could materially affect the activity level of the Issuer. 
Significantly higher interest rates could adversely affect the values of balance sheet and off-balance sheet 
assets of the Issuer by increasing the risk that a greater number of its debtors would be unable to meet their 
obligations. 
European Resolution Regime (see “Description of other legislation relevant to the Issuer, its business and 
the Notes – Bank Recovery and Resolution Regime”) 
The Issuer is subject to the resolution framework laid down in the BRRD and the SRMR. Pursuant to the SRMR, 
the resolution authority can place the Issuer under resolution if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail within the 
meaning of the SRMR. According to the preferred resolution strategy of OP Financial Group, the Issuer will be 
resolved separately from the rest of OP Financial Group if the Group is failing or likely to fail. Liabilities of the

--- Page 16 ---
9 
Issuer other than the Notes, other MBA-compliant covered bonds and other liabilities subject to statutory 
exemption may be subject to the powers assigned to the resolution authority by the SRMR to write down 
liabilities or to convert them into capital instruments in resolution (bail-in powers). The application of the bail-
in powers may affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders, if the OP Financial Group 
as a whole is failing or likely to fail. 
Pursuant to Article 27(3)(b) of the SRMR, the Notes are, in principle, not subject to the bail-in.   
The resolution authority may also decide to amend or alter the maturity of the Notes, interest payable under 
the Notes, the date on which the interest becomes payable and to suspend payments for a predetermined 
period of time, in accordance with the Resolution Act. The application of the resolution powers may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
Risks Relating to Operational Activities 
The Issuer’s business operations require the ability to process a large number of loan transactions efficiently 
and accurately. Operational risks and related losses may result from inadequate internal processes, fraud, 
errors by employees, failure to properly document transactions, failure to comply with regulatory 
requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures or malfunctions of the Issuer’s own systems 
or the systems of the Issuer’s suppliers or cooperation partners or other external systems. Furthermore, 
operational risks may materialise in terms of loss or deterioration of reputation or trust. As for the Issuer, the 
most significant, identified operational risks pertain to systems, business processes, accuracy of 
documentation and secure processing, storage and transfer of information. Although the Issuer (as part of OP 
Financial Group) has implemented the risk controls and loss mitigation actions of OP Financial Group, it is not 
absolutely certain that such procedures will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by 
the Issuer. Notwithstanding anything in this risk factor, this risk factor should not be taken as implying that 
either the Issuer or OP Financial Group will be unable to comply with its obligations as a company with 
securities admitted to the Official List. 
Financial Risk 
The Issuer’s funding is influenced by various factors, such as the liquidity of global financial markets, interest 
rates, investor sentiment, inflation and the availability and cost of credit, which all are closely related to the 
general economic conditions. Any negative development affecting any of these factors could therefore have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results or operations and financial condition. 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risks arise when interest rate fixing periods or interest rate bases for assets and liabilities are 
mismatched. Although the Issuer enters into customised interest rate Derivative Transactions with the aim of 
reducing interest rate risks, the Issuer’s exposure to interest rate risks are not expected to be zero. A failure to 
manage this risk effectively could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Liquidity Risk and Availability of Funding 
Liquidity risk means the risk of the Issuer being unable to meet its payment obligations and to refinance its 
loans when they fall due, and to meet its obligations as a debtor. The risk could materialise, for example, 
because of a decline in the liquidity of markets or downgrading of the Issuer’s credit rating or the Issuer being 
unable to maintain adequate liquidity. A decline in the Issuer’s liquidity or a substantial downgrading of the 
Issuer’s credit rating may adversely affect the availability and price of the Issuer’s funding and, as a 
consequence, weaken the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition.  
The wholesale funding markets (including the international debt capital markets) have experienced 
disruptions from time to time which have continued to a varying degree. Such disruptions have increased the 
funding costs and reduced the availability of the wholesale market funding across the financial services sector. 
The business of the Issuer and its respective ability to access sources of liquidity has been constrained as a 
result. If the wholesale funding markets deteriorate, it may have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and 
funding of all Finnish financial services institutions including the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the 
wholesale funding markets will not further deteriorate.

--- Page 17 ---
10 
External Risks 
External risks relate, inter alia, to regulatory issues, unsteady political conditions, environmental disasters, 
pandemics and widespread public health crises (including the recent coronavirus outbreak, the impact of 
which will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted) as well as 
sanctions and other measures taken by sovereign governments that may hinder economic or financial activity 
levels. 
The Issuer’s business is subject to regulation and regulatory surveillance. Despite the Issuer’s current 
compliance with Finnish and European Union regulations as well as compliance with OP Financial Group’s risk 
management rules and regulations which are also applicable to the Issuer as part of OP Financial Group, it is 
always possible that the Issuer may fail to comply with current legislation and best practice or may in some 
other way fail to meet its obligations, although the Issuer seeks to minimise this risk through its internal 
controls. 
The Issuer is exposed to environmental risks such as, inter alia, natural catastrophes, pandemics and disasters. 
Any such incident could adversely affect the value of collateral and/or the debtors’ ability to fulfil their 
obligations. 
For example, the recent coronavirus pandemic, coupled up with the measures implemented by relevant 
government authorities to contain it, such as travel bans and restrictions, border controls, curfews, 
quarantines and shut downs, and other measures to discourage or prohibit the movement of people, has led 
to increased volatility and declines in financial markets and is expected to have a material and adverse impact 
on the level of economic activity in Finland. At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the coronavirus 
pandemic may last and the full impact that it may have on the Issuer’s or OP Financial Group’s business 
operations. If the coronavirus outbreak continues for a prolonged period, the economic condition in Finland 
would be further worsened. 
Though Finland currently has extremely steady political conditions, it is always possible (though the Issuer 
sees it as unlikely) that the political conditions could suddenly change, which might have a weakening impact 
on the legislation concerning the Issuer and in that way affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations.  
Any of the external risks mentioned above, and the responses to them by governments and markets, could, 
together or individually, adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial 
condition, including the indirect effect on regional or global trade and/or the Issuer’s and OP Financial Group’s 
customers. 
Harmonisation of the EU Covered Bond Framework (see “Description of other legislation relevant to the 
Issuer, its business and the Notes – Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework”) 
As further disclosed on page 101, the EU Covered Bond Legislation came into effect on 7 January 2020 and is 
subject to up to a 30 month transposition period. The draft government proposal concerning the 
implementation of the EU Covered Bond Legislation and the regulation amending Article 129 of the CRR into 
Finnish law was published for consultation on 4 June 2021 with the aim of the government proposal being 
presented in Parliament for discussion in early October 2021. However, it is not yet known whether the 
government proposal will be implemented in the currently published form and as a result the nature and 
scope of changes to be made to the Finnish legislation affecting covered bonds in order to implement the 
European Union’s EU Covered Bond Legislation at a national level are still uncertain.  
As a result, the final position, including the effective date and the date from which the new regime will apply 
are not yet known. Therefore, there can be no assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect of the 
new regime on the Notes. 
Capital Adequacy 
Information regarding the Issuer’s capital structure and capital adequacy is set out in the “Description of OP 
Financial Group and the Loan Originators”. The Issuer’s banking licence is dependent upon the fulfilment of 
capital adequacy requirements in accordance with the applicable regulations. The Issuer’s capital structure 
and capital adequacy ratio may have an effect on the Issuer’s future credit ratings and the availability and 
costs of funding operations. Moreover, the absence of a sufficiently strong capital base may constrain the 
Issuer’s growth and strategic options. Significant unforeseen losses may create a situation under which the 
Issuer is unable to maintain its desired capital structure.

--- Page 18 ---
11 
The regulation of the financing and the investment service industry has been subject to major changes in 
Finland, in the European Union and internationally.  
Capital adequacy may be affected by supervisory actions, which may be implemented on the basis of 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP), by higher institution or country specific capital 
requirements or other supervisory initiatives. Supervisory actions may also limit the Issuer’s business 
possibilities. 
Risk relating to the Structural Arrangements  
OP Cooperative announced on 14 November 2014 that it continues its planning of structural reforms of OP 
Cooperative Consolidated. The process of planning and examining different options for the restructuring of 
OP Cooperative Consolidated and the implementation of legal structures of the organisation is still ongoing. 
OP Corporate Bank Group is in the process of considering further potential structural changes whereby, for 
example, the non-life insurance business segment may be transferred from OP Corporate Bank Group to OP 
Cooperative’s direct ownership. The specific manner or schedule to implement such restructuring has not yet 
been decided. 
In addition, mergers of subsidiaries are planned and effected in OP Financial Group. For further information, 
please see “Description of OP Financial Group and the Loan Originators – Principal Subsidiaries” section on 
page 77. 
Any further potential restructuring would be expected to generate synergy benefits. The majority of the 
synergies are expected to be generated at OP Cooperative Consolidated level. The synergies will be fully 
implemented over approximately five years. However, there is no assurance that the arrangements 
mentioned above will succeed and cost and revenue synergies may not be generated as expected, which 
could have a materially adverse effect on OP Financial Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Risks Relating to Prudential Regulation (see “Description of other legislation relevant to the Issuer, its 
business and the Notes – Prudential Regulation”) 
As described in more detail on page 101, the capital and liquidity requirements for credit institutions have been 
amended across the EU in 2019 by amendments to the CRD and CRR by the Banking Package in order to 
implement the most recent amendments to the recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the Basel Framework). While the national transposition of the CRD entered into force on 1 April 
2021, the majority of the CRR amendments will enter into force on 28 June 2021.   
As the Issuer has been exempted from the individual quantitative capital and liquidity requirements by a 
waiver granted to OP Amalgamation pursuant to Article 10 of the CRR, the Issuer is subject to a reduced 
minimum capital requirement (80% of what is required under the CRD and CRR) and a higher limit for large 
exposures (40% of own funds instead of 25% as required under the CRR) at solo level, pursuant to Article 21 of 
the Finnish Act on Amalgamations of Deposit Banks (Laki talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as 
amended) (the Amalgamations Act) but exempted, at solo level, from other capital requirements and all 
liquidity requirements. The possible regulatory risks are, therefore, limited to the consolidated level of OP 
Amalgamation. The Issuer or OP Financial Group do not foresee issues with complying with the new prudential 
requirements under the Banking Package. 
The amendments to the Basel Framework referred to above may have an impact on the capital and/or liquidity 
requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are subject to 
requirements that follow the revised framework and, as a result, they may affect the liquidity and/or value of 
the Notes. In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in 
respect of the Notes and as to the consequences to and effect on them of any changes to the Basel 
framework and the relevant implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of 
such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
Credit Risk 
As the Issuer’s financial performance is affected by the credit quality of debtors and counterparties in 
Derivative Transactions, credit risk arises from the credit quality of the abovementioned parties. The 
recoverability of the loans granted by the Issuer or the Originators (as defined in “Loan Acquisition, 
Intermediary Loans And Limited Recourse To The Originators” below) is an inherent part of the Issuer’s business

--- Page 19 ---
12 
and therefore the control of credit risk is significant within the business of the Issuer as well as in OP Financial 
Group. 
The credit risk management system of the Issuer is steered, examined, audited and evaluated as a part of 
credit risk management of OP Financial Group. The credit risk management system applies both to the Issuer 
and to the Originators which grant the Mortgage Loans within the rules and regulations of OP Financial Group. 
Tax Risk 
OP Financial Group’s activities are subject to tax at various rates around the world computed in accordance 
with local legislation and practice. OP Financial Group’s business, including intra-group transactions, is 
conducted in accordance with OP Financial Group’s interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations 
and instructions from the tax authorities in the relevant countries. However, the applicable laws, tax treaties, 
court tax practice and tax authority administrative practice may change over time and the changes may have a 
retroactive effect in taxation. Any future legislative changes or decisions by tax authorities in Finland and 
other jurisdictions where OP Financial Group is active may impair the tax position of OP Financial Group. 
For instance, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (ATAD) and Directive (EU) 2017/952 amending 
Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (ATAD II) may require member states of the EU to amend their tax legislation or 
taxation practice and to implement, among other things, exit tax rules, limitations on the right to deduct 
interest expense and controlled foreign company rules as well as rules as regards hybrid mismatches. Finland 
has enacted new law on hybrid mismatches and as of 2022 Finland must comply with ATAD II rules on reverse 
hybrid mismatches. Amendments due to the ATAD or ATAD II and other possible future amendments could 
increase OP Financial Group’s tax burden. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Collection of Mortgage Loans and Default by Borrowers 
The Mortgage Loans which secure the Notes will comprise loans secured on Property. A borrower may default 
on its obligation under such Mortgage Loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults under 
Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental yield reduction (in the case of 
investment Properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, 
repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or 
international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, 
inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and 
government policies. Other factors in borrowers’ individual, personal or financial circumstances may affect the 
ability of the borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce, weakening of financial 
conditions or results of business operations and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies 
by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to 
repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a Property given as security for a 
Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend 
upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that Property, the value of that Property and 
property values in general at the time.
Extended Maturity of the Notes 
If the Issuer notifies the Agent in accordance with the Conditions that it will not redeem a Series of Notes in 
full on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount, the maturity of the outstanding principal amount 
of such Notes on the Maturity Date will be automatically extended to the earlier of the Monthly Extended 
Maturity Date on which such Note is redeemed in full and the Final Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 5.2. In the event of such extension, the Issuer may redeem the outstanding principal amount of such 
Notes at their Final Redemption Amount on any Extended Interest Payment Date up to and including the Final 
Extended Maturity Date. The extension of the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes to a 
date falling after the Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments on 
such Notes and no payment will be payable to the Noteholders in that event other than as set out in the 
Conditions. 
Risks relating to Finland and the Finnish Mortgage Market

--- Page 20 ---
13 
Changes in the general economic situation of Finland, such as changes in interest rate levels, employment 
rates, household indebtedness levels, taxation, etc., may adversely affect the Finnish mortgage market, for 
example, through reducing the demand for mortgage loans, impairing the customers’ ability to repay their 
mortgage loans on time and/or in full, reducing the disposable values of the cover pool assets, and impairing 
the general activity of the Finnish mortgage market. Furthermore, there are factors which may increase the 
vulnerability in the Finnish mortgage market particularly, such as increase in the residential property prices, 
increase in the residential property price differences between growth centres (such as the Helsinki 
metropolitan area and other regional growth centres) and other areas in Finland, and growth in loans taken 
out by housing companies. Therefore, changes in the general economic situation of Finland and in the Finnish 
mortgage market may also affect the results of operations of the Issuer and, thus, the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes on time and/or in full.
Value of Security Over Property 
The security for a Mortgage Loan included in the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool consists of, amongst other 
things, the Issuer’s interest in security over a Property. The value of such security and, accordingly, the level of 
recoveries on an enforcement of such security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value 
of Property and priority of such security. No assurance can be given that the values of relevant Properties will 
not decline or have not declined since the Mortgage Loan was originated. Where the Issuer enforces security 
over a Property, realisation of that security is likely to involve obtaining of a court decision confirming the 
payment obligation of the borrower and approving the sale of that Property through public auction. The 
ability of the Issuer to dispose of a Property without the consent of the borrower will depend on (i) the above 
decision by a court and the public auction (in the case of a mortgageable property but not in the case of 
shares in a housing or real estate company), (ii) the relevant housing market or commercial property market 
conditions at the relevant time and (iii) the availability of buyers for the relevant Property. 
Concentration of Location of Properties 
According to the Origination Criteria for the Mortgage Loans, all Mortgage Loans contained in the Retained 
Note Cover Asset Pool will be secured on Property located or incorporated in Finland. The value of the 
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool may decline sharply and rapidly in the event of a general downturn in the 
value of Property in Finland. 
The Secondary Market Generally 
It is anticipated that OP Corporate Bank, or its affiliates, will purchase Notes issued under this Programme 
(although there is no prohibition on the Issuer issuing notes to any other Dealer or to a Dealer on-selling its 
Notes to third parties in accordance with applicable securities laws).  Such Notes will have no established 
trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for 
Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes.
Default of Issuer’s Assets 
Default of the Issuer’s assets (in particular assets in the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool) could jeopardise the 
Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes in full or on a timely basis. 
Sharing of the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool 
Under the MBA, Noteholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer in 
relation to the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. Under Section 25 of the MBA, this priority is limited to 70 per 
cent. in respect of Housing Loans and 60 per cent. in respect of Commercial Loans of the current value of the 
Property which stands as collateral for such Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, notwithstanding that the Issuer has 
entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, Noteholders (along with counterparties to Derivative 
Transactions, providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and holders of N-Bonds) have the right to receive 
payment before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. 
To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Notes are not met out of the Retained Note

--- Page 21 ---
14 
Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims of the Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Noteholders will not have any preferential right to the Issuer’s 
assets other than those marked for the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool (and will not have any preferential 
right to those assets marked for the Public Note Cover Asset Pool). Given the pari passu ranking of the Notes, 
Derivative Transactions, Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and N-Bonds under the MBA, in the event of the Issuer’s 
liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to Noteholders out of the Retained Note Cover 
Asset Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time to 
counterparties of Derivative Transactions and the providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
The funds accruing from the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool after the commencement of liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings are, under the MBA, entered into the Register as collateral until the Noteholders, 
counterparties to Derivative Transactions, providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and holders of any N-Bonds 
issued are repaid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes, Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, as applicable. Such provision of the MBA shall also be applied to the funds accrued 
to the Issuer after the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings on the basis of Derivative 
Transactions marked for the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool.  
Liquidity Risk Post Issuer’s Bankruptcy 
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue covered 
notes. Under the MBA, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or with the consent of a supervisor 
appointed by the FIN-FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans and other assets 
in the Cover Asset Pool to fulfil the obligations relating to the Notes. Further, the bankruptcy administrator 
(upon the demand or with the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take out liquidity loans 
and enter into other agreements to secure liquidity. Counterparties in such liquidity credit transactions will 
rank pari passu to holders of Notes and existing derivative counterparties with respect to assets in the 
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. However, there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy 
estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full and timely 
payments to holders of Notes and existing derivative counterparties.  
Ability of Supervisor to Declare Notes Due and Payable 
If the Issuer is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the requirements for the total amount of 
collateral of the Notes in sections 16 and 17 of the MBA cannot be fulfilled, a supervisor appointed by the FIN-
FSA may demand that the Issuer’s bankruptcy administrator declare the Notes due and payable and sell the 
assets placed as collateral for the Notes. Holders of Notes should be aware therefore that their Notes may be 
declared forthwith due and payable prior to their Maturity Date. 
Loan Acquisition, Intermediary Loans and Limited Recourse to the Originators 
The members of OP Financial Group who originated the Mortgage Loans, and from whom the Issuer has either 
purchased such Mortgage Loans, or who have provided such Mortgage Loans as security in relation to 
Intermediary Loans (the Originators) have warranted to the Issuer in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements 
and/or Intermediary Loan Agreements made between the Issuer and the relevant Originators (as the case may 
be), inter alia, that each Mortgage Loan and its related security and the nature and circumstances of the 
borrower satisfies the requirements of the MBA and the regulations made thereunder prior to the entering of 
the Mortgage Loans in the Register. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers has made or caused to be 
made (or will make or cause to be made) on its behalf any enquiry, search or investigation in relation to 
compliance by the relevant Originator or any other person with the lending criteria or origination procedures 
or the adequacy thereof or with any applicable laws or in relation to the execution, legality, validity, 
perfection, adequacy of enforceability of any Mortgage Loan or the related security. The Issuer will instead 
rely solely on the warranties given by the relevant Originator in the relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement 
or Intermediary Loan Agreement, as the case may be. The sole remedy of the Issuer against an Originator in 
respect of any breach of any warranty relating to the transfer of the Mortgage Loans and the related security 
(if the breach is not remedied) shall in respect of any Transfer and Servicing Agreement be to require such 
Originator to re-acquire the relevant Mortgage Loan and its related security, provided that this shall not limit 
any other remedies available to the Issuer if the relevant Originator fails to re-acquire the Mortgage Loan and 
its related security when obliged to do so. In the case of a breach of warranty relating to a Mortgage Loan in 
an Intermediary Loan Agreement, the Issuer will be entitled to require the relevant Originator to replace such 
Mortgage Loan with another eligible Mortgage Loan.

--- Page 22 ---
15 
No Events of Default 
The terms and conditions of the Notes do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, and 
therefore the terms and conditions of the Notes do not entitle Noteholders to accelerate the Notes. As such, 
it is envisaged that Noteholders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Notes as and 
when they fall due under the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Limited Description of the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool 
Noteholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans and other 
Eligible Assets covering the Notes, as it is expected that the composition of the portfolio of such Mortgage 
Loans and other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase of further 
Mortgage Loans (either directly or indirectly) and the repurchase by an Originator of Mortgage Loans 
pursuant to its obligations under the relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement. 
Reliance on OP Corporate Bank plc as Swap Provider 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against 
risks relating to the Notes or Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for such Notes. 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets from time to time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Notes (which may, for instance, 
include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which 
track a base rate) and the interest rate(s) under the Notes, the Issuer may from time to time enter into one or 
more interest rate swap transactions, and to provide a hedge against possible variances in the currency in 
which payments will be made to the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Loans and other assets from time to 
time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Notes and the currencies in which the Issuer will be required to 
make payments in respect of the Notes, the Issuer may from time to time enter into currency swap 
transactions. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s sole swap counterparty is OP Corporate Bank plc. If OP 
Corporate Bank Plc or any other swap counterparty that may be appointed defaults on its obligations to make 
payments in the relevant currency and/or at the relevant rate of interest under the relevant Derivative 
Transaction, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest and/or the relevant 
currency exchange rates. Unless one or more replacement Derivative Transactions are entered into, the Issuer 
may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer has not entered into any Derivative Transactions in relation to the Programme 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
Risks relating to the United Kingdom’s Exit from the European Union (EU) 
The United Kingdom left the European Union on 31 January 2020 and the transition period, during which EU 
law continued to apply to the UK, ended on 31 December 2020. As a result, the Treaty on the European Union 
and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK and the UK is also no 
longer part of the EEA. On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK agreed a Trade and Cooperation Agreement 
(the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which sets out the principles of the relationship between the EU 
and the UK following the end of the transition period, which was signed on 30 December 2020. However, 
notwithstanding the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, Brexit has resulted in substantial changes to the law 
in the UK and the Trade and Cooperation Agreement is not comprehensive in all respects. For example, the 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision 
of financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. Accordingly, there remains 
uncertainty as to the terms under which the UK will trade with EU countries as well as with third party 
countries with whom trade is currently conducted under EU free trade agreements. More broadly, the impact 
of Brexit on the economic outlook of the Eurozone and the UK, and associated global implications, remain 
uncertain notwithstanding the existence of Trade and Cooperation Agreement.  Any of these effects of Brexit, 
and others that OP Financial Group cannot anticipate, could adversely affect OP Financial Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could negatively impact the value of the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
16 
Change of Law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law and Finnish law, in each case in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law and/or Finnish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes where Denominations Involve Integral Multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase 
such a principal amount of Notes that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks Untested/Absence of a Market for the Notes 
There is likely to be only a limited existing secondary or other market for covered notes issued under the MBA, 
and there is limited existing liquidity in Finnish covered notes. No assurance can be given as to the 
continuation or effectiveness of any market-making activity. The protection afforded to the holders of the 
Notes by means of a preference on the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool is based only on the MBA. Although 
the MBA regulates the operations of mortgage credit banks in detail, there is currently limited practical 
experience in relation to the operation of the MBA. 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done 
in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
Notes Linked to a Benchmark 
Various interest rate benchmarks (including EURIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still being implemented, including pursuant to the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
Benchmark Regulation).  
The sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as a result of the 
absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of 
regulatory reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. On 27 July 2017, and 
in a subsequent speech by its Chief Executive on 12 July 2018, the FCA confirmed that it will no longer persuade

--- Page 24 ---
17 
or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 (the FCA
Announcements). The FCA Announcements indicated that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis 
cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of-England and the 
FCA announced that, from January 2018, its Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated 
with implementing a broad- based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) over the next 
four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary 
sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. The FCA Announcements indicated that the continuation 
of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA officially 
confirmed the dates for the future cessation or loss of representativeness of global LIBOR benchmarks. This 
will be effective after 31 December 2021 for sterling, euro, yen and Swiss franc LIBOR settings and after 30 
June 2023 for most U.S. dollar settings. 
Separately, EURIBOR has been reformed to be calculated using a hybrid methodology and a related 
workstream is underway to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight 
risk-free rate as to which see risk factor entitled “The market continues to develop in relation to €STR as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes” below)). The effects of this are uncertain but could include a reduction 
in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence EURIBOR or 
any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Notes and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Notes. Changes in the manner of administration of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate 
benchmark could result in adjustment to the Conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the 
Issuer, delisting or other consequences in relation to the Notes. No assurance may be provided that relevant 
changes will not occur with respect to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or 
that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to the Notes.  
If a Benchmark Event occurs, any consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, United Kingdom, or 
other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on any such affected Floating Rate 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Notes. Changes in the manner of administration of EURIBOR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark could result in adjustment to the Conditions, early redemption, discretionary 
valuation by the Issuer, delisting or other consequences in relation to the Notes. No assurance may be 
provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other relevant interest 
rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
Separately, the Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark", 
including in any of the following circumstances: 
(I)
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or register or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not otherwise recognised as equivalent; and 
(II)
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
benchmark. 
Either of the above could potentially lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or 
otherwise affected depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes. 
In addition, any other international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 25 ---
18 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
"benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". 
The Market Continues to Develop in Relation to €STR as Reference Rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Floating Rate Notes with interest determined on the basis of the 
reference rate €STR. 
The €STR is published by the European Central Bank and is intended to reflect the wholesale euro unsecured 
overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the euro area. The European Central Bank reports that the €STR 
is published on each TARGET business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous 
TARGET business day (the reporting date T) with a maturity date of T+1 which are deemed to have been 
executed at arm's length and thus reflect market rates in an unbiased way. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that reference a risk 
free rate issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in future also issue Notes referencing €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Compounded Daily €STR-
referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development of €STR as an interest reference rate 
for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any €STR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to 
time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date (or 
other date on which accrued interest may become due on the Notes). It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference Compounded Daily €STR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to, for example, 
EURIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily €STR are redeemed early on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes 
shall only be determined on the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and 
loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of €STR reference 
rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing €STR. 
Since €STR is a relatively new market index, Notes which reference €STR may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to €STR such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued 
indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in securities like Notes 
which reference Compounded Daily €STR, the trading price of such Notes which reference Compounded Daily 
€STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes 
may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that 
€STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR. Further, if Compounded Daily €STR as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the 
trading price of such Notes linked to €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more 
widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all, or may not be able to sell such 
Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.

--- Page 26 ---
19 
Notes Subject to Optional Redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Notes. 
Note Issued at a Substantial Discount or Premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 27 ---
20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available for viewing on the 
website of the Issuer at https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/publications/op-mortgage-bank-publications (in 
relation to financial statements incorporated by reference) and https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-
investors/issuers/op-mortgage-bank/retained-covered-note-programme-documentation-and-issues (in relation 
to the terms and conditions of historic prospectuses incorporated by reference). 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank of 
Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1.
the unaudited interim non-consolidated financial statements for the three months ended 31 March 2021 
of the Issuer (excluding the section entitled “Outlook for 2021” on page 4) including the information 
set out at the following pages in particular: 
Income Statement ...............................................................................................................
Page 5
Statement of Changes in Equity ..........................................................................................
Page 6
Balance Sheet ......................................................................................................................
Page 6
Cash Flow Statement ...........................................................................................................
Page 7
2.
the auditor’s report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer (excluding the section entitled “Outlook” on page 9) including 
the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Income Statement ...............................................................................................................
Page 11
Balance Sheet ......................................................................................................................
Page 12
Cash Flow Statement ...........................................................................................................
Page 13
Statement of Changes in Equity ..........................................................................................
Page 14
Accounting Policies and Notes ............................................................................................ 
Pages 16 to 52
Auditor’s Report .................................................................................................................. 
Pages 54 to 57
Any other information not listed above but contained in such document is incorporated by reference for 
information purposes only; 
3.
the auditor’s report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 of the Issuer (excluding the section entitled “Future outlook” on page 8) 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Balance Sheet ......................................................................................................................
Page 11
Income Statement ...............................................................................................................
Page 10
Cash Flow Statement ...........................................................................................................
Page 12
Statement of Changes in Equity ..........................................................................................
Page 13
Accounting Policies and Notes ............................................................................................ 
Pages 14 to 56
Auditor’s Report .................................................................................................................. 
Pages 58 to 61
4.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 44 to 65 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 15 June 2020. 
Where only certain parts of a document are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant to the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 28 ---
21 
SUPPLEMENTS AND NEW BASE PROSPECTUSES 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
22 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note 
(a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and (b) the relevant clearing systems will be notified 
whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow eurosystem 
eligibility; and  
(ii)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued (the Exchange Date), interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Notes of the same 
Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has 
already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are represented by a Temporary Global Note which is expressed to be 
exchangeable for definitive bearer Notes at the option of Noteholders, such Notes shall be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the 
lowest Specified Denomination) and multiples thereof. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “Payment Day” as set out in Condition 4.5 (Payment Day). 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without 
any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 if an Exchange Event

--- Page 30 ---
23 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on each Permanent Global Note and Definitive Note to which TEFRA D 
applies and which has an original maturity of more than 365 days, and on all Coupons and Talons relating to 
such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 
1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, Coupons or Talons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which 
are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until 
at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Where any Note is represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due 
and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become 
void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 15 June 2020 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 31 ---
24 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the applicable Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes and which are issued under the Programme with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
Final terms dated [●]  
OP Mortgage Bank 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 743700IJXAGL8TGFRC33 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the [●] [●] Notes due [●] 
issued on [●] (the Original Notes))] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Retained Covered Note Programme 
(under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as 
amended))
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [●] 2021 which [, as supplemented by a supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●] 
(the Supplement),] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus [, as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [, as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [is/and the Supplement are] available for 
viewing at and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
contained in the Agency Agreement dated [original date] and set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original 
date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] [which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated [current date]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated [●] 2021 [, as supplemented by a supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●] (the 
Supplement),] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms [,/and] the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] 2021 [and the Supplement]. Copies of the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement] are 
available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London.  
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) AND THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES (CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018 OF SINGAPORE (THE CMP REGULATIONS 
2018) – In connection with Section 309(B) of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all persons (including all relevant persons as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale and Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).1] 
1 
For any Covered Bonds to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Section 309(B) of the SFA prior to launch of the offer.

--- Page 32 ---
25 
[IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in the UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.”] 
1
 
Issuer: 
OP Mortgage Bank 
2
 
(a)
Series Number: 
[●]

--- Page 33 ---
26 
(b)
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(c)
Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
[The Notes issued under these Final Terms will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the Original 
Notes, details of which are included in the Final Terms dated 
[●] under Series [●]. The Notes will become fungible with 
existing Series [●] forty (40) days after the Issue Date.] 
3
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a)
Series: 
[●] 
(b)
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
5
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6
 
(a)
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [●]] 
(b)
Calculation Amount: 
[●]
7
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
8
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
(a)
Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date 
[●] 
(b)
Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date to (and including) 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
10
 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
11
 
Interest Basis: 
(a)
Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] +/- [●]per cent. Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph [16] [17] below) 
(b)
Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date to (and including) 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[●] +/- [●]per cent. Floating Rate]  
(see paragraph [18] [19] below) 
12
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
13
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[ISDA Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] / [Not 
Applicable] 
14
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(see paragraph [20] [21] below)

--- Page 34 ---
27 
15
 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Interest (if any) payable (to Maturity Date)
16
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]  
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
17
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] 
(or 
any 
successor 
or 
replacement rate) 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (or any successor or replacement page) 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]]
• 
€STR Shift Period (p):  
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]]  
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]

--- Page 35 ---
28 
[• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
[• 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[●] Month] 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA); Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(xiii) Benchmark Discontinuation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Interest (if any) payable from Maturity Date up to Final Extended Maturity Date 
18
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date to (and including) Final Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
19
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date to (and including) Final Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 36 ---
29 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] 
(or 
any 
successor 
or 
replacement rate) 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (or any successor or replacement rate) 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]] 
• 
€STR Shift Period (p):  
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]]  
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
[• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
[• 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[●] Month] 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA); Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
Provisions relating to Redemption 
20
 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
(c)
If redeemable in part:  
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
[●]

--- Page 37 ---
30 
Amount:  
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[●] 
21
 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
22
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]] 
23
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
General Provisions applicable to the Notes 
24
 
Form of Notes:  
(a)
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to 
a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the 
purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.]
(b)
New Global Note:  
[Yes] [No] 
25
 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
26
 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes 
[Yes]/[No] 
27
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
28
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
29
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA D/ TEFRA C/ TEFRA not 
applicable]

--- Page 38 ---
31 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from third party sources: [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .....................................................................  
By: .....................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 39 ---
32 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
Listing and Admission to Trading 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and listing on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[●].][Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●].]  
(b)   
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] assigned the following rating: 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been assigned any 
rating] 
3
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager / Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
4
Estimated Net Proceeds 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[●] 
5
Yield to Maturity Date (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.]

--- Page 40 ---
33 
6
Operational Information 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[The temporary ISIN code is [●]. After the Exchange Date, 
the ISIN code will be [●]] 
(b) Common Code: 
[●] 
[The temporary Common Code is [●]. After the Exchange 
Date, the Common Code will be [●].] 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●])] 
(d) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(e) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] is provided by [European 
Money Markets Institute/Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility /Norske Finansielle Referanser/European Central 
Bank]. As at the date hereof, [[specify benchmark 
administrator][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation and as far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR

--- Page 41 ---
34 
apply such that [specific benchmark administrator] is not 
required to obtain authorisation or registration]]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark administrator] is not required to be registered 
by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation]/[Not 
Applicable] 
7
Distribution  
(a) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(b) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
If non-syndicated, name and address of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 42 ---
35 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the applicable Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme (whatever their denomination) pursuant to this Base Prospectus
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES 
DESCRIBED BELOW. THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT SHALL NOT FORM PART OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
APPROVED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND. 
Pricing Supplement dated [●]  
OP Mortgage Bank 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) is 743700IJXAGL8TGFRC33 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the [●] [●] Notes due [●] 
issued on [●] (the Original Notes))] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Retained Covered Note Programme 
(under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as 
amended))
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [●] 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] (the 
Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be 
obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents for the time being in London. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
contained in the Agency Agreement dated [original date] and set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] 2021 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] [which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
[current date]].  
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) AND THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES (CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018 OF SINGAPORE (THE CMP REGULATIONS 
2018) – In connection with Section 309(B) of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all persons (including all relevant persons as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale and Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).2] 
[IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
2 
For any Covered Bonds to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Section 309(B) of the SFA prior to launch of the offer.

--- Page 43 ---
36 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in the UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
1
 
Issuer: 
OP Mortgage Bank 
2
 
(a)
Series Number: 
[●] 
(b)
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(c)
Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
[The Notes issued under this Pricing Supplement will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the Original 
Notes, details of which are included in the Pricing 
Supplement dated [●] under Series [●]. The Notes will

--- Page 44 ---
37 
become fungible with existing Series [●] forty (40) days 
after the Issue Date.] 
3
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a)
Series: 
[●] 
(b)
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
5
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6
 
(a)
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [●]] 
(b)
Calculation Amount: 
[●]
7
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
8
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
(a)
Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date 
[●] 
(b)
Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date to (and including) 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
10
 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
11
 
Interest Basis: 
(a)
Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] +/- [●]per cent. Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph [16] [17] below) 
(b)
Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date to (and including) 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[●] +/- [●]per cent. Floating Rate]  
(see paragraph [18] [19] below) 
12
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Other (specify)] 
13
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[ISDA Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] / [Not 
Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
14
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(see paragraph [20] [21] below)

--- Page 45 ---
38 
15
 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Interest (if any) payable (to Maturity Date)
16
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]  
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
17
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] 
(or 
any 
successor 
or 
replacement rate) 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (or any successor or replacement page) 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]] 
• 
€STR Shift Period (p):  
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]  
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
[• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]]

--- Page 46 ---
39 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
[• 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[●] Month] 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA); Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(xiii) Benchmark Discontinuation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Interest (if any) payable from Maturity Date up to Final Extended Maturity Date 
18
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date to (and including) Final Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
19
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date to (and including) Final Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention ] 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] /[Other 
(specify)]

--- Page 47 ---
40 
to be determined: 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] 
(or 
any 
successor 
or 
replacement rate) 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (or any successor or replacement rate) 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]] 
• 
€STR Shift Period (p):  
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]  
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
[• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
[• 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[●] Month] 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA); Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
Provisions relating to Redemption 
20
 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s):  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
(c)
If redeemable in part:  
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
[●]

--- Page 48 ---
41 
Amount:  
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[●] 
21
 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s):  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
22
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]] 
23
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons and/or method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions):  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
General Provisions applicable to the Notes 
24
 
Form of Notes:  
(a)
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to 
a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the 
purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.]
(b)
New Global Note:  
[Yes] [No] 
25
 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
26
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes 
[Yes]/[No] 
27
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
28
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be

--- Page 49 ---
42 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
29
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA D/ TEFRA C/ TEFRA not 
applicable]  
30
 
Other terms or special conditions 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from third party sources: [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .....................................................................  
By: .....................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 50 ---
43 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [●] [specify 
market - note this must not be a regulated market] 
with effect from [●].][Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be listed on [●] [specify market - note this must not be 
a regulated market] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable] 
2
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] assigned the following rating: 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been assigned any 
rating] 
3
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager / Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
4
Estimated Net Proceeds 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[●] 
5
Yield to Maturity Date (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6
Operational Information 
(a)
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[The temporary ISIN code is [●]. After the Exchange 
Date, the ISIN code will be [●].]

--- Page 51 ---
44 
(b)
Common Code: 
[●] 
[The temporary Common Code is [●]. After the 
Exchange Date, the Common Code will be [●].] 
(c)
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●])] 
(d)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(e)
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(f)
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria 
have 
been 
met.] 
/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] is provided by 
[European Money Markets Institute/ Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility /Norske Finansielle 
Referanser/European Central Bank]. As at the date 
hereof [[specify benchmark 
administrator][appears]]/[does not appear]] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation and as far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the

--- Page 52 ---
45 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply 
such that [specify benchmark administrator] [is not 
required to obtain authorisation or registration]/[is 
not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of 
the Benchmark Regulation]/ [Not Applicable] 
7
Distribution  
(a) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(b) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
If non-syndicated, name and address of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 53 ---
46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue 
but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following 
Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes completes these Conditions. The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to “Form of Final Terms” (or, in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes, to “Form of 
Pricing Supplement”) for a description of the content of the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable) which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
THE NOTES (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE ISSUED AS COVERED NOTES (katetut 
joukkolainat), COVERED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANKS (Laki
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010), AS AMENDED (THE MBA). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS) HAS BEEN AUTHORISED BY THE FINNISH FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY 
(Finanssivalvonta) AS A DESIGNATED MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK PURSUANT TO THE MBA. THE FINANCIAL 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE NOTES ARE COVERED BY THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE A 
QUALIFYING COVER ASSET POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MBA.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by OP-Asuntoluottopankki Oyj (the English 
translation of which is OP Mortgage Bank (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b)
any Global Note; and 
(c)
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 11 June 2021, made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issuing and 
principal paying agent and calculation agent (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agent named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if applicable, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons 
or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) completes these Conditions. References to 
the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. If this Note is a Note which is neither to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. Any reference in the Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be 
deemed to include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant.  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference

--- Page 54 ---
47 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including 
as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the Deed of 
Covenant) dated 15 June 2020 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from 
those offices save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered 
in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of 
such Notes and identity. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, 
the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and 
are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency 
and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the maturity of this Note is extended in accordance with Condition 5.2, this Note may be a Fixed Rate 
Note or a Floating Rate Note, in respect of the period from the Maturity Date up to and including the Final 
Extended Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the Paying 
Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by

--- Page 55 ---
48 
the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
issued in accordance with the MBA. The Notes will be covered in accordance with the MBA and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and with all other Series of Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme and 
with Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and with any N-Bonds issued in respect of the 
statutory security in accordance with the MBA. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to the 
Notes are not met out of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in accordance with the MBA, the residual 
claims of the Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
3
Interest 
3.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. For so long as any of the Fixed Rate Notes is represented by 
a global Note held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest will be calculated on the 
full nominal amount Outstanding of the Fixed Rate Notes and will be paid to Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders in accordance with their usual rules and 
operating procedures. In respect of each definitive Fixed Rate Note, interest will be calculated on its 
Outstanding nominal amount. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period or if, in the case of Notes 
in definitive form, no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note held on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount Outstanding of the Fixed Rate Notes; or 
(B)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 3.1:

--- Page 56 ---
49 
(a)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
(B)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
3.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(a)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in the 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). For so long as any 
of the Floating Rate Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear, interest will be calculated on the full nominal amount Outstanding of the relevant 
Notes and will be paid to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled 
accountholders in accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures. In respect of each 
definitive Floating Rate Note interest will be calculated on its Outstanding nominal amount. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any

--- Page 57 ---
50 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.2(a)(i) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; 
or 
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b)
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and any 
Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this paragraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
51 
Where linear interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
In this paragraph, “Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the Final terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily €STR) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is not Compounded Daily €STR), the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below and subject to Condition 3.5, be either: 
(A)
the offered quotation; or 
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph 3.2(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph 3.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated at the request of the Reference Banks Agent 
to the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference 
Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the

--- Page 59 ---
52 
Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for the purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
Where linear interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. In 
this Condition 3.2(b)(ii), “Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the Final terms. 
In the Conditions:  
Interest Determination Date shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if none 
is so specified: 
(I)
if the Reference Rate is the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the second day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(II)
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; and  
(III)
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the Second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period;  
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a Reference 
Rate that is not EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major 
banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the 
Reference Banks Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or 
stockbroker appointed by the Issuer;
Reference Rate shall mean (i) Compounded Daily €STR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) STIBOR, and (iv) 
NIBOR (or any successor or replacement rate), in each case for the relevant period, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, and Oslo, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Time shall mean (i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 
a.m., and (iii) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 60 ---
53 
Terms as Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes for each 
Interest Period will (subject as provided below and subject to Condition 3.5), be Compounded 
Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent.  
As used in these Conditions: 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest 
Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows 
(the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(A)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(B)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
do means, for any Interest Period: 
(A)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day: 
(A)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, in the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(B)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
ni, for any TARGET Settlement Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day;   
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means: 
(A)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days by which an Observation Period precedes the corresponding 
Interest Period, being the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “€STR Lag 
Period (p)” in the Final Terms (which shall be a minimum of five TARGET Settlement Days 
unless otherwise agreed with the Agent or, if no such number is so specified, five 
TARGET Settlement Days);

--- Page 61 ---
54 
(B)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days by which an Observation Period precedes the corresponding 
Interest Period, being the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “€STR 
Shift Period (p)” in the Final Terms (which shall be a minimum of five TARGET Settlement 
Days unless otherwise agreed with the Agent or, if no such number is so specified, five 
TARGET Settlement Days); 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro; 
€STR Reference Rate means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate (€STR) for such TARGET Settlement Day as published by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the 
website of the European Central Bank initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor 
website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) (in each case, 
on or before 9:00 a.m., Central European Time, on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day); and 
€STRi-pTSDmeans: 
(A)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR Reference 
Rate for the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(B)
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the €STR 
Reference Rate for the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as specified 
above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to 
€STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day for which such rate was published on the ECB's 
Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as specified 
above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that 
was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator) (the ECB Recommended Rate), provided that, if no such rate has been 
recommended before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which 
the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day 
in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the Eurosystem 
Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility which banks may use to make overnight 
deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the ECB's Website (the EDFR) on such TARGET 
Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the EDFR Spread). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including that 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
"€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean 
of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30

--- Page 62 ---
55 
TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
As used in these Conditions: 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
or 
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator 
of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the 
first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR); 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 63 ---
56 
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note held on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Notes; or 
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.2: 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 64 ---
57 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2
will be 30; 
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 65 ---
58 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) 
is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period 
ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date).  
(e)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 11 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(f)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2 by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 66 ---
59 
3.3
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of a Series 
of Notes 
(a)
If the maturity of the Outstanding principal amount of a Series of Notes is extended in accordance with 
Condition 5.2, each such Note shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 3.3 from and 
including the Maturity Date to but excluding the earlier of the Monthly Extended Maturity Date on 
which such Note is redeemed in full and the Final Extended Maturity Date (each as defined in Condition 
5.2), subject to Condition 3.4. In that event and subject to Condition 4.5, interest shall be payable in 
arrear on the Outstanding principal amount of such Notes at the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 3.3(b) on each Monthly Extended Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 5.2) (each, an 
Extended Interest Payment Date) up to and including the earlier of the Monthly Extended Maturity 
Date on which such Note is redeemed in full and the Final Extended Maturity Date in respect of the 
Extended Interest Period (as defined below) ending immediately prior to such Monthly Extended 
Maturity Date. In this Condition 3.3, the period from and including an Extended Interest Payment Date 
(or, in respect of the first such period, the Maturity Date) to but excluding the next following Extended 
Interest Payment Date is referred to as an Extended Interest Period. 
(b)
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes on each Extended Interest Payment Date (the Extended Rate of Interest) will be as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Agent in accordance with 
Condition 3.2(d), two Payment Days (as defined in Condition 4.5) after the Maturity Date in respect of 
the first Extended Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c)
The Calculation Agent will cause the Extended Rate of Interest for and the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes for each Extended Interest Period and the relevant Extended Interest Payment Date to be 
forthwith notified to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, and for so long as the relevant Series of 
Notes is listed on a stock exchange, will cause the same to be published in accordance with Condition 11 
on or (in particular, in the case of the first Extended Interest Period) as soon as possible after the date 
of commencement of the relevant Extended Interest Period. 
(d)
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition, whether by the Reference Banks (or 
any of them) or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Reference Banks, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or negligence) no liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the 
Issuer, the Reference Banks or the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
them or any of them of their powers, duties and discretions. 
(e)
This Condition 3.3 shall only apply to a Series of Notes if the Issuer fails to redeem such Series of Notes 
(in full) at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Maturity 
Date and the maturity of such Notes is automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 5.2. 
3.4
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11. 
3.5
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 3.5 applies only if “Benchmark Discontinuation” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined.

--- Page 67 ---
60 
(a)
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.5(b)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if 
any (in accordance with Condition 3.5(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 3.5(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.5, shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the Holders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 3.5. 
(b)
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines 
that: 
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided 
in Condition 3.5(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Instruments (subject to the operation of this Condition 3.5); or 
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.5(c)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Instruments (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 3.5). 
(c)
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines 
(A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest 
(or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d)
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 3.5 and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.5(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Holders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.5(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Instruments are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.5 will be notified promptly by the Issuer, to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed 
by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer: 
(i)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendment, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 3.5; and 
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 68 ---
61 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(f)
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3.5(a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fall back provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply 
unless and until (i) an Independent Adviser is appointed and (ii) either a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate is determined, and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments are determined, in each 
case pursuant to this Condition 3.5. 
(g)
As used in this Condition 3.5: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as 
a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
(ii)
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
(or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), 
(iii)
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 3.5(b)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Instruments. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or 
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six 
months; or 
(v)
it has become unlawful for the Agent, any Paying Agent, the Issuer or any other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 69 ---
62 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 3.5(a). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4
Payments 
4.1
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b)
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
4.2
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in Condition 4.1 above against presentation and surrender of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 70 ---
63 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A 
Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued 
in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
4.3
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such 
Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment 
made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
4.4
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of 
such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in 
the manner provided above when due; 
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.5
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day
means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii)
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 71 ---
64 
(b)
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation, London and any 
Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
4.6
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6. 
5
Redemption and Purchase 
5.1
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date. 
5.2
Extension of Maturity to Extended Maturity Date 
(a)
If the Issuer notifies the Agent in accordance with Condition 5.2(f) below that it will not redeem a 
Series of Notes at their Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date, the maturity of the 
Outstanding principal amount of such Notes not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date will be 
automatically extended to the first Monthly Extended Maturity Date (as defined below). 
If the Issuer notifies the Agent in accordance with Condition 5.2(f) below that it will not redeem such 
Notes at their Final Redemption Amount in full on one Monthly Extended Maturity Date, the 
Outstanding principal amount of such Notes not redeemed in full on such Monthly Extended Maturity 
Date will be automatically extended to the immediately following Monthly Extended Maturity Date, 
provided that the maturity of any Note may not be extended beyond the date falling 365 calendar days 
after the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, on which date the Issuer shall redeem 
the Outstanding principal amount of such Notes in full at their Final Redemption Amount together with 
accrued but unpaid interest (the Final Extended Maturity Date). 
(b)
Any extension of the maturity of a Series of Notes under this Condition 5.2 shall be irrevocable and shall 
not give any Noteholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the 
Notes other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(c)
In the event of the extension of the maturity of a Series of Notes under this Condition 5.2, interest 
rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Notes from and including the Maturity Date 
to but excluding the Final Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with 
Condition 3.3. 
(d)
If the maturity of a Series of Notes is extended to the Final Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2, for so long as any of such Notes remain in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further 
Notes, unless the proceeds of issue of such Notes are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in 
whole or in part such Notes in accordance with the terms hereof.

--- Page 72 ---
65 
(e)
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2, Monthly Extended Maturity Date means each Interest Payment 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Final Extended Maturity Date. 
(f)
The Issuer shall give Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 11), the Agent and any Calculation 
Agent notice of whether or not it intends to redeem at their Final Redemption Amount all or part only 
of the Outstanding principal amount of a Series of Notes at least five Payment Days prior to the 
Maturity Date, the relevant Monthly Extended Maturity Date or, as applicable, the Final Extended 
Maturity Date. If a Note is redeemed after the Maturity Date pursuant to this Condition 5.2, the date on 
which such Note is redeemed in full is referred to in the Conditions as the Note Maturity Date. 
5.3
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and 
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to 
the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred 
to in Condition 5.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
5.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11; and 
(b)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of 
the Notes then Outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with

--- Page 73 ---
66 
Condition 11 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes Outstanding bears to the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes Outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such 
first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of 
the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
5.5
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a 
duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a 
Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the 
right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to 
the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if 
this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.5 shall be irrevocable. 
5.6
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.3 above, each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount
calculated as follows: 
(a)
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption 
Amount thereof; 
(b)
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue 
Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount;  
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.7
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. All Notes so purchased will be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
5.8
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all Coupons and Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased

--- Page 74 ---
67 
and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.7 above (together with all Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) 
shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a)
presented for payment in Finland; or 
(b)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in 
Condition 4.5); or 
(d)
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Holder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to the relevant tax authority. 
As used herein: 
(i)
Tax Jurisdiction means Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax; and 
(ii)
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any withholding or deduction imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the 
United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or 
deduction, a FATCA Withholding). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
7
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2.

--- Page 75 ---
68 
8
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
9
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a)
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 4.4. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of liquidation or bankruptcy, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor paying agent. 
If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents 
will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
10
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent 
or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet 
does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7. 
11
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will 
be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed 
to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes are held 
in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, such publication in such 
newspaper(s) may be substituted by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes

--- Page 76 ---
69 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
12
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution, Written Resolution or 
Electronic Consent (each as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or 
any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining Outstanding. The quorum for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution, Written Resolution or Electronic Consent is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being Outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions 
of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of 
the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
Outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being Outstanding. Any matter passed by way of 
Extraordinary Resolution, Written Resolution or Electronic Consent at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting (or did not participate in the 
process for obtaining the Written Resolution or Electronic Consent), and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a)
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders, in the sole opinion of the Issuer; or 
(b)
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law, in the sole opinion of the Issuer. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
13
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the Outstanding Notes. 
14
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act.

--- Page 77 ---
70 
15
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
15.1 Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for the provisions relating to coverage of 
the Notes pursuant to the MBA) and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for the provisions relating 
to coverage of the Notes pursuant to the MBA) and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. The provisions of the Notes relating to coverage of the Notes pursuant to the 
MBA are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Finnish law. 
15.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of 
England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum. The Noteholders and the Couponholders, may take any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons 
(including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes and the Coupons), against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
15.3 Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Elemental Process Agent Limited at its registered office at 27 Old Gloucester Street, 
London WC1N 3AX, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of 
Elemental Process Agent Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein 
shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
15.4 Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 78 ---
71 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer towards funding its lending activities 
in accordance with the MBA, and the Issuer’s general business principles as outlined below in “Description of 
OP Mortgage Bank” including, without limitation, the origination of Mortgage Loans and/or Public-Sector 
Loans, the financing or refinancing of the acquisition of Mortgage Loans and/or Public-Sector Loans from and 
the funding of Intermediary Loans to other members of OP Financial Group as well as the refinancing of 
previous issues of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 79 ---
72 
DESCRIPTION OF OP MORTGAGE BANK
General 
The Issuer was established as a mortgage credit bank under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks 
(Kiinnitysluottopankkilaki 1240/1999, as amended). The Memorandum of Association of the Issuer was 
subscribed and the constituent meeting was held on 14 April 2000. The previous act was revoked and the 
Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the 
MBA) entered into force on 1 August 2010. The Issuer operates as a mortgage credit bank 
(kiinnitysluottopankki) under the MBA. 
The legal name of the Issuer is OP-Asuntoluottopankki Oyj, the English translation of which is OP Mortgage 
Bank. The Issuer is incorporated as a public limited company in the Republic of Finland and the business 
identity code of the Issuer is 1614329-2. The Issuer’s domicile is Helsinki and its registered address is 
Gebhardinaukio 1, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland (telephone + 358 10 252 010). 
The Issuer operates pursuant to the MBA, the Amalgamations Act, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Laki 
luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014, as amended) (the Credit Institution Act) and the Finnish Companies Act 
(Osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as amended) (the Finnish Companies Act).
The Issuer’s share capital is sixty million euro (€60,000,000) and it comprises 76,592 shares. The Issuer is 
wholly owned by OP Cooperative. The Issuer is seen as an intermediate of funding of OP Financial Group, and 
it will be sufficiently capitalised by OP Cooperative to meet capital adequacy requirements. Due to the joint 
liability of the Member Credit Institutions, OP Financial Group’s own funds may also be seen as a capital buffer 
for the Issuer. 
The Issuer established this €10,000,000,000 euro medium term retained covered note programme (the 
Programme) pursuant to the MBA on 13 May 2020. The Issuer also has a separate €20,000,000,000 euro 
medium term covered note programme (the Public Note Programme).  OP Mortgage Bank may from time to 
time issue Notes under this Programme or notes under the Public Note Programme.
The Issuer’s intermediate loans and loan portfolio in total (the Loan Portfolio) increased to €15,597 million as 
at 31 March 2021 (compared to €15,326 million as at 31 December 2020). The Issuer issued Notes under the 
Programme for the first time in May 2021, when it issued three Notes in the aggregate amount of €3,000 
million. 
Mortgages collateralising Notes are entered onto the Register under the MBA, and can be marked for the 
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool or the Public Note Cover Asset Pool. The balance of Public Note Cover Asset 
Pool was €15,984 million as at 31 March 2021 (compared to €15,722 million as at 31 December 2020).  
Since 2015 Member Credit Institutions have been able to participate indirectly in the issue of covered notes by 
means of Intermediary Loans granted by the Issuer to such Member Credit Institutions. Mortgage Loans 
provided by the Member Credit Institutions as security for the covered notes may be entered onto the 
Register and marked for either the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool or the Public Note Cover Asset Pool.  Thus, 
the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool consists of mortgages in the balance sheet of both the respective 
Member Credit Institutions and the Issuer. An agreement-specific over-collateralisation can also be covered 
from the balance sheet of the Member Credit Institution. 
Earnings before tax were €1.2 million as at 31 March 2021 (€8.0 million as at 31 December 2020). The 
impairment loss on receivables was €0.4 million as at 31 March 2021 (€1,6 million as at 31 December 2020).  Last 
year the adoption of the new definition of default increased the amount of expected credit loss and 
impairment loss on receivables increased by €0.6 million in the first quarter of the year 2020. In the last quarter 
of the year 2020 the changes in macroeconomic parameters applied in the calculation of expected credit 
losses increased the amount of expected credit loss €0.3 million. During 2020, customers actively applied for 
repayment holidays on their loans as a result of the Covid-19 crisis. Combined with the changes in 
macroeconomic parameters applied in the calculation of expected credit losses, this increased the amount of 
expected credit losses.  
As at 31 March 2021, the Issuer had 7 employees. The Issuer purchases all essential support services from OP 
Cooperative and other OP Financial Group companies, which reduces the need for own staff.

--- Page 80 ---
73 
The Issuer’s goal is to finance a substantial share of OP Financial Group’s Mortgage Loan portfolio by issuing 
Notes.  
Funding 
The Issuer’s funding is based on Notes with mortgage loans, public-sector loans and, if needed, with 
supplementary collateral as collateral. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the total outstanding amount of 
notes issues under this Programme was €3,000 million. As at 31 March 2021, the total outstanding nominal 
amount of notes issued under the Public Note Programme was €13,415 million (€13,665 million at the end of 
2020).  
The Issuer also has a credit agreement with OP Corporate Bank. As at 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s balance sheet 
included financing loans drawn under this credit agreement in the amount of €2,200 million (€1,500 million at 
the end of 2020). 
The Issuer may from time to time issue N-Bonds which will rank pari passu among themselves, with all Notes 
issued under the Programme, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans in relation to the 
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool (see the “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks” section of 
this Base Prospectus). Any N-Bonds issued will be governed by, and construed in accordance with German law, 
except for the provisions relating to coverage of the Notes pursuant to the MBA which will be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, Finnish law. N-Bonds will not be issued under this Programme. N-Bonds 
may be offered to and privately placed with professional investors only. Any N-Bonds issued will not be listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or market. Any N-Bonds issued will not be placed in a clearing 
system. N-Bonds will be in German law registered form in definitive, certified form. Sale and purchase of N-
Bonds will take place through assignment and registration in the register kept by the registrar appointed by 
the Issuer (in relation to any N-Bonds) in relation to the holders of any N-Bonds (N-Bonds Register). Each 
person who is for the time being shown in the N-Bonds Register as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such N-Bonds may be treated as the holder of such nominal amount of such N-Bonds for all purposes. In 
November 2012, the Issuer launched an N-Bond under the Public Note Programme having a nominal value of 
€115 million. 
Change in main balance sheet and commitment items 
31 March 2021
31 December 2020
€ million 
Balance sheet 
16,336 
16,006 
Receivables from customers 
4,287 
4,536 
Debt securities issued to the public 
13,719 
14,095 
Liabilities to financial institutions 
2,200 
1,500 
Shareholders’ equity 
366 
371 
Receivables from customers decreased to €4,287 million in the three-month period from January to March 
2021 (€4,536 million as at 31 December 2020). During this period, the Issuer has not purchased housing loans 
from the Member Cooperative Banks. 
As at 31 March 2021, a total of 122 Member Cooperative Banks have intermediary loans from the Issuer, worth 
a total of €11,310 million (€10,790 million as at 31 December 2020).  
Households accounted for 99.9 per cent. of the credit portfolio at the end of March 2021 (99.9 per cent. as at 
31 December 2020) and corporate customers for 0.1 per cent. (0.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
The carrying amount of debt securities issued to the public under the Public Note Programme was €13,719 
million at the end of the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 (€14,095 million as at 31 December 2020). In 
addition to bonds and notes, OP Mortgage Bank financed its operations with financing loans drawn down

--- Page 81 ---
74 
from OP Corporate Bank plc. At the end of March 2021, financing loans amounted to €2,200 million (€1,500 
million as at 31 December 2020).
Shareholders’ equity decreased to €366 million as at 31 March 2021 (€371 million as at 31 December 2020). 
Retained earnings at the close of the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 were €60,710 million (€66,093 
million as at 31 December 2020). 
The Register 
All Mortgage Loans (including Mortgage Loans connected to an Intermediary Loan) and other Eligible Assets 
serving as collateral for covered notes are entered in the Register that the Issuer is required to maintain in 
relation to its covered notes, pursuant to Chapter 5 of the MBA. The Register must list, amongst other things, 
the covered notes and the Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and other Eligible Assets in the Cover Asset 
Pool, Intermediary Loans granted to Member Credit Institutions and any Derivative Transactions relating 
thereto. According to Section 20 of the MBA, if certain collateral secures specific covered notes, the Register 
shall indicate that such collateral is collateral for such covered notes only. The Issuer identifies collateral for 
Notes issued under this Programme by specifying that such collateral forms part of the Retained Note Cover 
Asset Pool.
Operational Model 
The Retained Note Cover Asset Pool may consist of Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans transferred from 
the Member Cooperative Banks pursuant to the Transfer and Servicing Agreements and/or registered 
pursuant to the Intermediary Loan Agreements and/or originated on the Issuer’s behalf by the Member 
Cooperative Banks. The Issuer’s Operational Model controls the make-up of the Retained Note Cover Asset 
Pool. The conditions of the agreements specified in this section may change from time to time.  
Summary of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements 
Under a Transfer and Servicing Agreement, a relevant Member Cooperative Bank shall sell and assign to the 
Issuer, and the Issuer shall purchase, loans for which the relevant Member Cooperative Bank is the original 
grantor and creditor. The Transfer and Servicing Agreements also stipulate the criteria that loans must meet 
before they are eligible to be transferred, and the procedures associated with the transfer of loans, as well as 
other rights, obligations and responsibilities of the parties to the transfer. Each Member Cooperative Bank 
shall sign the relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement on its own behalf. In a Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement all rights, obligations and risks associated with a loan are transferred from the relevant Member 
Cooperative Bank to the Issuer, including the collateral given for the transferred Mortgage Loan and all rights 
to the receivables associated with the loan. The Transfer and Servicing Agreements require that the collateral 
granted for a transferred Mortgage Loan must cover the principal amount of the loan transferred to the Issuer. 
Therefore, the Member Cooperative Bank that originally granted the Mortgage Loan is entitled to grant new 
loans against the same collateral only to the extent that the Issuer’s right to the collateral has a higher-ranking 
priority, and the rights to such collateral associated with the new loans are subordinated to the rights of the 
Issuer.  
Each Member Cooperative Bank that has entered into a Transfer and Servicing Agreement with the Issuer may 
act as an agent of the Issuer, to negotiate and grant loans directly from the balance sheet of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, each Transfer and Servicing Agreement addresses, among other things, the duties of the 
relevant Member Cooperative Bank in the loan approval process and customer service during the term of the 
loan, as well as the processes related to customers’ payment delays. Agent fees and provisions relating to 
inspections and inquiries in respect of the loans are also set out in the Transfer and Servicing Agreements. 
Summary of the Intermediary Loan Agreements 
In accordance with the MBA, the Issuer may grant an Intermediary Loan to a Member Cooperative Bank on 
the following terms and conditions:

--- Page 82 ---
75 
(a)
the Intermediary Loan must be entered in the Register and the underlying Mortgage Loans or Public-
Sector Loans of the relevant Member Cooperative Bank must also be entered in the Register and 
marked for the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool; 
(b)
after the Notes have become due or after the Issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy 
proceedings, the Issuer, or its estate in bankruptcy, must have a right to receive payment under a 
Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in the Register pursuant to an Intermediary Loan in the 
manner described above, either through an assignment of the relevant Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector 
Loan (as the case may be) or by collecting payments made under the Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector 
Loan in accordance with its terms and conditions;  
(c)
the Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans of the relevant Member Cooperative Bank entered in the 
Register as collateral pursuant to the Intermediary Loan are subject to the provisions regarding third-
party collateral in Sections 28-30 and Section 40 of the Finnish Act on Guarantee and Third-Party 
Collateral (Laki takauksesta ja vierasvelkapanttauksesta 361/1999, as amended); 
(d)
the Issuer has the obligation to apply payments from Intermediary Loans exclusively towards payment 
of its obligations under the Notes or against a right of recourse of the relevant Member Cooperative 
Bank caused by payment or assignment of a Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan registered as 
collateral; and 
(e)
a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan that has been entered in the Register as collateral pursuant to 
an Intermediary Loan can only be removed from the Register or released to the extent that the 
Intermediary Loan has been repaid. 
Summary of the Outsourcing Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into certain outsourcing agreements (the Outsourcing Agreements) in order to ensure 
that certain duties, which require expertise, are outsourced to the professionals in OP Financial Group. OP 
Financial Group has outsourced part of application development and maintenance. 
The Issuer and OP Corporate Bank have entered into an agreement whereby the Issuer’s market risk and 
short-term liquidity management are outsourced to OP Corporate Bank. The purpose of this agreement is to 
ensure that the market rate risk connected with the Issuer’s loan portfolio and its impact on earnings will be 
transferred to OP Corporate Bank. The transfer of risk to OP Corporate Bank will be done by means of an 
interest rate swap which is marked to market on a daily basis. OP Corporate Bank also manages the Issuer’s 
liquidity position, providing the necessary cover on the Issuer’s current account within the frames of the 
financing credit which the Issuer has with OP Corporate Bank. 
The other significant outsourced service is the collection of amounts payable in respect of the Issuer’s loans, 
which is described in detail under the paragraph “The Ability to Enforce and Collect” below. 
Loan Approval Process 
Contact with customers in respect of the loans granted by the Member Cooperative Banks will be dealt with 
by the Member Cooperative Banks. The Member Cooperative Bank sells, negotiates, and makes the decision 
on granting the relevant loans. The Member Cooperative Bank observes all currently valid rules and 
regulations of the applicable authorities (such as the FIN-FSA), OP Cooperative and the Issuer in granting the 
loans. 
The Member Cooperative Banks also produce the loan and collateral documentation and deposit the 
documents in accordance with the rules and regulations mentioned above. The Member Cooperative Banks 
are responsible for the documentation being correctly produced and legally binding. The Member Cooperative 
Banks are entitled to sign the customary agreements and notices in respect of the customer’s loan 
management, such as signing the secondary pledge commitments to third parties and receiving pledge 
notices, on behalf of the Issuer. 
The relevant Member Cooperative Bank may agree changes to the terms and conditions of the loan in 
accordance with specific instructions given by the Issuer or the Member Cooperative Bank itself. The Member 
Cooperative Banks manage the customer relations with the debtors and they are responsible for maintaining

--- Page 83 ---
76 
the customer register. In accordance with the Finnish Promissory Notes Act (Velkakirjalaki, 622/1947, as 
amended) (the Finnish Promissory Notes Act) the promissory notes of the loans remain in the custody of the 
relevant Member Cooperative Bank, but they are held on behalf of the Issuer. This custody arrangement is 
binding and effective with respect of each Member Cooperative Bank’s creditors.
Risk Management 
The objective of the Issuer’s risk management is to ensure that the Issuer is not exposed to excessive risk that 
might endanger its profitability, solvency or continuity of operations. Credit risk is managed through customer 
selection and by only granting Mortgage Loans that are backed by collateral. 
The risk management of the Issuer will be developed as part of OP Financial Group’s risk management. Within 
OP Financial Group, risk management methods and information systems will be purposefully developed on the 
basis of OP Financial Group’s business needs, observing any changes in the operating environment and 
requirements imposed by official regulations. 
The Issuer has a policy of risk management principles and rules which are conducted from OP Financial 
Group’s corresponding principles. OP Cooperative’s Board of Directors has set risk limits for the Issuer’s 
capital adequacy and key risk types. The Board of Directors of the Issuer has confirmed the internal risk 
guidelines, procedures and limits for different types of risks of the Issuer. Risk reports are provided to the 
management of the Issuer on a monthly basis. The Issuer uses derivative contracts to hedge against interest 
rate risk. The counterparty to all derivative contracts is OP Corporate Bank. The Issuer has set measurement 
methods and maximum risk levels in order to control and evaluate these risks periodically. 
The centralised risk management of OP Cooperative is responsible for conducting internal supervision and risk 
management of the Issuer. The Internal Audit of OP Cooperative is responsible for auditing the Issuer in 
accordance with the applicable standards of internal auditing. It also assesses whether the risk management 
system is adequate and up-to-date. OP Cooperative provides OP Financial Group’s entities with guidelines for 
risk management and ensures, through supervision, that the entities operate in accordance with official 
regulations, their own rules, guidelines issued by OP Cooperative and procedures appropriate for customer 
relationships. Operational decisions and the related risk management fall within the responsibility of the 
relevant company. The managing director and the Board of Directors of the relevant company are responsible 
for the risk management. 
For further information on the risks, see “Risk Factors – Factors that may Affect the Issuer’s Ability to Fulfil its 
Obligations under Notes Issued under the Programme”. 
Valuation of Collateral 
For so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that in accordance with the 
requirements of the MBA, the value of a Mortgage Loan acquired by the Issuer either directly or through an 
Intermediary Loan does not exceed the current value of the relevant property or the shares of the property 
owning company, as applicable. 
The current value of Residential Property or Commercial Property shall be evaluated in accordance with good 
real estate practice applicable to credit institutions and in accordance with provisions on the management of 
capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. 
In addition to the current value principle of the MBA, the collateral for a Mortgage Loan is also valued 
according to the principles of securing collateral used within OP Financial Group, pursuant to which collateral 
is considered “securing collateral” when its value has been assessed with care and caution in accordance with 
good banking practice, and in compliance with the regulations and guidelines provided by the authorities and 
OP Cooperative. 
Collateral valuation must be based on a justified and cautious estimate of the value of the collateral at the 
time of evaluation. Any speculative expectation of the increase in value of the asset provided as collateral 
must not be taken into account when assessing the value of the collateral. 
The credit institutions within OP Financial Group, including the Issuer, apply the internal ratings based 
approach (IRBA) to calculate their level of own funds. According to the IRBA (as implemented in Finland), the

--- Page 84 ---
77 
valuation of real estate collateral must meet with certain conditions for the relevant exposure to qualify as 
exposure secured by real estate property.  
Within OP Financial Group, the property market is monitored on a frequent basis and at least once every year 
for commercial real estate and once every three years for residential real estate. More frequent monitoring is 
carried out where the market is subject to significant changes in conditions. Statistical methods may be used 
to monitor the value of the property and to identify property that needs revaluation.  
The property valuation is reviewed by an independent valuer when information indicates that the value of 
a certain property may have declined materially relative to general market prices. For loans exceeding €3 
million or 5 per cent. of the funds of the Member Cooperative Bank, the property valuation is reviewed by an 
independent valuer at least every three years.  
Any revised value in respect of a Property based on such revaluation will be entered into the Register.  
Origination Criteria 
The Origination Criteria are the criteria for the content of the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool, setting out the 
general minimum requirements for individual loans and outlining what type of loans may and may not be 
transferred (directly or indirectly through Intermediary Loans) in the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. The 
Origination Criteria are described in more detail in the section below entitled “Characteristics of the Retained 
Note Qualifying Cover Asset Pool”. 
Risk Classification of the Borrowers 
Before granting a Mortgage Loan, the relevant Member Cooperative Bank is obliged to analyse the borrower’s 
creditworthiness pursuant to OP Financial Group’s currently valid instructions. The borrower’s solvency must 
be sufficient in relation to the Mortgage Loan to be granted. Also, the borrower’s payment behaviour class is 
assessed based on internal and external data on the borrower’s payment defaults and changes in payment 
plans 
The assessment of the creditworthiness of a borrower is based on the existing customer relationship, in the 
case of an existing customer, as well as an analysis of the borrower’s ability and willingness to repay the debt. 
The liquidity of the customer is verified by stress testing the ability to repay in case of a significant interest rate 
rise.  
The Ability to Enforce and Collect 
The relevant Member Cooperative Bank is obliged to monitor the borrower’s creditworthiness and solvency 
and notify the Issuer immediately of any material negative changes in the creditworthiness and solvency of 
the borrower. 
The receivables relating to the Mortgage Loans will usually be collected by the centralised collection unit of 
OP Financial Group on behalf of the Issuer. The claim and collateral documents, as well as the provision 
calculation, will be delivered to the collection unit. This collection unit administers the collection proceedings 
according to its standard procedures (which are notice of termination of the loan, application for an order to 
pay, execution and liquidation of the collateral). The successfully collected amount will be credited as a 
deduction of the loan. 
The Issuer as Part of OP Financial Group 
The Issuer is part of OP Financial Group, which is composed of OP Cooperative, which serves as the central 
body of OP Financial Group, and its subsidiaries and Member Cooperative Banks. For further information on 
OP Financial Group, see “Description of OP Financial Group and the Loan Originators” below. 
The Issuer serves as the mortgage bank of OP Financial Group and its purpose is to issue Notes with mortgage 
collateral in accordance with the MBA. The Issuer transfers collateral of housing loans originated by Member 
Cooperative Banks to its cover pool via intermediary loan process. The Issuer does not have an independent 
lending role in OP Financial Group’s customer business.

--- Page 85 ---
78 
The Member Cooperative Banks manage customer relationships and loans locally. The Member Cooperative 
Banks that have signed the Transfer and Servicing Agreement may, within certain limits, decide on housing 
loans to be granted to households on behalf of the Issuer. Since March 2016, however, this procedure has not 
been in use. 
At the end of March 2021, all of the Member Cooperative Banks (135 at the end of March 2021) had signed a 
Transfer and Servicing Agreement with the Issuer. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is comprised of the following members: 
Chairman: 
Mr Vesa Aho 
Chief Financial Officer, OP Cooperative 
Members: 
Mr Lauri Iloniemi 
Head of Group Treasury and Asset and 
Liability Management, OP Corporate Bank 
plc 
Ms Kaisu Christie 
Head of Retail Customer Financing and 
Housing related Services, OP Cooperative 
Ms Sanna Eriksson serves as Managing Director. Mr Tuomas Ruotsalainen, Senior Covered Bonds Manager, 
serves as Deputy to Managing Director. 
The business address for each member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is Gebhardinaukio 1, FI-00510 
Helsinki, Finland. 
In respect of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors, there are no potential conflicts between their 
duties to the Issuer and their other duties or private interests.

--- Page 86 ---
79 
DESCRIPTION OF OP FINANCIAL GROUP AND THE LOAN ORIGINATORS 
Structure of OP Financial Group, as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The picture includes only the most 
significant subsidiaries. 
OP Financial Group and OP Cooperative 
OP Financial Group consists of OP Amalgamation, the insurance business segment and certain non-financial 
companies supporting the core business lines. The financial arm of OP Financial Group constitutes a statutory 
amalgamation of deposit banks within the meaning of Article 10 of the CRR and the Amalgamations Act. The 
Amalgamations Act, the Credit Institution Act, the Act on Cooperative Banks and Other Cooperative Credit 
Institutions in the Form of a Cooperative (Laki osuuspankeista ja muista osuuskuntamuotoisista luottolaitoksista 
423/2013, as amended) (the Cooperative Bank Act), and the Act on Cooperatives (Osuuskuntalaki 421/2013, as 
amended) establish the main legal framework for cooperative banking applicable to OP Financial Group. 
Pursuant to the Amalgamations Act, OP Amalgamation comprises (a) OP Cooperative (in Finnish, OP 
Osuuskunta) as OP Financial Group’s central body within the meaning of Article 10 of the CRR, (b) OP 
Corporate Bank plc as central bank of OP Financial Group, (c) other Member Credit Institutions described 
below, (d) subsidiaries of OP Cooperative whish are financial institutions or ancillary services undertakings as 
well as (e) potentially other credit and financial institutions and ancillary services undertakings in which one or 
more of the above-mentioned entities alone or jointly hold a total of more than half of the total votes. The 
extent of OP Financial Group differs from that of OP Amalgamation in that OP Financial Group subsumes 
companies other than credit and financial institutions or service companies. The most important of these are 
the insurance companies with which the amalgamation forms a financial and insurance conglomerate. 
In accordance with Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Amalgamations Act, the Member Credit Institutions consist of 
the Issuer, OP Corporate Bank plc, OP Retail Customers plc (formerly OP-Card Company Plc) and as at 31 
March 2021, 133 member cooperative banks, including Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank (the Member 
Cooperative Banks). These Member Credit Institutions and OP Cooperative are responsible for each other’s 
liabilities and commitments in accordance with the Amalgamations Act. The Supervisory Board of OP 
Cooperative takes decisions on admitting new members.

--- Page 87 ---
80 
OP Financial Group does not form a corporate group as defined in the Finnish Accounting Act (Kirjanpitolaki 
1336/1997, as amended) or a consolidation group as defined in the Credit Institution Act. OP Financial Group is 
supervised on a consolidated basis for the purposes of Prudential Regulation. OP Financial Group has been 
supervised by the European Central Bank (the ECB) since 4 November 2014. 
The Issuer is a Member Credit Institution and a wholly owned subsidiary of OP Cooperative. 
Business of OP Financial Group 
The companies belonging to OP Financial Group are engaged in financial services and related operations in 
accordance with the internal division of responsibilities within OP Financial Group, mainly in the domestic 
market. The Member Cooperative Banks concentrate on customer-centred business. 
OP Cooperative acts as the entire OP Financial Group’s strategic owner institution and as a central body in 
charge of Group control, Group steering and supervision.  
Based on a decision made by the Supervisory Board of OP Cooperative on 6 June 2018, the core of OP Financial 
Group’s business is banking and insurance business. Banking was divided into two areas of responsibility. The 
first one comprises private customer services and cooperation with the Member Cooperative Banks. The 
second area of responsibility in banking is Corporate and Institutional Customers. Insurance Business includes 
non-life and life insurance business for private and corporate customers, as well as health and wellbeing 
business. OP Financial Group began financial reporting based on its new segments as of the first interim report 
of 2019. 
At its meeting on 12 June 2019, the Supervisory Board of OP Financial Group's central cooperative, OP 
Cooperative, confirmed OP Financial Group's updated strategy. OP Financial Group has adopted a new type of 
strategy process in which it assesses, reshapes and implements its strategy on an ongoing basis. OP Financial 
Group will systematically assess its business environment and operating model to be able to make and 
implement new strategic choices when needed.  
On 30 October 2019, OP Cooperative’s Supervisory Board confirmed OP Financial Group's strategic long-term 
targets. The targets entered into force as of 1 January 2020. 
OP Financial Group’s strategic targets 
31 Mar 2021
31 Dec 2020
Target 2025
Return on equity (ROE) excluding OP bonuses, % ..............
7.6 
6.6 
8.0
CET1 ratio, %...........................................................................
18.1 
18.9 
At least CET1
requirement
+ 4 pps
Brand recommendations, NPS (Net Promoter Score, 
private and corporate customers) .......................................
20 
23 
30
Credit rating ..........................................................................
AA-/Aa3
AA-/Aa3
At least at the 
level of AA-
/Aa3
On 27 April 2020, OP Cooperative’s Board of Directors decided that OP Financial Group’s long-term strategic 
target for the CET1 ratio be at least the CET1 capital adequacy requirement plus four percentage points. The 
CET1 target calculated by applying the March-end capital adequacy requirement, which was 13.7% 
At its meeting on 13 August 2020, OP Cooperative's Supervisory Council confirmed OP Financial Group's 
updated strategy. The strategy specifies key tasks for achieving OP Financial Group’s vision and defines its 
strategic priorities for 2021. 
OP Financial Group has a strategy process in which it assesses, reshapes and implements its strategy on an 
ongoing basis.

--- Page 88 ---
81 
OP Financial Group systematically assesses its business environment and operating model to be able to make 
and implement new strategic choices when needed. 
OP Financial Group’s strategic priorities for 2021 are as follows: 
• 
Best customer experience  
• 
More benefit for owner-customers 
• 
Excellent employee experience  
• 
Faster growth in revenue than in expenses  
• 
Productive development 
• 
More efficient, higher quality operations. 
The priorities reviewed annually will help achieve the shared vision and guide all actions. OP Financial Group’s 
vision is to be the leading and most appealing financial services group in Finland. 
OP Financial Group had a total of 2.0 million (2.0) owner customers at the end of March 2021. 
At the end of March 2021, the number of banking customers totalled 3.6 million (3.6). Retail Banking had a 
total of 3.3 million customers (3.3) and Corporate Banking 0.3 million customers (0.3). OP Financial Group has 
a multichannel service network comprising branch, online, mobile and telephone services. OP -mobile, the 
main channel for customers’ daily banking, has more than 1.2 million (1.2) active users. It provides personal 
customer service both at branches and digitally. OP Financial Group seeks to provide the best multichannel 
customer experience in the sector by creating ongoing and relevant encounters in all channels. OP Financial 
Group has an extensive branch network with 337 branches at the end of March 2021 (342) at the end of March 
2020) across the country.
At the end of March 2021, OP Financial Group had a payroll of 12,758 employees. OP Financial Group has 
funded assets of its pension schemes through OP Bank Group Pension Foundation and insurance companies. 
Schemes related to supplementary pensions in the Pension Foundation and insurance company are treated as 
defined benefit plans. Contributions to the TyEL pay-as-you-go system are treated as defined contribution 
plans. OP Bank Group Pension Fund transferred the majority of its pension liability and the management of 
earnings-related pension insurance portfolio to Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company on 31 December 
2018. Transfer of the pension liability remaining with OP Bank Group Pension Fund took place on 31 December 
2020.  
OP Financial Group’s Key Indicators 
Q1/2021
Q1/2020
Change, %
Q1–4/2020
Earnings before tax, € million ..................... 
265 
129
105.6 
785
   Retail Banking .......................................... 
66 
8
771.1 
115
   Corporate Banking ................................... 
115 
14
745.2 
349
   Insurance .................................................. 
117 
59
98.0 
348
   Other Operations ..................................... 
-22 
57
-138.2 
3
New OP bonuses accrued to owner-
customers, € million .................................... 
-51 
-65
-20.9 
-255
Return on equity (ROE), % .......................... 
6.5 
3.1
3.4* 
5.0
Return on equity, excluding OP bonuses, 
% ...................................................................
7.6 
4.7
3.0* 
6.6
Return on assets (ROA), % .......................... 
0.52 
0.26
0.26* 
0.42
Return on assets, excluding OP bonuses, 
% ................................................................... 
0.61 
0.39
0.22* 
0.55

--- Page 89 ---
82 
Q1/2021
Q1/2020
Change, %
Q1–4/2020
31 Mar 2021 
31 Mar 2020
Change, % 
31 Dec 2020
CET1 ratio, %  ................................................ 
18.1 
17.7
0.5* 
18.9
Loan portfolio, € billion............................... 
93.8 
93.0
0.9 
93.6
Deposits, € billion ........................................ 
71.3 
64.8
10.0 
70.9
Ratio of non-performing receivables to 
exposures, %** ............................................
2.4 
2.0
0.4* 
2.5
Ratio of impairment loss on receivables 
to loan and guarantee portfolio, % 
0.09 
0.44
-0.35* 
0.23
Owner-customers (1,000)  .......................... 
2,032 
2,007
1.3 
2,025
*Change in ratio 
**The name and content of the ratio was changed in Q1/2021. Comparatives have been adjusted accordingly. 
More detailed information on the change can be found under table “Forborne loans and non-performing 
receivables” in the Risk exposure section of OP Financial Group’s Interim Report. 
Member Cooperative Banks 
The Member Cooperative Banks are independent, local deposit banks that are engaged in retail banking. In 
their area of operations they offer modern and competitive banking services to household customers, small 
and medium-sized business customers, agricultural and forestry customers and to the public sector.  
Joint Liability in OP Financial Group 
Under the Amalgamations Act, OP Cooperative as the central body is responsible for steering the OP 
Amalgamation and issuing instructions to the Member Credit Institutions of the OP Amalgamation and other 
entities belonging to the OP Amalgamation on the qualitative requirements to secure their liquidity, capital 
adequacy, risk management, corporate governance and internal control as well as on compliance with 
standardised accounting policies in the preparation of OP Financial Group's consolidated financial statements. 
OP Cooperative also supervises the Member Credit Institutions and other entities belonging to the OP 
Amalgamation to ensure that they comply with the applicable rules and regulations governing financial 
markets any provisions issued by the relevant supervising authorities, their statutes and articles of 
associations and the instructions issued by the central body by virtue of Section 17 of the Amalgamations Act.  
The obligation to issue guidelines and exercise supervision does not, however, give OP Cooperative the power 
to determine the business operations of the Member Credit Institutions. Each Member Credit Institution thus 
carries on its business independently.  
Pursuant to the Amalgamations Act, the Member Credit Institutions and OP Cooperative are jointly liable for 
each other’s liabilities in accordance with the following principles: 
a)
A creditor of a Member Credit Institution can directly claim from OP Cooperative any liability of the 
Member Credit Institution for which the creditor has not received a payment from the Member 
Credit Institution on the due date.   
b)
OP Cooperative is entitled to receive a repayable loan from the other Member Credit Institutions for 
the amount it has paid on behalf of a Member Credit institution in the case described in point a) 
above. Each Member Credit Institutions’ share of the loan is calculated on the basis of the 
proportionate share of its last confirmed balance sheet total of the aggregate balance sheet total of 
all the Member Credit institutions.  
In addition to the joint liability between the Member Credit Institutions and OP Cooperative, a Member Credit 
Institution has, in the insolvency of OP Cooperative, an unlimited liability to pay the debts of OP Cooperative in 
accordance with the Cooperatives Act.

--- Page 90 ---
83 
If a Member Credit Institution fails to meet its regulatory capital requirement, OP Cooperative is entitled to 
receive a repayable loan from the other Member Credit Institutions to be used for support actions to prevent 
liquidation of the Member Credit Institution. The annual aggregate amount of the payments collected from 
the Member Credit Institutions on this basis may in each accounting period be a maximum amount of five 
thousandths of the last confirmed balance sheet total of each Member Credit Institution. 
However, the Notes issued under the Programme (along with Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy 
Liquidity Loans) have a statutory priority over the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. Under Section 25 of the 
MBA, this priority is limited to 70 per cent. in respect of Mortgage Loans and 60 per cent. in respect of 
Commercial Loans of the current value of the Property which stands as collateral for such Mortgage Loans. In 
the case of the liquidation of any Member Credit Institution other than the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer 
entered on the Register as supporting the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool will not be available to cover such 
other Member Credit Institution’s obligations until the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes have been 
satisfied in accordance with the percentages described above.  
The statutory priority of the Noteholders to the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool is not affected by the joint 
liability of the Member Credit Institutions and OP Cooperative. However, if the assets in the Retained Note 
Cover Asset Pool would not be sufficient to cover the payments to the Noteholders, the Noteholders would 
be treated as normal senior creditors. In such case the Noteholders could demand payment from OP 
Cooperative. 
OP Financial Group’s insurance companies and OP-Services Ltd do not fall within the scope of joint liability. 
Public Supervision of OP Financial Group 
OP Cooperative and OP Amalgamation are supervised by the ECB. In addition to the public supervision, OP 
Cooperative as the central body of OP Amalgamation has a statutory responsibility to exercise oversight over 
OP Amalgamation and ensure that the Member Credit Institutions and other entities belonging to OP 
Amalgamation operate in compliance with the laws, decrees and regulations issued by the relevant authorities 
governing financial markets, their own bylaws or articles of associations and the instructions issued by OP 
Cooperative by virtue of the Amalgamations Act. Furthermore, OP Cooperative supervises the financial 
position of the Member Credit Institutions and other regulated entities within OP Amalgamation. The ECB 
supervises OP Cooperative to ensure that it fulfils its supervisory responsibilities in respect of the Member 
Credit Institutions and other entities belonging to OP Amalgamation.  
In addition, OP Financial Group as a whole is subject to the supplementary supervision pursuant to Directive 
2002/87/EC on the supplementary supervision of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and investment 
firms in a financial conglomerate (the Financial Conglomerates Directive). 
Principal Subsidiaries 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
OP Corporate Bank plc (OP Corporate Bank, formerly Pohjola Bank plc) is OP Cooperative’s largest subsidiary. 
OP Corporate Bank, with its subsidiaries, is a financial services group that provides banking and non-life 
insurance services. OP Corporate Bank acts as OP Financial Group’s central bank and together with OP 
Mortgage Bank, manages OP Financial Group’s liquidity and international funding.  
In 2014, OP Cooperative completed its public voluntary bid and gained ownership of all Pohjola Bank shares by 
decision of the Arbitral Tribunal in accordance with Chapter 18, Section 6 of the Finnish Companies Act. 
In 2013, OP Corporate Bank’s subsidiary OP Insurance Ltd (currently known as Pohjola Insurance Ltd) founded 
a hospital, Omasairaala Oy, for outpatient surgery specialising in the examination and treatment of 
orthopaedic diseases and injuries. In August 2016, Omasairaala Oy changed its name to Pohjola Health Ltd. 
Pohjola Hospitals are located in Helsinki, Tampere, Oulu, Kuopio and Turku, and they focus on orthopaedics 
and sports clinic activities.  
Since 1 June 2019, OP Insurance Ltd has been known as Pohjola Insurance Ltd. At the same time, Pohjola 
Health Ltd was renamed Pohjola Hospital Ltd, and it currently focuses on the development of its hospital 
operations and business in the future, and will not open new medical centres as specified in its previous plan.

--- Page 91 ---
84 
Eurooppalainen Insurance Company Ltd merged into Pohjola Insurance Ltd on 31 October 2019. A-Insurance 
Ltd merged into Pohjola Insurance Ltd on 31 March 2020. 
OP Corporate Bank’s custody, clearing and depository business was transferred to its subsidiary, OP Custody 
Ltd, on 1 November 2019.  
On 10 February 2021, OP Corporate Bank plc and its Baltic subsidiaries OP Finance AS (Estonia), OP Finance SIA 
(Latvia) and AB OP Finance (Lithuania) signed a merger plan whereby the Baltic subsidiaries will merge into 
their parent company OP Corporate Bank plc through a cross-border merger. The planned date for 
registration of the merger is 31 October 2021. 
OP Financial Group is planning a restructuring whereby Pohjola Insurance Ltd would be transferred from the 
ownership of OP Corporate Bank plc to the direct ownership of OP Cooperative. OP Financial Group 
announced the plan for the first time in 2014. The specific manner or schedule to implement such restructuring 
has not yet been decided. 
OP Asset Management Ltd 
OP Asset Management Ltd offers a broad range of comprehensive asset management services, discretionary 
portfolio management and consultative asset management services for Finnish institutions and wealthy 
private individuals and families.  
OP-Services Ltd  
OP-Services Ltd provides, develops and maintains services needed by OP Financial Group companies.  
OP Mortgage Bank 
OP Mortgage Bank acting via the Member Credit Institutions transfers collateral of housing loans originated 
by Member Cooperative Banks to its cover pool via intermediary loan process. The bank finances its 
operations by issuing covered notes with mortgage collateral. For further information, see “Description of OP 
Mortgage Bank” above. 
Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank 
Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank (formerly known as Helsinki OP Bank Ltd) is engaged in retail banking in the 
Helsinki Metropolitan Area. On 1 April, 2016, Helsinki OP Bank Ltd was converted from a limited liability 
company to a cooperative bank and renamed Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank. OP Cooperative exercises 
dominant influence, as defined in Chapter 1, Section 5 of the Accounting Act, over Helsinki Area Cooperative 
Bank. OP Financial Group announced its plan on 26 May 2021 to establish a new Member Cooperative Bank in 
the Helsinki Metropolitan Area and Uusimaa region by a merger of three Member Cooperative Banks, Helsinki 
Area Cooperative Bank, Itä-Uudenmaan Osuuspankki and Uudenmaan Osuuspankki. If the merger is realised, 
the new Member Cooperative Bank would start operating by the end of 2022. 
OP Life Assurance Company Ltd 
OP Life Assurance Company Ltd runs OP Financial Group’s life and pension insurance operations in a 
centralised manner. It also sees to their development. The company’s portfolio includes life, pension, 
investment and term insurance services. 
OP Fund Management Company Ltd 
OP Fund Management Company Ltd manages OP Financial Group’s mutual funds. In selling fund units, the 
company uses the Member Banks and Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank’s service network, as well as OP 
Financial Group’s online services. 
OP Retail Customers plc 
OP Retail Customers plc (formerly OP Card Company Plc) provides unsecured consumer loans to the Member 
Cooperative Banks’ private customers. OP Customer Services Ltd merged into OP Card Company Plc 30 
November 2019. The name of the company changed on 1 June 2021 from OP Card Company Plc to OP Retail 
Customers plc. 
Pivo Wallet Oy 
Pivo Wallet Oy has launched several mobile payment methods.

--- Page 92 ---
85 
Checkout Finland Oy 
Checkout Finland Oy provides payment services for Finnish webshops. Checkout Finland Oy was acquired by 
Paytrail Oyj, a part of Nets Group, in January 2021. The sale was completed on 30 April 2021. 
Other Institutions 
OP Bank Group Pension Foundation 
OP Bank Group Pension Foundation handles supplementary pension security for persons covered by it. 
OP Bank Group Pension Fund 
OP Bank Group Pension Fund completed the transfer of its pension liability and the management of earnings-
related pension insurance portfolio to Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company in 2020.  
Management 
Management of OP Cooperative 
The current management structure of OP Cooperative consists of the Cooperative Meeting, the Supervisory 
Council, the Board of Directors and the President and Group Chief Executive Officer. The Cooperative Meeting 
is the highest decision-making body of OP Cooperative. The Board of Directors controls and supervises the 
operations of OP Cooperative as the central cooperative and the whole OP Financial Group. Without prejudice 
to the supervisory obligation of the Board of Directors, the general duties of the Supervisory Council include 
supervising the governance of OP Cooperative which is managed by and the responsibility of the Board of 
Directors and the President and Group Chief Executive Officer acting as the CEO. This governance structure 
has been in place since 1 January 2020  
Current Management Structure  
Cooperative Meeting 
The Cooperative Meeting is OP Cooperative's highest decision-making body. The Annual Cooperative Meeting 
confirms the financial statements, elects the members of the Supervisory Council and the auditor and 
approves possible amendments to the bylaws. 
The members of OP Cooperative, i.e. the representatives of the Member Credit Institution, exercise decision-
making power at the cooperative meeting. 
OP Financial Group’s Nomination Committee assists in matters related to the nomination and appointment of 
the Supervisory Council members. 
Supervisory Council 
OP Cooperative’s Supervisory Council comprises of thirty-six (36) members elected by the Cooperative 
Meeting. The members are elected from the regions of the Federations of Member Cooperative Banks so that 
six members are elected from each Federation, four of whom are members of the governing bodies of the 
Federation’s member banks and two are managing directors. 
The general duties of the Supervisory Council include supervising the governance of OP Cooperative for which 
the Board of Directors and the President and Group Chief Executive Officer are responsible, without prejudice 
to the supervisory obligation of the Board of Directors. The Supervisory Council is tasked with confirming 
decisions of the Board of Directors that are far-reaching or important by principle or financially significant to 
OP Financial Group. 
The Supervisory Council appoints the members of the Board of Directors as well as the President and Group 
Chief Executive Officer acting as the CEO, and his/her deputy. The Council also carries out other duties 
stipulated for it in the bylaws of OP Cooperative. The Supervisory Council has a Supervisory Council 
Nomination Committee and it may set up other Supervisory Council preparatory bodies to prepare matters 
discussed at a Supervisory Council meeting.

--- Page 93 ---
86 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors comprises of the incumbent President and Group Chief Executive Officer and nine to 
thirteen (9–13) other members appointed by the Supervisory Council. A minimum of four members of the 
Board of Directors must be independent of OP Cooperative and the other OP Financial Group companies. 
The Board of Directors is tasked with:  
1)
controlling the operations of OP Cooperative, OP Cooperative Consolidated, the amalgamation and the 
entire OP Financial Group in accordance with the Supervisory Council instructions and managing the 
administration and due organisation of the operations of OP Cooperative in accordance with all relevant 
regulations and official instructions and decisions, and being responsible for ensuring that supervision of 
OP Cooperative’s accounting and financial management is duly organised (administrative duty); and 
2)
supervising OP Cooperative, its subsidiaries and the companies within the amalgamation that they act on 
the applicable laws, orders and decisions, on their bylaws or articles of association and on the principles 
confirmed by the central cooperative’s Supervisory Council and Board of Directors and the instructions 
they have issued (supervisory duty). 
The Board of Directors appoints OP Cooperative’s Chief Audit Executive, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Compliance 
Officer and other directors reporting directly to the President and Group Chief Executive Officer. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of the following members: Jaakko 
Pehkonen (Chair, D.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.)), Jarna Heinonen (Vice Chair, D.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.)), Leif 
Enberg (M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.), Certified Board Member & Chair), Jari Himanen (Diploma in Business and 
Administration, eMBA), Kati Levoranta (LL.M., MBA), Pekka Loikkanen (M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.)), Tero 
Ojanperä (M.Sc. (Eng.); D.Sc. (Tech.)), Riitta Palomäki (M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.)), Timo Ritakallio (D.Sc. 
(Tech.), LL.M, MBA), Olli Tarkkanen (LL.M, eMBA) and Mervi Väisänen (M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.), Certified 
Board Member & Chair). These members bring strong strategic business experience and knowledge of the 
regulation and the business environment to the Board of Directors. 
OP Cooperative’s Board of Directors has a statutory Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Risk 
Committee and Audit Committee whose composition and duties are prescribed in the bylaws of OP 
Cooperative and whose duties in greater detail are prescribed in each committee’s charter approved by the 
Board of Directors. The majority of each committee’s members must be independent of OP Financial Group 
companies. 
President and Group Chief Executive Officer 
The central cooperative has a CEO who is called President and Group Chief Executive Officer. The President 
and Group Chief Executive Officer is appointed by OP Cooperative's Supervisory Council. During his 
incumbency, the President and Group Chief Executive Officer sits on OP Cooperative's Board of Directors. 
The President and Group Chief Executive Officer is tasked with representing OP Cooperative in accordance 
with the Cooperatives Act and being responsible for the daily management of OP Cooperative according to 
the guidelines and regulations issued by the Board of Directors. 
Mr. Timo Ritakallio, D.Sc. (Tech.), LL.M., MBA has acted as the President and Group Chief Executive Officer as 
of 1 March 2018 and Mr. Olli Lehtilä, M.Sc. (Agr. & For.), eMBA has acted as Deputy to the President and Group 
Chief Executive Officer as of 1 January 2020. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The members of OP Financial Group’s administrative and management bodies do not have conflicts of interest 
between any duties to OP Financial Group and their private interests and/or their other duties.  
Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer and OP Financial Group during the last two financial years was: KPMG Oy Ab, 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, FI 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
Recent Events
ECB's supervision 
OP Financial Group is supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB).

--- Page 94 ---
87 
On 25 April 2019, OP Financial Group received the ECB’s decision on increases in the risk weights of mortgage-
backed retail exposures as part of the targeted review of internal models (TRIM). These risk weight increases 
will be valid until further notice, until the qualitative requirements set out in the decision have been met.  
On 19 February 2020, OP Financial Group received the ECB’s decision concerning the change in the definition 
of default, in which the ECB set risk weighting factors for corporate and retail exposures. These risk weighting 
factors will be valid until the qualitative requirements set out in the decision have been met. 
On 11 December 2020, OP Financial Group received the ECB’s decision concerning increases in the risk weights 
of retail exposures. The decision overruled the ECB’s earlier decision issued on 2 February 2017. 
On 18 March 2021, OP Financial Group received the ECB’s decision concerning an increase in the risk parameter 
of corporate exposures. This risk parameter factor will be valid until the qualitative requirements set out in the 
decision have been met. 
The ECB has set a capital requirement for OP Financial Group based on the supervisory review and evaluation 
process (SREP). The capital buffer requirement (P2R) set by the ECB is 2.25% (2.0) as of 1 January 2020. 
Profit Share Interest 
OP Financial Group paid interest on Profit Shares for 2019 to holders of those shares on 8 February 2021. In its 
profit distribution, OP Financial Group complies with the ECB's updated recommendation that will remain in 
force at least until 30 September 2021 and that applies also to interest on Profit Shares for 2020. Based on the 
recommendation currently in force, interest on Profit Shares for 2020 can be paid at the earliest in October 
2021, unless the ECB later this year extends the validity of its recommendation or amends its content. More 
detailed information on the payment schedule will be provided as allowed by the recommendations of the 
ECB. 
Transfer of pension liability to Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company 
OP Bank Group Pension Fund transferred the majority of the management of its pension liability and earnings-
related pension insurance to Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company on 31 December 2018. Transfer of 
the statutory earnings-related pension liability remaining with OP Bank Group Pension Fund to Ilmarinen 
Mutual Pension Insurance Company took place on 31 December 2020. The transfer of the statutory earnings-
related pension liability applied to the following companies of OP Financial Group in their capacity as 
employers: Pohjola Insurance Ltd, OP Asset Management Ltd, OP Real Estate Asset Management Ltd, OP 
Asset Management Execution Services Ltd and Pohjola Hospital Ltd. The Representative Assembly of OP Bank 
Group Pension Fund decided on the liability transfer on 4 August 2020. The earnings effect of the transfer, 
EUR 96 million, was recognised as a deduction in OP Financial Group's personnel costs. The transfer had no 
substantial effect on the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSFER, INTERMEDIARY LOAN AND SERVICING DOCUMENTS 
Transfer and Servicing Agreements 
Granting and Acquisition of Mortgage Loans 
The Issuer and certain Member Cooperative Banks have entered into agreements on the granting or sale and 
purchase of mortgage loans and servicing of the mortgage loans (the Transfer and Servicing Agreements). 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements, certain Member Cooperative 
Banks (the Originators) sell and assign to the Issuer and the Issuer purchases and acquires the loan portfolio 
comprising Mortgage Loans (the Acquired Mortgage Loans) with pertaining loan security (the Loan Security) 
included in the pool of Eligible Assets covering the Notes. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Transfer 
and Servicing Agreements, the Issuer may also function as a provider of mortgage loans so that the 
Originators grant mortgage loans on behalf of the Issuer. Loan origination is performed by the Originators in 
compliance with the Origination Criteria. 
Legal title to, and all rights and benefits in, each Acquired Mortgage Loan (including but not limited to the 
benefit of the Loan Security and any guarantee and any payments in respect of the Acquired Mortgage Loan) 
and all liabilities, risks and obligations, including the credit risk relating to each such Acquired Mortgage Loan, 
are assigned to the Issuer. 
The Issuer may acquire Substitute Loans as described in “Substitution” below. 
The purchase price payable by the Issuer for each Acquired Mortgage Loan shall be their market value at the 
time of purchase, in accordance with the requirements of the FIN-FSA. 
In the case of an acquisition of Acquired Mortgage Loans or Substitute Loans, on the date of acquisition, each 
Originator will ensure due transfer of legal title and any related rights and benefits under applicable Finnish 
law of each promissory note (all such promissory notes sold by the Originators together the Promissory 
Notes) evidencing each Acquired Mortgage Loan or, as the case may be, a Substitute, it has sold to the Issuer. 
Each Originator shall execute an endorsement to the effect that it is assigned to the Issuer on each Promissory 
Note issued as a negotiable note (unless such Promissory Notes are issued in bearer form). In addition, each 
borrower shall be given a written notice of the assignment of such Acquired Mortgage Loans or, as the case 
may be, the Substitute Loans or Further Acquired Mortgage Loans. Each Promissory Note is a negotiable 
promissory note governed by Chapter 2 of the Finnish Promissory Notes Act (Velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as 
amended) or a non-negotiable promissory note governed by Chapter 3 of the Finnish Promissory Notes Act. 
Under the Finnish Promissory Notes Act, a bona fide assignee of a negotiable promissory note upon delivery 
(and with respect to nominee notes, endorsement) of such note (with certain exceptions) takes free from 
defects in the title of prior parties, a borrower’s defences and/or claims of the assignor’s creditors. As further 
described below (see “Servicing of Acquired Mortgage Loans” below), each Promissory Note remains in the 
custody of the relevant Originator but is held on behalf of the Issuer. As each Originator is a bank, the 
assignment of the Acquired Mortgage Loans represented by negotiable promissory notes and the Loan 
Security in accordance with the Transfer and Servicing Agreements will, nonetheless, pursuant to Section 22, 
Subsection 2 of the Finnish Promissory Notes Act, be binding and effective with respect to each Originator’s 
creditors. In accordance with the Finnish Promissory Notes Act, effective assignment of non-negotiable 
promissory notes in terms of the right in rem requires that the assignor or the assignee has notified the 
borrower thereof. Each borrower shall be given a written notice of the assignment of Acquired Mortgage 
Loans or, as the case may be, the Substitute Loans or Further Acquired Mortgage Loans. 
The Issuer has not made or caused to be made (and will not make or cause to be made) on its behalf any 
enquiries, searches or investigations in relation to any Acquired Mortgage Loans or Loan Security acquired 
from any Originator. The Issuer has not made and will not make any enquiry, search or investigation at any 
time in relation to compliance by the Originators or any other person with the Origination Criteria or 
origination procedures or the adequacy thereof or with any applicable laws or in relation to the execution, 
legality, validity, perfection, adequacy or enforceability of any Acquired Mortgage Loan or the Loan Security 
acquired from any Originator. In relation to all aforesaid matters concerning the Acquired Mortgage Loans and 
the Loan Security and the circumstances in which advances were made to borrowers under the Acquired 
Mortgage Loans prior to the acquisition by the Issuer of the relevant Acquired Mortgage Loans and the Loan

--- Page 96 ---
89 
Security, the Issuer will rely entirely on the representations and warranties to be given by each Originator to 
the Issuer contained in the relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement. 
The Origination Criteria may be amended from time to time. The Origination Criteria for the Mortgage Loans 
applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus include, without limitation, the following: 
(a)
each borrower has to be identifiable by a Finnish social security or business identity number; 
(b)
the Acquired Mortgage Loan can be neither subject to collection nor subject to any debt 
reorganisation; 
(c)
the Loan Security related to the Acquired Mortgage Loan must be valid; and 
(d)
the Acquired Mortgage Loan is not a non-performing loan on the date of transfer. 
If there is an unremedied breach of any representation and/or warranty in relation to any Acquired Mortgage 
Loan or the Loan Security, the relevant Originator will be obliged to re-acquire such Acquired Mortgage Loan 
and the Loan Security from the Issuer for an aggregate amount equal to (i) the principal amount outstanding 
under the Acquired Mortgage Loan on the date of payment of the repurchase price and (ii) the interest 
accrued thereon but unpaid to (but excluding) such date. With respect to any repurchased Acquired Mortgage 
Loans, the parties may agree that a Substitute Loan is sold to the Issuer on the terms and conditions of the 
Transfer and Servicing Agreement. 
The representations and warranties referred to will include, without limitation, statements to the following 
effect: 
(a)
the Originator is entitled to transfer all of its rights associated with each Acquired Mortgage Loan and 
the related Promissory Notes and each such Acquired Mortgage Loan is free of any mortgage, charges, 
liens and encumbrances; 
(b)
the Loan Security relating to an Acquired Mortgage Loan was granted on terms that allow for the Loan 
Security to be transferred with the related Acquired Mortgage Loan; 
(c)
the Originator has complied with all statutory requirements relating to the transfer of the Acquired 
Mortgage Loans; 
(d)
in granting the Acquired Mortgage Loans the Originator has complied with all laws, decrees, guidelines 
and regulations associated with lending, and the Originator undertakes to comply with all laws, 
decrees, guidelines and regulations applicable to transferred Mortgage Loans; 
(e)
each Acquired Mortgage Loan to be sold by the Originator to the Issuer and its Loan Security and the 
nature and circumstances of each Borrower satisfies the requirements of the MBA; and 
(f)
each Acquired Mortgage Loan to be sold by the Originator to the Issuer fulfils the Origination Criteria. 
In addition to the Transfer and Servicing Agreements relating to the Mortgage Loans, the Issuer and the 
Member Cooperative Banks may enter into sale and purchase agreements pursuant to which a Member 
Cooperative Bank sells and assigns to the Issuer Public-Sector Loans from time to time. 
Servicing of Acquired Mortgage Loans 
Pursuant to the terms of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements entered into between each Originator (as a 
Servicer) and the Issuer, each Servicer has agreed as servicer to keep the Promissory Notes and any other 
documents and instruments relating to the Acquired Mortgage Loans and the Loan Security sold by it to the 
Issuer in custody and to receive and collect payments on behalf of the Issuer. With respect to the Mortgage 
Loans entered into the Register as and marked for the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool pursuant to 
Intermediary Loans, there will not be any Transfer or Servicing Agreements since such Mortgage Loans will 
continue to be serviced by the relevant Member Cooperative Bank in accordance with its usual servicing 
procedures.  
Each Servicer has agreed to manage, service, administer and make collection on the Acquired Mortgage Loans 
sold by it and to keep all accounts and records as provided for under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, all 
with reasonable care and diligence and in accordance with such procedures and to the same standard as it 
would apply to any comparable Housing Loans administered or owned by it. The loan files, including the

--- Page 97 ---
90 
Promissory Notes and Loan Security documents, remain in the custody of each Servicer to be held on behalf of 
the Issuer. 
Further, each Servicer has agreed to collect all amounts due under the Acquired Mortgage Loans sold by it 
when they become due, and take responsibility for the calculating, invoicing, collection and posting of all 
payments under the Acquired Mortgage Loans. Any payments made in respect of the Acquired Mortgage 
Loans sold by a Servicer shall be credited directly from the relevant borrower to the Issuer’s bank account 
with OP Corporate Bank, meaning that the payment is not credited via the Servicer’s account.  
Finally, each Servicer has agreed to prepare any reports that the Issuer is required to prepare pursuant to any 
applicable laws and regulations. The Servicing Agreements also impose certain reporting obligations on the 
Servicers and include certain provisions with respect to the Issuer’s access to records and accounts. 
In consideration of its services under a Transfer and Servicing Agreement, a Servicer is entitled to servicing 
fees as separately agreed between the Issuer and the Servicer. 
Each Servicer has agreed to indemnify the Issuer and hold it harmless with respect to any loss, claim, damage, 
liability, cost or expense which it may suffer or incur as a result of any failure or breach on its part to fulfil its 
contractual obligations under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement. 
In the event of a breach by a Servicer of its obligations under the relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement, 
the Issuer may terminate the Transfer and Servicing Agreement by notice in writing with effect from a date 
specified in the notice. Furthermore, the Issuer may, at any time and in its discretion, terminate the Transfer 
and Servicing Agreement by notice in writing to a Servicer upon the expiry of not less than a 2 month notice 
period. 
Each Transfer and Servicing Agreement may be terminated upon the expiry of not less than 2 months’ notice 
given by the Servicer to the Issuer provided that (i) the Issuer consents in writing to such termination; (ii) a 
substitute servicer shall be appointed by the Issuer or by the Servicer (subject to any such appointment being 
approved in writing by the Issuer), either (a) at the cost of the substitute servicer, where such substitute is a 
member of OP Financial Group, or (b) at the cost of the Issuer in all other instances, such appointment to be 
effective not later than the date of termination of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and such substitute 
servicer enters into an agreement providing for servicing of the Acquired Mortgage Loans sold by it on 
substantially the same terms as those of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, and the Servicer shall not be 
released from its obligations under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement until such substitute servicer has 
entered into such new agreement; and (iii) the then current ratings of any covered notes issued by the Issuer 
are not adversely affected as a result of such termination. 
If not terminated in accordance with the above, any Transfer and Servicing Agreement will terminate on the 
later of (i) such time as the Issuer has no further interest in any of the Acquired Mortgage Loans, or (ii) such 
time as all liabilities under and in respect of the Acquired Mortgage Loans have been discharged in full. 
In addition to the Transfer and Servicing Agreements relating to the Acquired Mortgage Loans, the Issuer and 
the Member Cooperative Banks may enter into similar servicing agreements to those described above in 
connection with the Public-Sector Loans transferred to the Issuer. 
Substitution 
In respect of any Acquired Mortgage Loan and Loan Security or a Public-Sector Loan that is re-acquired by the 
Originator as described above, the Originator and the Issuer may agree that a substitute Mortgage Loan or a 
Public-Sector Loan (a Substitute Loan) be sold by the Originator to the Issuer on the terms and conditions of 
the relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement. Any Substitute Loan to be sold by the Originator to the Issuer 
shall fulfil the Origination Criteria and the representations and warranties of the Originator set out in the 
relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement shall be deemed to have been given by the Originator also with 
respect to any Substitute Loan. The purchase price for a Substitute Loan shall be the aggregate of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Substitute Loan and any accrued interest thereon but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date of transfer of the Substitute Loan and is payable by the Issuer on the banking day 
following the day of transfer of the Substitute Loan by the Originator to the Issuer.

--- Page 98 ---
91 
Further Issues 
Pursuant to each Transfer and Servicing Agreement, following the Issuer’s request the Originator and the 
Issuer may from time to time agree on further sales of Mortgage Loans under the Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement. 
Intermediary Loan Agreements 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of each agreement in respect of Intermediary Loans (each an 
Intermediary Loan Agreement) and in accordance with the MBA, the Issuer (as lender) will grant Intermediary 
Loans to other Member Cooperative Banks (as borrowers). The key features of the Intermediary Loans are 
summarised above in “Description of OP Mortgage Bank - Summary of the Intermediary Loan Agreements”.  
The Issuer has not made or caused to be made (and will not make or cause to be made) on its behalf any 
enquiries, searches or investigations in relation to any Mortgage Loan connected to an Intermediary Loan 
which is entered in the Register and marked for the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. The Issuer has not made 
and will not make any enquiry, search or investigation at any time in relation to compliance by the relevant 
Member Cooperative Bank or any other person with the Origination Criteria or origination procedures or the 
adequacy thereof or with any applicable laws or in relation to the execution, legality, validity, perfection, 
adequacy or enforceability of any such Mortgage Loan or its related Loan Security. In relation to all aforesaid 
matters concerning any such Mortgage Loan and its related Loan Security and the circumstances in which 
advances were made to borrowers, the Issuer will rely entirely on the representations and warranties to be 
given by the relevant Member Cooperative Bank contained in the relevant Intermediary Loan Agreement.  
The representations and warranties will include, without limitation, statements to the following effect: 
(a)
the relevant Member Cooperative Bank is entitled to collateralise the relevant Mortgage Loan or 
Public-Sector Loan in the Register; 
(b)
in granting the relevant Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan, the relevant Member Cooperative Bank 
has complied with all laws, decrees, guidelines and regulations associated with lending; 
(c)
each Mortgage Loan and its related Loan Security or each Public-Sector Loan to be entered in the 
Register pursuant to the related Intermediary Loan and the nature and circumstances of each 
borrower satisfies the requirements of the MBA; and 
(d)
each Mortgage Loan and its related Loan Security or each Public-Sector Loan pursuant to an 
Intermediary Loan fulfils the Origination Criteria. 
In the event of a breach of warranty in an Intermediary Loan Agreement, the Issuer will be entitled to require 
the relevant Member Cooperative Bank to replace such Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan with another 
eligible Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan as collateral for the Notes.

--- Page 99 ---
92 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING RETAINED NOTE COVER ASSET POOL 
The purpose of the statutory requirements of the MBA are to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient Eligible 
Assets to produce funds to service any payments of interest and principal due and payable on the Notes of 
each Series outstanding under the Programme. The MBA requires the Issuer to continuously ensure that (a) 
the average term to maturity of Notes outstanding under the Programme does not exceed the average term 
to maturity of the collateral assets entered into the Register and marked for the Retained Note Cover Asset 
Pool and (b) the total amount of interest receivable in any given 12-month period on the collateral assets 
entered into the Register and marked for the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool is sufficient to cover the total 
amount of interest payable on the Notes outstanding under the Programme (see the “Description of the
Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks” below). 
For the purposes of the asset coverage tests contained in the MBA, the Issuer must ensure that the qualifying 
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool may only be comprised of (a) Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans that 
have been entered into the Register as collateral for the Notes and (b) Supplementary Collateral. 
The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with Eligible Assets in 
accordance with the MBA.  
Investors should note that periodically updated general information in relation to the Retained Note Cover 
Asset Pool can be found on the Issuer’s website at the following address: https://www.op.fi/op-financial-
group/debt-investors/issuers/op-mortgage-bank/cover-asset-pool. This information gives an overview of the 
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool based on statistical reports. The information is updated quarterly on the same 
date as the Issuer’s interim report is published. In the case of the information relating to the fourth quarter of 
each financial year, the information is updated on the date of publication of the Issuer’s financial statements 
bulletin for the financial year in question. 
Origination Criteria for the Mortgage Loans 
All Mortgage Loans are originated by a Member Cooperative Bank in accordance with its standard lending 
criteria at the time of origination. The principal lending criteria of each Member Cooperative Bank and the 
general characteristics of the borrowers whose Mortgage Loans are to be included in the Retained Note Asset 
Pool include, but are not limited to, the following: 
(a)
each borrower is identified by a Finnish social security number or a Finnish business identity number; 
(b)
the borrower has legal capacity and, in case of a natural person, is of age; 
(c)
the borrower is creditworthy; 
(d)
the borrower can be neither subject to debt collection procedures nor subject to any debt 
reorganisation; 
(e)
on the date of inclusion in the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool, the borrower had no public payment 
defaults (verified in Suomen Asiakastieto Oy’s register);  
(f)
the Acquired Mortgage Loan is not a non-performing loan on the date of inclusion in the Retained Note 
Cover Asset Pool. 
In addition to the principal lending criteria described above, all Mortgage Loans to be included in the Retained 
Note Cover Asset Pool must fulfil the following Origination Criteria: 
(a)
the loan will be secured with Property located or incorporated in Finland; and  
(b)
the terms and conditions of the pledges relating to the Property contain a provision according to which 
the pledgor undertakes to maintain sufficient insurance of the Property. 
The principal lending criteria and the other Origination Criteria may change from time to time. 
Origination Criteria for the Public-Sector Loans 
All Public-Sector Loans to be included in the Cover Asset Pool will be either

--- Page 100 ---
93 
(a)
granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or to other Finnish public-sector entity which 
may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the Republic of Finland or Finnish 
municipality; or 
(b)
fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a Finnish public-sector entity referred to in subsection (a) 
above or by a claim on such Finnish public-sector entity. 
No Due Diligence 
The Dealers have not undertaken and will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in 
respect of any Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans or Supplementary Collateral contained or to be contained 
in the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool but will instead rely on representations and warranties provided by the 
Issuer in the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 101 ---
94 
DESCRIPTION OF THE FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANKS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The summary 
does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative and 
regulatory framework for covered notes. Please also refer to the Risk Factors section on pages 8 to 19 above.
General 
The MBA entered into force on 1 August 2010. It enables the issue of covered notes (katetut joukkolainat) 
which are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets (the cover pool). The MBA regulates 
which assets can be used as collateral for the covered notes and the quality of such assets. They are issued by 
credit institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in mortgage credit business 
(kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an issuer).  
Supervision   
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the MBA and may issue regulations 
for risk management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does 
not comply with the provisions of the MBA or the conditions of the licence granted by the FIN-FSA, the FIN-
FSA shall lay down a period in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such 
requirements are not fulfilled within the set period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s authorisation to 
engage in mortgage credit business. 
Authorisation  
Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered notes on the basis 
of loans secured by residential or commercial real estate or shares in Finnish housing companies or real estate 
companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-sector bodies. A credit institution must fulfil 
certain requirements prescribed in the MBA in order to obtain a mortgage credit bank licence from the ECB or 
an authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage credit business. The credit institution must, among 
other things, have in place suitable procedures and instruments for managing the risk entailed in holding the 
cover pool assets and in issuing covered notes and also prove that it intends to engage in mortgage credit 
business on a regular and sustained basis. The issuer must have put the appropriate organizational structure 
and resources into place. Mortgage credit banks whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying out 
mortgage credit business may also be authorised to issue covered notes. 
Register of covered notes 
The MBA requires the issuer to maintain a register (the register) for the covered notes and the collateral 
which forms the cover pool assets for the covered notes. Any intermediary loan (see “Intermediary loans”
below) shall also be entered in the register. The actual entry of the covered notes and relevant derivative 
contracts in the register is necessary to confer the preferential right in the cover pool. Further, only assets 
entered into the register form part of the cover pool. 
The register must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in the cover 
pool and derivative transactions relating thereto along with any bankruptcy liquidity loans entered into on 
behalf of the issuer. All assets entered in the register shall rank equally as collateral for the covered notes, 
unless the collateral has been entered in the register as collateral for specified covered notes. If a mortgage 
loan, a public-sector loan or any supplementary collateral is placed on the register as collateral for a particular 
covered note, the register must specify the covered note which this collateral covers. Section 22 of the MBA 
requires that the information shall be entered in the register no later than on the first business day following 
the issue of the covered note and information on the granting or acquisition of a mortgage loan or public-
sector loan or a supplementary collateral (see Supplementary Collateral below) which is placed as collateral for 
the covered notes shall be entered in the register no later than one day after granting or acquiring such 
collateral. Any changes in such information shall be entered in the register without delay (although no specific 
timeframe is provided for in the MBA). A mortgage loan or a public-sector loan shall be removed from the

--- Page 102 ---
95 
register when it has been fully repaid by the relevant borrower. A loan shall also be removed from the register 
if it can no longer be deemed to be an eligible asset. A mortgage loan, a public-sector loan or any 
supplementary collateral may also be removed from the register, if, after its removal, the remaining mortgage 
loans, public-sector loans and supplementary collateral entered in the register are sufficient to meet the 
requirements prescribed in the MBA. Accordingly, the cover pool is dynamic in the sense that an issuer may 
supplement or substitute assets in the cover pool. 
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the register, including the due and proper recording of assets. The 
information in the register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly.  
Eligible cover pool assets  
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which are 
permitted as collateral for covered notes consist of mortgage loans, public-sector loans and supplementary 
collateral, each as defined in the MBA as follows:  
Mortgage loans are housing loans or commercial property loans.  
Housing loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in 
Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) 
shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies 
(Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and rights of 
occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging 
to the EEA.  
Commercial property loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for commercial or office purposes 
referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code; or (ii) shares of a housing 
company or a real estate company entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office premises; or 
(iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the EEA.  
Public-sector loans are loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or 
other public-sector entity which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the Finnish State or 
Finnish municipality or a credit which is fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a public-sector entity or a 
claim on such entity.  
At least 90 per cent of the total amount of collateral shall be housing loans or public-sector loans or 
supplementary collateral unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of a covered note. 
Supplementary collateral may only be used as collateral for covered notes on a temporary basis and in the 
circumstances set out in the MBA (see “Supplementary Collateral” below).  
Derivative transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in the 
register and therefore constitute part of the cover pool assets.  
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
A mortgage loan entered on the register as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current value of 
the shares or real estate standing as collateral. The current value shall be calculated using good real estate 
evaluation practice applicable to credit institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of 
capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. The issuer shall regularly monitor 
the value of the shares or real estate entered as collateral for the covered notes and revise the value of the 
collateral in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy of credit institutions issued 
by the FIN-FSA. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The MBA seeks to protect covered noteholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and net 
present value of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching cover pool assets. This is

--- Page 103 ---
96 
achieved by Section 16 of the MBA which provides that (a) the total value of cover pool assets must always 
exceed the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the covered notes and (b) the net present value of 
cover pool assets must always be at least 2 per cent above the net present value of the liabilities under the 
covered notes.  
According to the preparatory works of the MBA (HE 42/2010), the net present value means, in respect of (a) 
covered notes and (b) mortgage loans, public-sector loans and supplementary collateral, the total value of the 
future discounted cashflows applying the market rate of interest, prevailing from time to time. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 17 of the MBA, the issuer shall ensure that the average maturity date of the covered notes does 
not exceed the average maturity date of the loans entered in the register. Further, the issuer shall ensure that 
the total amount of interest accrued from the cover pool assets, during any 12-month period, is sufficient to 
cover the total amount payable to the holders of covered notes as interest and to the counterparties of 
derivative transactions as payments under such derivative transactions. Before the commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a debtor of an intermediary loan, a mortgage 
credit bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary loan, treat the interest 
payments on the intermediary loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral. 
Determination of requirements under Sections 16 and 17 of the MBA 
To determine the value of the cover pool assets in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 
16 and 17 of the MBA, the issuer shall only take into account:
(1)
an amount not exceeding 70 per cent. of the current value of the shares or real estate placed as 
collateral for any housing loan;  
(2)
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent. of the current value of the shares or real estate placed as 
collateral for any commercial property loan; and 
(3)
the book value of any public-sector loans and supplementary collateral.  
Loans that have been entered in the register and which must be booked as non-performing loans at the time 
of review of such loans in accordance with the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA, shall no longer be included 
as cover pool assets in calculating the matching cover. 
Derivative transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral 
for the derivative transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 16 and 17 of the MBA.  
Supplementary Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent. of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered 
notes conferred by the MBA may temporarily consist of supplementary collateral, provided that receivables 
from credit institutions shall not exceed 15 per cent (or such larger amount as may be approved by the FIN-
FSA) on the application of the issuer for a specific reason and for a specified period of time), of the total 
amount of collateral. Supplementary collateral may include: (i) bonds and other debt obligations issued by a 
central government, a municipality or another public-sector entity or a credit institution (other than one 
belonging to the same consolidated group as the Issuer); (ii) guarantees granted by a public-sector entity or a 
credit institution referred to in (i) above; (iii) credit insurance given by an insurance company other than one 
belonging to the same “group”, as defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of Finance and Insurance Groups 
(Laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as amended), as the issuer; or (iv) assets of the 
issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland or a deposit bank; if the issuer is a deposit bank the deposit may not be 
in a deposit bank belonging to the same consolidated group as the issuer. Supplementary collateral may 
temporarily be used in situations where (i) mortgage loans or public-sector loans have not yet been granted or 
registered as collateral for the covered notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the provisions 
provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MBA. 
Intermediary loans  
The MBA allows deposit banks and credit societies to participate indirectly in the issue of covered notes by 
means of intermediary loans granted by a mortgage credit bank to such institutions. The intermediary loan 
shall be entered in the register but shall not form part of the cover pool assets of the covered notes. In

--- Page 104 ---
97 
addition the borrower of the intermediary loan shall provide collateral in the form of mortgage loans and 
public-sector loans to be registered in the register as security for the covered notes of the mortgage credit 
bank. The total priority value of such loans in the cover pool shall always exceed the principal amount of the 
intermediary loan. Upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, the estate of the issuer will be entitled to 
collect any proceeds from such loans and enter such proceeds in the register as security for the covered notes. 
Moreover, the issuer’s estate may demand a transfer of title of the loans to the estate or a named third party.  
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into derivative transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their 
underlying collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the register.
Set-off  
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a mortgage loan or a public-sector loan entered in the 
register if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided for in 
Section 25 of the MBA nor against an intermediary loan. 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or 
pledge mortgage loans or public-sector loans which are included in the cover pool assets. A mortgage credit 
bank may not assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An assignment or 
pledge violating such prohibition shall be void.  
A mortgage loan, a public-sector loan or any supplementary collateral entered in the register as collateral for a 
covered note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or a 
credit society nor may precautionary measures be directed at it.  
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, “selvitystila” (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a company 
or a winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and “konkurssi” (or bankruptcy in English) 
means the mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Section 25 of the MBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered note shall 
be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note from the funds 
accruing on the cover pool assets of the covered note before other claims. The funds accruing from collateral 
for covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer shall 
be entered in the register as collateral for such covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings the bankruptcy 
administrator must ensure due maintenance of the register. 
Collateral entered in the register in accordance with the MBA may not be recovered pursuant to Section 14 of 
the Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 758/1991, 
as amended). 
In respect of each mortgage loan included in the cover asset pool for a covered note, the priority of payment 
right in accordance with Section 25 is limited to a maximum amount which corresponds to 70 per cent. in 
respect of housing loans and to 60 per cent. in respect of commercial property loans of the current value of 
shares or real estate which stand as collateral for the loan as entered in the register at the time of 
commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer. The bankruptcy administrator 
shall assign the share of payments out of any mortgage loan exceeding the preferential right to the general 
bankruptcy estate. According to the preparatory works of the MBA, payments deriving from loans to be 
booked as non-performing and proceeds from disposal of loans or enforcement of collateral shall 
nonetheless, firstly be used for payment of covered notes up to their preferential portion. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 25 of the MBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of 
the derivative transactions entered in the register and to the providers of any loan securing liquidity for the 
issuer in liquidation or bankruptcy (each such loan being a bankruptcy liquidity loan). These parties have an

--- Page 105 ---
98 
equal right with the holders of the covered notes to payment from the funds, entered in the register as 
collateral for the covered notes, and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such derivative 
transactions and bankruptcy liquidity loans rank pari passu with the covered notes with respect to such cover 
pool assets.  
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the 
FIN-FSA (see “Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer” below), 
transfer collateral entered in the register of covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the 
value and the net present value of the cover asset pool, as provided for in Section 16 of the MBA, considerably 
exceed the total amount of the covered notes and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not 
be necessary to fulfil the obligations in respect of the covered notes, derivative transactions and bankruptcy 
liquidity loans.  
Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, 
appoint a supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Laki Finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to protect the interests of creditors of covered notes and 
creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a supervisor). The supervisor shall, 
in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the covered notes and their conversion into cash 
as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be 
appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of financing and legal issues with regard to the 
nature and scope of the duties. 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to 
administer the bankruptcy estate. The cover pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the 
supervisor will supervise the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under 
Section 26 of the MBA, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the 
supervisor, conclude derivative transactions necessary for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and 
the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient amount of collateral for the covered note in 
order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In addition, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon 
the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude contractual arrangements to 
secure liquidity or take out bankruptcy liquidity loans.  
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the issuer and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the register. 
Correspondingly, a bankruptcy liquidity loan taken under Section 26 of the MBA and each bank account into 
which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the register. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered note 
and the corresponding collateral to another mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that has 
acquired a licence to issue covered notes or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision 
corresponding to that of the MBA unless the terms of the covered note provide otherwise.  
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a derivative transaction to a third party on 
the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into 
cash, or a right to transfer collateral to the counterparty in the derivative transaction when the interests of the 
holder of the covered notes demands such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management.  
If the requirements for the cover pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MBA, 
cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, 
accelerate the covered notes and sell the cover pool assets in order to pay the covered notes. 
Management of cover pool assets upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the debtor of an 
intermediary loan 
When the debtor of an intermediary loan has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA 
shall without delay appoint a supervisor to protect the interests of the holders of covered notes issued by the 
issuer standing as the creditor of the intermediary loan and will have a right to enforce the holders’ right to be

--- Page 106 ---
99 
heard. The supervisor must, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for covered notes and its 
conversion into cash as well as oversee the contractual payments to be made to the holders of covered notes 
and other parties comparable to such holders. Notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the debtor of 
the intermediary loan, the issuer’s obligations under the covered note must be paid for the full term of the 
covered note, in accordance with its contractual terms, from the collateral entered in the register before other 
claims can be met, and following, where applicable, what is provided for in Section 25 of the MBA in respect of 
payment priority.  
When the debtor of the intermediary loan is in liquidation or bankruptcy, the bankruptcy administrator shall 
upon the supervisor’s demand or with his consent: 
(1)
sell to the issuer the mortgage loans or public-sector loans, included in the collateral of its covered 
note, in such a manner that the substitute claim is set-off partially or wholly against the claim under the 
intermediary loan of the issuer; or 
(2)
if necessary, sell to a third party a sufficient amount of collateral for a covered note to comply with its 
obligations under the covered note.

--- Page 107 ---
100 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER LEGISLATION RELEVANT TO THE ISSUER, ITS BUSINESS AND THE NOTES 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Regime 
The European Union Regulation No 806/2014 establishes uniform rules and procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the SRMR). The SRMR is directly 
applicable to OP Financial Group and the Issuer. Certain articles of the SRMR refer to the Directive 2014/59/EU 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD), which are applicable as transposed into Finnish law by the Act 
on Crisis Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten 
kriisinratkaisusta, 1194/2014, as amended) (the Resolution Act) and the Act on the Financial Stability Authority 
(Laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta, 1195/2014, as amended). The SRMR and the BRRD came into force in July 
2014. The stated aim of the SRMR is to establish uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
the entities that are established in the Member States whose currency is the euro or who have established a 
close co-operation with the Single Supervisory Mechanism of the EU. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide 
supervisory authorities, including the relevant resolution authority, with common tools and powers to address 
banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to 
losses. 
The SRMR and the national law transposing the BRRD have been fully applicable since 1 January 2016. The 
SRMR and BRRD have subsequently been amended. 
The powers granted to the relevant resolution authority (the Single Resolution Board, the SRB) under the 
SRMR include the introduction of a statutory “bail-in” power, which gives the SRB the power to cancel all or a 
portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution 
and/or to convert certain debt claims into equity instruments of a surviving OP Financial Group entity, if any. 
Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool include the claims of the holders in respect of any Notes 
only if and to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Notes exceeded the value of the cover 
pool collateral against which payment of those amounts is secured. 
In addition to the “bail-in” power, the powers granted to the SRB under the SRMR include the power to (i) 
direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a “bridge bank” 
(a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer the impaired or problem assets of the relevant financial 
institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the 
broader powers granted to the SRB under the SRMR, the SRMR provides powers to the relevant resolution 
authority to modify the terms of debt instruments (including amending the maturity date and/or any interest 
payment date) or other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary 
suspension of payments. 
The resolution tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with 
respect to the relevant financial institution could have been initiated and only upon the SRB being satisfied 
that the relevant conditions for resolution contained in the SRMR have been met. 
The SRMR contains safeguards for shareholders and creditors in respect of the application of the “bail-in” 
power which aim to ensure that they do not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the 
relevant financial institution been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings. To the extent any resulting 
treatment of Noteholders pursuant to the exercise of the “bail-in” power is less favourable than would have 
been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a Noteholder has a right to 
compensation under the Crisis Resolution Act based on an independent valuation of an institution (which is 
referred to as the “no creditor worse off” principle under the BRRD). 
Finnish Act on Amalgamations of Deposit Banks 
OP Cooperative (formerly known as OP-Pohjola Group Central Cooperative), OP Corporate Bank plc, OP Retail 
Customers plc (formerly known as OP Card Company plc), the Issuer and the Member Cooperative Banks, 
including the Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank, (together the Member Credit Institutions) constitute an 
amalgamation of deposit banks within the meaning of Article 10 of the CRR and the Amalgamations Act.

--- Page 108 ---
101 
According to Article 10 of the CRR and the Amalgamations Act, the Member Credit Institutions may be 
exempted from individual prudential requirements, if the amalgamation meets the following criteria: 
a)
the commitments of the central body and affiliated institutions are joint and several liabilities or the 
commitments of its affiliated institutions are entirely guaranteed by the central body; 
b)
the solvency and liquidity of the central body and of all the affiliated institutions are monitored as a 
whole on the basis of consolidated accounts of these institutions; 
c)
the management of the central body is empowered to issue instructions to the management of the 
affiliated institutions. 
The Member Credit Institutions of OP Amalgamation, including the Issuer, have been granted this exemption, 
as the above preconditions for the exemption are met on a statutory basis under the Amalgamation Act. 
The operationalisation of the joint and several liability within OP Amalgamation as well as the responsibilities 
of OP Cooperative as the central body to issue instructions and exercise oversight over OP Amalgamation and 
its Member Credit institutions and other entities belonging to OP Amalgamation is explained above in section 
“Joint Liability in OP Financial Group”. 
Prudential Framework (“Basel Framework”) 
The Issuer is authorized as a credit institution within the meaning of the CRD and under the prudential 
supervision of the Single Supervisory Mechanism by the ECB, both on a solo basis and on a consolidated basis 
at the level of OP Cooperative. In addition, OP Amalgamation as a whole is subject to consolidated supervision 
pursuant to the Amalgamations Act and OP Financial Group as a whole is subject to the supplementary 
supervision pursuant to the Financial Conglomerate Directive.  
OP Amalgamation is on a consolidated basis subject to prudential regulation based on the Guidelines issued by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee), which have been implemented in the EU 
by the CRR and the CRD. 
The prudential framework set out in the CRR includes the level of application of prudential requirements 
(solo/consolidated), definition of own funds, the definition of eligible liabilities for the purpose of determining 
the minimum requirement of eligible liabilities (MREL) for the purpose of applying the bail-in tool in resolution, 
minimum capital requirements, limits on large exposures, regulation on securitization, liquidity requirements, 
leverage ratio and disclosure requirements. The minimum capital requirements are supplemented by the 
additional capital requirements laid down in the CRD, including the capital conservation buffer, countercyclical 
buffer, buffers for systemically important institutions (G-SII and O-SII buffers) and the systemic risk buffer. 
The latest amendments to the prudential framework, introduced in 2019 and, for most part, entering into 
force in June 2021, include binding ratios for short term liquidity (liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)), long term 
liquidity (net stable funding ratio (NSFR)) and leverage as well as adjustments to the additional capital buffers, 
notably the requirement to apply the G-SII or O-SII buffer and the systemic risk buffer on a cumulative basis 
instead of applying only the more stringent buffer requirement. The amendments also include the definition 
of MREL eligible liabilities and the obligation to issue non-preferred senior instruments to meet the MREL 
requirement. 
While the prudential regulation set out in the CRD and CRR, including their implementing measures, is fully 
applied on the consolidated basis at the level of OP Amalgamation, the Issuer has been exempted from the 
individual capital and prudential requirements by a waiver granted to OP Amalgamation pursuant to Article 10 
of the CRR. The Issuer is, however, subject to a reduced minimum capital requirement and a higher limit for 
large exposures at solo level pursuant to Article 21 of the Amalgamations Act as discussed in section “Risks 
Relating to the Implementation of Prudential Regulation” above. 
Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework 
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue 
of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU 
(the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds 
(the Covered Bond Regulation and together with the Covered Bond Directive, the Covered Bond Legislation) 
came into effect on 7 January 2020 (although there will be a maximum 30 month transposition period after

--- Page 109 ---
102 
the effective date for the new directive and the new regulation will become applicable during July 2022). The 
Covered Bond Directive replaces the current Article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive, establishes a revised 
common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that 
member states may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive through national laws). The 
Covered Bond Regulation amends Article 129 of the CRR (and certain related provisions) and further 
strengthens the criteria for covered bonds that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the CRR 
regime. The transposition process in Finland has been commenced in January 2020 and a draft government 
proposal concerning the implementation of the Covered Bond Directive and the Covered Bond Regulation 
amending Article 129 of the CRR into national law was published for consultation on 4 June 2021 with the aim 
of the government proposal being presented in Parliament for discussion in early October 2021. However, it is 
not yet known whether the government proposal will be implemented in the currently published form and as 
a result the nature and scope of changes to be made to the Finnish legislation affecting covered bonds in 
order to implement the European Union’s EU Covered Bond Legislation at a national level are still uncertain. 
In addition, the Covered Bond Directive provides for permanent grandfathering with respect to certain 
requirements of the new regime for Article 52(4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds issued by an issuer 
with its registered office in an EU member state before the relevant application date, provided there is 
continued supervision by the relevant designated competent authority in the EU (similar grandfathering 
provisions are also set out in the Covered Bond Regulation).

--- Page 110 ---
103 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS 
Permitted Derivative Transactions 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against 
risks relating to the Notes or Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as a collateral for such Notes. 
These Derivative Transactions shall be entered into the Register and marked for the Retained Note Cover 
Asset Pool. The Issuer may enter into one or more derivative transactions to hedge against risks relating to 
other assets of the Issuer but such derivative transactions are not entered into the Register and marked for 
the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. 
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure 
arising as a result of Mortgage Loans carrying floating rates of interest and the Fixed Rate Notes creating a 
fixed rate payment obligation for the Issuer and may also enter into one or more interest rate swap 
transactions for general risk management purposes to hedge interest payments received in relation to 
Mortgage Loans carrying a fixed rate of interest. The Issuer may also enter into one or more currency swap 
transactions in order to hedge against foreign exchange exposure arising as a result of payments in respect of 
the Mortgage Loans being received by the Issuer in one currency (Currency A) and the Notes creating a 
payment obligation in another currency (Currency B). 
Documentation 
The Issuer currently anticipates that each Derivative Transaction entered into between the Issuer and a swap 
counterparty will be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and is 
subject to an agreement between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of a 1992 ISDA Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) or an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
Inc. (ISDA) (each such agreement a Swap Agreement) and that the terms of each such Swap Agreement will 
contain among other things terms to the effect set out in this section, but there can be no assurance that all 
swap counterparties will agree to such terms and they may require certain amendments to be made. All 
outstanding Derivative Transactions will be terminable by a party if an Event of Default (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement) occurs in respect of the other party or all or a group of Derivative Transactions will 
be terminable by one or both of the parties if a Termination Event occurs (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement). 
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Transactions, the Issuer or the relevant swap 
counterparty may be liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the value of the terminated 
Derivative Transaction(s). 
Ratings Requirements 
Moody’s Rating Trigger Requirements 
It shall be an additional termination event under any Swap Agreement if (A) the Transfer Trigger 
Requirements apply and 30 or more local business days have elapsed since the last time the Transfer Trigger 
Requirements did not apply and (B) at least one Eligible Replacement has made a firm offer that would, 
assuming the occurrence of an early termination date, remain capable of becoming legally binding upon 
acceptance.  
So long as the Transfer Trigger Requirements apply, the relevant swap counterparty will at its own cost use 
commercially reasonable efforts to, as soon as reasonably practicable, procure either (A) a guarantee which 
meets the requirements of Moody’s swap criteria in respect of all of its present and future obligations under 
the relevant Swap Agreement by a guarantor with the Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating or (B) a transfer to 
an Eligible Replacement. 
An event of default will occur under the relevant Swap Agreement with respect to the relevant swap 
counterparty if on any valuation date in accordance with associated credit support annex, the Collateral 
Trigger Requirements apply and at least 30 local business days have elapsed since the last time the Collateral

--- Page 111 ---
104 
Trigger Requirements did not apply, and the relevant swap counterparty fails to post sufficient collateral to 
satisfy its obligations under the associated credit support annex and such failure is not remedied on or before 
the third local business day after notice of such failure is given to the relevant swap counterparty. 
For the purpose of the Moody’s rating trigger requirements: 
The “Collateral Trigger Requirements” shall apply so long as no Relevant Entity has the Qualifying Collateral 
Trigger Rating. An entity shall have the “Qualifying Collateral Trigger Event” where such entity’s long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt or counterparty obligations are rated “A1” or above by Moody’s. 
“Eligible Replacement” means an entity that could lawfully perform the obligations owing to the Issuer under 
the relevant Swap Agreement or its replacement (as applicable) and (A) has a Qualifying Transfer Trigger 
Rating or (B) whose present and future obligations owing to the Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement 
are guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee which is eligible under Moody’s swap criteria provided by a guarantor 
with a Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating. 
“Relevant Entities” means the relevant swap counterparty and any guarantor under a guarantee which is 
eligible under Moody’s swap criteria in respect of all of the relevant swap counterparty’s present and future 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
The “Transfer Trigger Requirements” shall apply if no Relevant Entity has a Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating. 
An entity shall have the “Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating” where such entity’s long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt or counterparty obligations are rated “A3” or above by Moody’s. 
S&P Downgrade Requirements 
If (A) the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the relevant swap counterparty (or its 
guarantor if applicable) cease to be rated at least as high as “A” or, if the short-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations which are rated by S&P, cease to be rated at least as high as “A-1” or (B) if 
the relevant swap counterparty does not have an S&P short term rating, if its long-term, or unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations cease to be rated at least as high as “A+” (the S&P Required Rating 1) by S&P 
(an S&P Rating Event 1), then: 
(1)
within 10 local business days of the occurrence of such S&P Rating Event 1, the relevant swap 
counterparty will, at its own cost, provide collateral in the form of cash or securities or both in support 
of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the credit 
support annex entered into between the Issuer and that swap counterparty in relation to the Swap 
Agreement between them. 
If the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the relevant swap counterparty (or its 
guarantor if applicable) cease to be rated at least as high as “BBB+” (or such higher rating as is specified in the 
relevant Swap Agreement) (the S&P Required Rating 2) by S&P (an S&P Rating Event 2), then: 
(2)
the relevant swap counterparty shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, within 60 calendar 
days (or in certain circumstances, 30 calendar days) following the occurrence of such S&P Rating Event 
2, at its own cost, one of the following actions: 
(I)
transfer all of its rights and obligations with respect to the relevant Swap Agreement to  
(a)
a replacement third party whose long-term and short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least as high as the S&P Required Rating 
1 by S&P, or to  
(b)
a replacement third party whose long-term and short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least as high as the S&P Required Rating 
2 by S&P, and who provides collateral in accordance with (1) above; 
(II)
obtain a co-obligation or guarantee of its rights and obligations with respect to the relevant 
Swap Agreement from a guarantor who meets S&P’s criteria and whose long-term and/or short-
term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least as high as the S&P 
Required Rating 2 (provided that if the guarantor or co-obligor does not have the S&P Required 
Rating 1, that it provides collateral in accordance with (1) above); or

--- Page 112 ---
105 
(III)
take such other action that S&P has confirmed will result in the rating of the Notes following the 
taking of such action being maintained at, or restored to, the level it would have been at 
immediately prior to such S&P Rating Event, provided that, in all cases, such action does not 
result in any requirement for deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax. 
If, at the time a S&P Rating Event 1 occurs, the relevant swap counterparty does not post collateral in the 
manner described in (1) above pending taking any of the measures described in (2) above, such failure shall 
constitute an additional termination event with respect to the relevant swap counterparty which shall be 
deemed to have occurred on the local business day after the tenth business day following the S&P Rating 
Event. Further, it shall constitute an additional termination event if S&P Rating Event 2 occurs and the relevant 
swap counterparty does not take any of the measures described in (2) above. Such additional termination 
event will be deemed to have occurred on the local business day after the sixtieth calendar day following the 
S&P Rating Event. 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer 
Under Section 30 of the MBA the obligations resulting from a Derivative Transaction entered into the Register 
shall be fulfilled towards the Issuer in accordance with the contract terms notwithstanding a bankruptcy or 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the Derivative Transaction. 
Under Section 25 of the MBA, Noteholders, swap counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding that the Issuer has been placed into liquidation or declared bankrupt, the 
Noteholders, swap counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans 
have the statutory right to receive payment pari passu, before all other claims, for the entire loan period of the 
Notes in accordance with the terms of the Notes from the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool. Under Section 25 
of the MBA, this priority is limited to 70 per cent. in respect of Housing Loans and 60 per cent. in respect of 
Commercial Loans of the current value of the Properties which stand as collateral for such Mortgage Loan. 
The funds accruing from the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool after the commencement of the liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings are, under the MBA, entered into the Register and marked for the Retained Note 
Cover Asset Pool as collateral until the holders of Notes are repaid in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. Such provision of the MBA shall also be applied to the funds accrued to the Issuer 
after the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings on the basis of Derivative Transactions 
entered into the Register and marked for the Retained Note Cover Asset Pool.

--- Page 113 ---
106 
TAXATION 
Finnish Taxation  
The comments below are of a general nature and based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and practice 
in Finland. They relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and 
Coupons. They may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers. Prospective holders of the Notes who 
are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax in any other jurisdiction should 
consult their professional advisers. It should be noted that the tax laws of Finland may be amended with 
retroactive effect.
Taxation of Finnish residents 
Holders of Notes and Coupons who are resident in Finland for tax purposes will be subject to Finnish tax on 
interest payments (including deemed interest for tax purposes through a discounted issue price) under the 
Notes and Coupons and on gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes and Coupons. 
Taxation of Non-Finnish residents 
Holders of Notes and Coupons who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in 
trade or business through a permanent establishment in Finland will not be subject to Finnish taxes on 
payments in respect of the Notes and the Coupons or gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes 
and Coupons. The payer is obliged to ascertain that the recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes. 
The recipient is obliged to disclose his non-resident investor status to the payer. If a recipient fails to provide 
such information, the Issuer will be entitled to withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in respect of the 
Notes, if it is required to do so under Finnish law and the Issuer will not be required to pay the recipient any 
additional amounts.
Reporting Requirements 
Under Finnish law, the Issuer is obliged to report any interest payments under the Notes and 
Coupons to the Finnish tax authorities.
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common financial transactions tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
Under the Commission Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), commonly 
known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes

--- Page 114 ---
107 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs 
to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign 
passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, 
the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the 
issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes that are characterized as debt (or which have a fixed term 
and are not otherwise characterized as equity) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to 
pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 115 ---
108 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (the Programme Agreement) dated 11 
June 2021 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any such 
agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be 
released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant 
Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by 
the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes 
from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 116 ---
109 
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision only, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(iii)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(iv)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(v)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed in accordance 
with the terms of the Prospectus Regulation public offer selling restriction. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes, 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and

--- Page 117 ---
110 
(b)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed continue with 
existing Prospectus Regulation public offer selling restriction. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Finland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer or an advertisement of securities to the public in the 
Republic of Finland. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell in Finland 
any Notes under circumstances which would constitute a public offer of securities under Finnish law, including 
the Prospectus Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129) and the Finnish Securities Market Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 
746/2012, as amended) and any regulation issued thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to 
time. This Base Prospectus has not been approved by or notified to the Finnish Financial Supervisory 
Authority. Notwithstanding the above, each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that Notes may not be offered or sold to 
individuals or estates of deceased individuals that are resident in Finland for taxation purposes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan which 
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant applicable laws 
and regulations of Japan.

--- Page 118 ---
111 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been and will not be registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any 
Notes be distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws 
and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes, nor distribute copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy, except: 
(i)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter (b) of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (Regulation No. 11971), all as amended from time to time; 
or 
(ii)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 
of the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(a)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (the Italian
Banking Act), all as amended from time to time; and 
(b)
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of 
the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
This Base Prospectus and the information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipient and 
are not to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or 
located in Italy other than the original recipients of this document may rely on it or its contents.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, that no document (including the Base Prospectus) has been registered, or will 
be registered, as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Notes will be offered 
pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the Securities and 
Futures Act). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes have not and may not be 
offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor may the Base Prospectus 
or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or 
purchase of any Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in in Section 275(2) of the 
Securities and Futures Act) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the Securities and Futures Act, or to any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the Securities and Futures Act, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the Securities and Futures Act. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act by a 
relevant person that is:

--- Page 119 ---
112 
(a)
a corporation (that is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act)) whose sole purpose is to hold investments, and each beneficiary of the trust is an 
individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the Securities and Futures Act) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust will not be transferable for six months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer under Section 275 of the 
Securities and Futures Act except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act) or to 
a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the Securities and Futures Act or to any person arising 
from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) and Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the Securities and Futures Act; 
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; (iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the Securities and 
Futures Act; or 
(iv)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or 
in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 120 ---
113 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and subsequent update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 13 May 2020. The Board of Directors of 
the Issuer has also approved the application by the Issuer for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market on 13 
May 2020.  
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market. The listing of the Programme in respect of Notes was granted on 11 June 2021.  
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London in physical form 
and on the website of the Issuer at https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-investors/issuers/op-mortgage-
bank
(a)
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b)
the non-consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 (with an English translation thereof), in each case together 
with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith, and the non-consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer for the three months ended 31 March 221 (with an English translation thereof); 
(c)
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (in each case with an English 
translation thereof), in each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection 
therewith; 
(d)
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e)
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) (save that a Final Terms 
relating to a Note or a Pricing Supplement relating to an Exempt Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will not be available on the Issuer’s website 
and will only be available for inspection in physical form, as described above, by a holder of such Note 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and each Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are either listed on Euronext Dublin or offered to the public in Ireland will be available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Regulatory 
News 
Service 
operated 
by 
Euronext 
Dublin, 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/25042/documents.

--- Page 121 ---
114 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or OP 
Financial Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or OP Financial Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) involving the Issuer or any other 
member of OP Financial Group in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have 
had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or OP Financial 
Group. 
Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited of Ten Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland. Arthur 
Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to Notes 
issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Oy Ab, authorised public accountants and a member of the Finnish 
Institute of Authorised Public Accountants (KHT), who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with Finnish standards on auditing for each of the two financial years ended on 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Note.

--- Page 122 ---
115 
Dealers Transacting with The Issuer 
As further described in the section entitled “Description of OP Financial Group and the Loan Originators” 
above, OP Corporate Bank plc is in the same group of companies as the Issuer, and acts as Arranger and 
Dealer on this Programme.  
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. The Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the 
Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
English translations  
All English translations in this Base Prospectus are accurate, complete and direct translation from Finnish 
language.

--- Page 123 ---
116 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
Accrual Period 
The period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date; 
Agency Agreement 
The Agency Agreement dated 11 June 2021, made between the 
Issuer, the Agent and the Paying Agents (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time); 
Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon as issuing and principal paying 
agent and calculation agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent; 
Amalgamations Act 
The Finnish Act on Amalgamations of Deposit Banks (Laki 
talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended); 
Applicable Final Terms 
In relation to any particular Tranche of Notes, the Final Terms 
applicable to that Tranche; 
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
In relation to any particular Tranche of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement applicable to that Tranche; 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan 
A contractual arrangement made by the bankruptcy 
administrator of the Issuer to secure liquidity or take out liquidity 
credit in accordance with Section 26 of the MBA; 
BRRD 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU; 
Business Day 
A day which is both: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement); and 
(b)
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified 
Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
Capital Requirements Directive 
The Directive 2013/36/EU; 
Capital Requirements Regulation 
The Regulation (EU) No 575/2013;

--- Page 124 ---
117 
Central Bank of Ireland 
Competent authority of the Republic of Ireland for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulations. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme; 
COBS 
The FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
Commercial Loan 
A loan which is secured by Commercial Property; 
Commercial Property 
In relation to a Mortgage Loan, (i) mortgageable property for 
commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 
or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 
540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares of a housing company or a 
real estate company entitling to occupancy of the commercial or 
office premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the 
aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to 
the EEA;  
Common Depositary 
A common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; 
Common Safekeeper 
A common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; 
Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Notes; 
Cooperative Bank Act 
The Finnish Act on Cooperative Banks and Other Credit 
Institutions in the Form of a Cooperative (Laki osuuspankeista ja 
muista osuuskuntamuotoisista luottolaitoksista 423/2013, as 
amended); 
Couponholders 
The holders of the Coupons and, unless the context otherwise 
requires, the holders of the Talons; 
Coupons 
Interest coupons attached on issue to interest bearing definitive 
Notes; 
Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Supplementary 
Collateral entered into the Register as statutory security for 
covered notes under the MBA; 
CRD IV 
The Capital Requirements Directive and the Capital Requirements 
Regulation; 
Currency Swap Agreements 
Swap Agreements relating to Currency Swap Transactions; 
Currency Swap Transactions 
The currency swap transactions which the Issuer may enter into 
in order to hedge against foreign exchange exposure; 
Day Count Fraction 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3.1 or Condition 
3.2, as applicable; 
Dealers 
OP Corporate Bank plc and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer; 
Deed of Covenant 
The deed of covenant dated 15 June 2020 and executed by the 
Issuer;

--- Page 125 ---
118 
Derivative Transactions 
Derivative transactions entered into by the Issuer in order to 
hedge against risks relating to the Notes, Intermediary Loans or 
Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for 
the Notes; 
Determination Period 
Each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either 
the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment 
Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the 
first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
Early Redemption Amount 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.6; 
EEA 
European Economic Area 
Eligible Assets 
Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans or Supplementary 
Collateral; 
EURIBOR 
The Euro-zone interbank offered rate; 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
Euronext Dublin 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
EUWA 
The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
Exchange Date 
The date which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is 
issued; 
Exchange Event 
The Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available; 
Exchange Notice 
A notice given by the Issuer to the effect that replacement euro-
denominated Notes and Coupons are available for exchange; 
Exempt Notes 
Notes issued under this Programme for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation; 
Extended Interest Payment Date 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3.3; 
Extended Interest Period 
The period from and including an Extended Interest Payment 
Date (or, in respect of the first such period, the Maturity Date) to 
but excluding the next following Extended Interest Payment 
Date; 
Extended Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes on each Extended 
Interest Payment Date; 
FIEA 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan; 
FIN-FSA 
The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanssivalvonta); 
Final Extended Maturity Date 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.2;

--- Page 126 ---
119 
Final Terms 
A final terms supplement containing, inter alia, notice of the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in 
respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms 
and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each 
Tranche of Notes; 
Fixed Interest Period 
The period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date; 
Global Note 
A Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note; 
Holders 
Noteholders; 
Housing Loan 
A loan which is secured by Residential Property; 
Insurance Distribution Directive 
Insurance Distribution Directive (EU) 2016/97  
Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Notes in 
respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period; 
Interest Payment Date 
(i) Each date which is specified as a Specified Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or (ii) if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), each date which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
Swap Agreements relating to Interest Rate Swap Transactions; 
Interest Rate Swap Transaction 
The interest rate swap transactions which the Issuer may enter 
into in order to hedge against interest rate exposure; 
Intermediary Loan 
A loan granted by the Issuer to a Member Cooperative Bank 
pursuant to the requirements set out in Section 8 of the MBA; 
ISDA 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
ISDA Definitions 
The 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; 
Issuer 
OP-Asuntoluottopankki Oyj (the English translation of which is 
OP Mortgage Bank); 
LIBOR 
The London interbank offered rate;

--- Page 127 ---
120 
Long Maturity Note 
A Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue 
had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less 
than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note; 
LTV 
Loan-to-value ratio; 
Maturity 
The legal maturity of any Outstanding Notes, Mortgage Loans or 
Supplementary Collateral, as applicable; 
MBA 
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended); 
Member Cooperative Banks 
The cooperative banks being members of OP Financial Group; 
Member Credit Institutions 
OP Corporate Bank, OP Retail Customers plc (formerly OP- Card 
Company Plc), the Issuer and the Member Cooperative Banks, 
including Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank; 
Member State 
A member state of the European Union; 
Monthly Extended Maturity Date 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.2; 
MiFID II Directive or MiFID II 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU; 
Moody’s 
Moody’s Investors Service Espana, S.A.; 
Mortgage Loans 
Housing Loans and Commercial Loans;
NGN 
New global note; 
NIBOR 
The Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
Note Maturity Date 
If a Note is redeemed after the Maturity Date pursuant to 
Condition 5.2, the date on which such Note is redeemed in full; 
Noteholders 
In relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes; 
Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme, including the Exempt Notes; 
Official List 
The official list of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin;

--- Page 128 ---
121 
OP Amalgamation 
Part of OP Financial Group constituting an amalgamation of 
deposit banks within the meaning of the Amalgamations Act and 
Article 10 of the CRR and comprising: 
(a)
OP Cooperative as the central body; 
(b)
OP Corporate Bank plc as central bank of OP Financial 
Group; 
(c)
other subsidiary Member Credit Institutions of OP Co-
operative, including the Issuer and OP Retail Services Ltd 
(formerly OP Card Company plc) 
(d)
Member Cooperative Banks; 
(e)
other subsidiaries of OP Cooperative or the Member Credit 
Institutions, which are financial institutions or ancillary 
services undertakings within the meaning of the CRR; 
potential other credit and financial institutions and service 
companies in which one or more of the above-mentioned entities 
alone or jointly hold a total of more than half of the total votes. 
OP Cooperative 
OP Cooperative, OP Financial Group’s central body (in Finnish OP 
Osuuskunta), formerly known as OP-Pohjola Group Central 
Cooperative; 
OP Cooperative Consolidated 
OP Financial Group’s sub-consolidation group comprising of OP 
Cooperative as the parent undertaking and OP Cooperative’s 
subsidiaries which are financial institutions or ancillary services 
undertakings within the meaning of the CRR; 
OP Corporate Bank 
OP Corporate Bank plc, formerly known as Pohjola Bank plc; 
OP Financial Group 
Formerly known as OP-Pohjola Group, OP Financial Group 
consists of OP Cooperative as the OP Financial Group’s central 
body and its financial and non-financial subsidiaries and the 
Member Cooperative Banks. 
Origination Criteria 
The criteria for the content of the Cover Asset Pool, as set out in 
the Transfer and Servicing Agreements and Intermediary Loan 
Agreements, outlining what type of loans may and may not be 
included in the Cover Asset Pool; 
Originators 
The members of OP Financial Group who originated the 
Mortgage Loans, and from whom the Issuer has either purchased 
the Mortgage Loans or who have provided such Mortgage Loans 
as security in relation to Intermediary Loans; 
Outstanding 
Has the meaning given to such term in the Agency Agreement; 
Outstanding Notes 
Each outstanding series of Notes issued by the Issuer and 
entered into the Register in accordance with the MBA; 
Paying Agents 
The Agent and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as 
paying agents under the Agency Agreement, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agent; 
Payment Day 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.5;

--- Page 129 ---
122 
Permanent Global Note 
A permanent global note by which a Tranche of Notes may be 
represented; 
Pohjola Insurance 
Pohjola Insurance Ltd, formerly known as OP Insurance Ltd., a 
subsidiary of OP Corporate Bank and formerly part of Pohjola 
Group plc; 
Pricing Supplement 
In the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement containing, 
inter alia, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, 
interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein 
which are applicable to each Tranche of Exempt Notes; 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products 
Regulation (EU) 1286/2014; 
Proceedings 
Any suit, action or proceedings; 
Programme 
The €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Retained Covered Note 
Programme established by the Issuer and as described in this 
Base Prospectus; 
Programme Agreement 
The Programme Agreement originally dated 15 June 2020 and 
amended and restated on 11 June 2021, made between the Issuer 
and the Dealer (as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time); 
Programme Notes 
All Notes of all series from time to time issued under the 
Programme; 
Property 
Residential Property and/or Commercial Property; 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended; 
Public Note Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Supplementary 
Collateral entered into the Register as statutory security for the 
Public Programme Notes; 
Public Note Programme 
The €20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note 
Programme established by the Issuer; 
Public Programme Notes 
The notes issued under the Public Note Programme; 
Public-Sector Loan 
A loan which has been granted to the Republic of Finland, a 
Finnish municipality or other public-sector entities which may, 
when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation 
(EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered 
equivalent to the Republic of Finland or Finnish municipality or a 
credit which is fully collateralised by a guarantee of a public-
sector entity or a claim on such entity; 
Put Notice 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.5;

--- Page 130 ---
123 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement); 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s and/or S&P, including in each case their respective 
successors and/or any other rating agency, as the case may be; 
Redeemed Notes 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.4; 
Reference Banks 
Means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market and, in the case of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, 
the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major 
banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, 
in each case selected by the Reference Banks Agent or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Banks Agent 
Means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or 
stockbroker appointed by the Issuer; 
Register 
The register of notes which the Issuer is required to maintain 
pursuant to Chapter 5 of the MBA; 
Relevant Date 
The date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly 
received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11; 
Relevant Dealer 
In the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe such Notes; 
Residential Property 
In relation to a Mortgage Loan, (i) mortgageable property for 
primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 
or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 
540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a housing company 
referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing 
Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) or 
shares comparable thereto, participations and rights of 
occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned 
collateral, situated in another State belonging to the EEA;  
Retained Note Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Supplementary 
Collateral entered into the Register as statutory security for the 
Notes; 
Retained Programme Notes 
The notes issued under this Programme; 
S&P 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sucursal en España; 
Securities Act 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
Selection Date 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.4;

--- Page 131 ---
124 
Series 
A Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including 
as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective 
Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices; 
Servicer 
Each Originator, in its capacity as servicer under the Transfer and 
Servicing Agreements; 
SRMR 
The Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (EU) No 806/2014; 
STIBOR 
The Stockholm interbank offered rate;  
Sub-unit 
With respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent; 
Supplementary Collateral 
(a)
Bonds and other debt obligations issued by a central 
government, a municipality or another public-sector entity 
or a credit institution (other than one belonging to the 
same consolidated group as the Issuer);  
(b)
guarantees granted by a public-sector entity or a credit 
institution referred to in paragraph (a); 
(c)
credit insurance given by an insurance company other than 
one belonging to the same group, as defined in the Finnish 
Act on Supervision of Finance and Insurance Groups (Laki 
rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as 
amended), as the Issuer; 
(d)
assets of the Issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland or a 
deposit bank; if the Issuer is a deposit bank the deposit may 
not be in a deposit bank belonging to the same 
consolidated group as the Issuer; 
Swap Agreement 
A 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) or 
a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border), 
each as published by ISDA; 
Swap Transactions 
The Currency Swap Transactions and the Interest Rate Swap 
Transactions; 
Talons 
Talons for further Coupons; 
TARGET2 System 
The Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System; 
Tax Jurisdiction 
Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; 
Temporary Global Note 
A temporary global note by which a Tranche of Notes may 
initially be represented; 
UK MiFIR 
Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA 
Tranche 
Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading);

--- Page 132 ---
125 
Transfer and Servicing Agreements 
The transfer and servicing agreements made between the Issuer 
and the relevant Originators relating to the purchase of the 
Mortgage Loans and/or the Public-Sector Loans by the Issuer and 
servicing of the Acquired Mortgage Loans. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
The FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
The PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA 
UK Prospectus Regulation 
The Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
The FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook

--- Page 133 ---
126 
ISSUER 
OP Mortgage Bank
Gebhardinaukio 1 
Fl-00510 Helsinki 
Finland
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law 
To the Arranger and Dealer as to English law 
Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd
Eteläesplanadi 20 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Oy Ab
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited  
Ten Earlsfort Terrace                                                                              
Dublin 2                                                                                                                 
Ireland
ARRANGER AND DEALER
OP Corporate Bank plc
Gebhardinaukio 1 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland