--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
OP MORTGAGE BANK 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
(Legal Entity Identifier: 743700IJXAGL8TGFRC33) 
€25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
 
 
Under this €25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Bond (Premium) Programme (the Programme), OP-Asuntoluottopankki Oyj 
(the English translation of which is OP Mortgage Bank) (the Issuer) may, from time to time, issue European covered bonds (premium) 
(Eurooppalainen katettu joukkolaina (premium)) in accordance with the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista (151/2022)) and the Capital Requirements Regulation (the Bonds) denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Bonds and MBA Bonds (as defined below) from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein.  
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the 
case of an issue of Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such 
Bonds. 
An investment in Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank of Ireland) as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Bonds. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the Bonds (other than the Exempt Bonds) to be admitted to the official list (the 
Official List) and to trading on its regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Bonds are to Bonds for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.    
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Bonds, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
Exempt Bonds and such information shall not form part of the Base Prospectus approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Bonds (other than Exempt Bonds) being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Bonds have been admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and have been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II). The Exempt Bonds may be 
listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the 
Pricing Supplement. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 1(5) (as applicable) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Bonds, the issue price of Bonds and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”) 
of Bonds will (other than in the case of Exempt Bonds) be set out in a final terms supplement (the Final Terms) which, with respect to 
Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Bonds, 
notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Bonds, the issue price of Bonds, and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of Exempt Bonds will be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
Bonds issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Bonds is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Rated Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned a rating 
of Aaa by Moody’s France SAS (Moody’s) and a rating of AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and/or a corresponding rating 
by another Rating Agency. For an explanation of the ratings, see “Overview of the Programme – Rating”. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, each of Moody’s and S&P are established in the European Union and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(the CRA Regulation) and are included in the list of credit agencies published by the European securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A credit

--- Page 2 ---
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference 
rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmark Regulation). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is 
not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank  
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
NatWest Markets 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 11 October 2022

--- Page 3 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Bonds, the Pricing Supplement) (each as defined herein) for each Tranche (as defined 
herein) of Bonds issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the Pricing Supplement) 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
Copies of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the Pricing Supplement) will be available from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined 
below). 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. The Arranger and the Dealers do not accept any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. Further, none of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Green 
Assets, (ii) any verification of whether the Green Assets falls within an investor's requirements or expectations 
of a “green” or “sustainable” or equivalently labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Bonds. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Bonds (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Bonds should purchase any Bonds. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Bonds constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Bonds shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Bonds of any information coming to their 
attention. 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Bonds may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Bonds in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Bonds may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. Accordingly, no Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Bonds may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the

--- Page 4 ---
3 
offering and sale of Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including the Republic of Italy and Finland), the UK, 
Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Bonds (other than Exempt Bonds) in 
the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Bonds (other than Exempt Bonds). Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer in the EEA (other than an offer of Exempt Bonds) which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those 
Bonds may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Issuer may also issue Bonds for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Exempt Bonds). The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Bonds and such information shall not form part 
of the Base Prospectus approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Bonds includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Bonds) will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Bonds includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/65 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by the

--- Page 5 ---
4 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Bonds) may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which, if included, will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. Where the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance legend is included, any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds 
(a UK distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Where the UK MiFIR Product Governance legend is included, a determination will be made in relation to each 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars and to euro and € refer 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE – SFA NOTIFICATION LEGEND  
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Bonds, the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Bonds are 
'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Bonds May Not Be a Suitable Investment for All Investors 
Each potential investor in the Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Bonds and the impact the Bonds will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Bonds, 
including Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Bonds will perform under changing

--- Page 6 ---
5 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Bonds can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Bonds. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Bonds 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Bonds, a Dealer (if any) designated as the 
stabilising manager (the Stabilising Manager) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may 
over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Bonds of the Series of which 
such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Bonds 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager (or any persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Credit Ratings May Not Reflect All Risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bonds. There are no guarantees 
that such ratings will be assigned or maintained. Furthermore, the ratings may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Bonds. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 (the CRA 
Regulation) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit ratings 
agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in the “Applicable Final Terms” (or, in the case of 
Exempt Bonds, the “Applicable Pricing Supplement”) below and will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Bonds, the Pricing Supplement). 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. 
These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the 
terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in each 
case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not 
limited to, statements regarding the intentions of the Issuer and beliefs or current expectations concerning, 
among other things, the business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects of the Issuer. By 
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial 
position and results of operations of the Issuer, and the development of the markets in which the Issuer 
operates may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Issuer’s results of operations and financial position, 
and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Issuer operates, are consistent with the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be 
indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors

--- Page 7 ---
6 
could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-
looking statements. See “Risk Factors” below.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
CONTENTS 
Page 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW ............................................................................................................................................. 8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................................ 11 
RISK FACTORS............................................................................................................................................................ 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................................................... 32 
SUPPLEMENTS AND NEW BASE PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................................... 34 
FORM OF THE BONDS .............................................................................................................................................. 35 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS....................................................................................................................................... 37 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ....................................................................................................................... 48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS .............................................................................................................. 59 
GREEN BONDS .......................................................................................................................................................... 84 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................................... 87 
DESCRIPTION OF OP MORTGAGE BANK ................................................................................................................. 88 
DESCRIPTION OF OP FINANCIAL GROUP AND THE LOAN ORIGINATORS ............................................................ 95 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INTERMEDIARY LOAN AGREEMENTS AND THE FRAMEWORK AGREEMENTS .............. 108 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVERED BOND COVER ASSET POOL ....................................................................... 112 
DESCRIPTION OF THE FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANKS AND COVERED BONDS ............................ 114 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER LEGISLATION RELEVANT TO THE ISSUER, ITS BUSINESS AND THE BONDS ............... 125 
DERIVATIVE CONTRACTS ........................................................................................................................................128 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................................ 131 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................................... 133 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................................... 138 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 141

--- Page 9 ---
8 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW 
Structure Overview  
• 
Programme: Under the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue Bonds to Bondholders on each 
Issue Date. The Bonds will be direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and, 
pursuant to the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista 
ja katetuista joukkolainoista (151/2022)), as amended, supplemented, recast or replaced from time to time 
(the Covered Bond Act) rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Series of Bonds issued by 
the Issuer under the Programme and with Derivative Contracts (as defined below) and Management 
Costs (as defined below) and prior to Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans in relation to the Covered Bond Cover 
Asset Pool (as defined below). The MBA Bonds (as defined below) issued under this Programme prior to 
8 July 2022 and the N-Bonds (as defined below) issued prior to that date, are covered by a separate cover 
pool, the MBA Bond Cover Asset Pool (as defined below), which continues to be governed under the 
provisions of the MBA (as defined below). 
• 
Bond Proceeds: The net proceeds from each issue of Bonds will be applied by the Issuer towards funding 
its lending activities in accordance with the Covered Bond Act, and the Issuer’s general business 
principles as outlined in the “Description of OP Mortgage Bank” section of this Base Prospectus. 
• 
Cash Flows: The Issuer will apply the issue proceeds of Bonds issued from time to time under the 
Programme in the manner set out under “Bond Proceeds” above. The Issuer will service its payment 
obligations under the Bonds by applying moneys received by or on behalf of the Issuer from time to time 
in respect of the Mortgage Loans, Intermediary Loans, Supplementary Collateral (each as defined in the 
Glossary), cash and other assets of the Issuer (including amounts received by the Issuer from time to 
time under any interest rate swaps entered into by the Issuer). 
• 
Two Covered Bond Programmes: In addition to the Programme, the Issuer also has a €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Retained Covered Note Programme (the Retained Bond Programme) which has 
outstanding bonds thereunder (the Retained Programme Bonds). In accordance with (a) the previous 
statutory regime for covered bonds in Finland, the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended, (the MBA) (in respect of the Retained 
Programme Bonds and the MBA Bonds, as defined below) and (b) the Covered Bond Act (in respect of 
the Bonds), the Issuer maintains a register (the Register) for all of its covered bonds and the collateral 
which forms the cover pool assets for the covered bonds (the Cover Asset Pool).  
• 
Recourse:  
(i) 
In relation to the Retained Bond Programme, the cover pool assets and derivative contracts 
exclusively supporting the Retained Programme Bonds are entered onto and separately identified 
in the Register, with such entries being known as the Retained Bond Cover Asset Pool. Holders of 
Retained Programme Bonds will not have prioritised recourse to the assets in the MBA Bond Cover 
Asset Pool or the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. Similarly, holders of the MBA Bonds or the Bonds 
will not have prioritised recourse to the items entered onto the Retained Bond Cover Asset Pool; 
(ii) 
In relation to this Programme, the cover pool assets and Derivative Contracts exclusively 
supporting bonds issued under this Programme prior to 8 July 2022 (the MBA Bonds) and German 
law governed registered bonds (Namensschuldverschreibungen) (N-Bonds) issued prior to that date 
are entered into, and separately identified in, the Register (with such entries being known as the 
MBA Bond Cover Asset Pool). Holders of MBA Bonds will not have prioritised recourse to in the 
items entered onto the Retained Bond Cover Asset Pool or the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. 
Similarly, holders of the Retained Programme Bonds or the Bonds will not have prioritised recourse 
to the items entered onto the MBA Bond Cover Asset Pool; and  
(iii) 
In relation to this Programme, the cover pool assets and Derivative Contracts exclusively 
supporting the Bonds issued on or after 8 July 2022 are entered into, and separately identified in, 
the Register (with such entries being referred to as the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool). Holders 
of Bonds issued after 8 July 2022 under this Programme will not have prioritised recourse to the 
assets in the Retained Bond Cover Asset Pool or the MBA Bond Cover Asset Pool. Similarly, holders

--- Page 10 ---
9 
of the Retained Programme Bonds or the MBA Bonds will not have prioritised recourse to the items 
entered onto the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. 
• 
Statutory Security: The Bonds will be covered in accordance with the Covered Bond Act and will therefore 
benefit from a priority right in the statutory security over the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. The Bonds 
will rank pari passu among themselves and with Derivative Contracts, Management Costs, and any N-
Bonds that may be issued with respect to the statutory security over the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. 
In addition, Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans benefit from, and have a priority over, the Covered Bond Cover 
Asset Pool. However, they rank behind the Bonds, Derivative Contracts, Management Costs and any N-
Bonds that may be issued. See also the “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and 
Covered Bonds” section of this Base Prospectus. The priority right in the statutory security extends to 
the assets in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in their entirety. To the extent that claims of 
Bondholders in relation to Bonds are not met out of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool, the residual 
claims of the Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
Up to 20 per cent. of the total nominal value of all assets constituting the statutory security for the Bonds 
conferred by the Covered Bond Act may temporarily consist of Supplementary Collateral. Supplementary 
Collateral may include: (i) level 1, 2A or 2B assets eligible to fulfil the liquidity buffer requirement of a 
credit institution based on a delegated regulation adopted on the basis of Article 460 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation; and (ii) short-term exposures to credit institutions or short-term deposits 
within the meaning of Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph c of the Capital Requirements Regulation. 
Supplementary Collateral may temporarily be used in situations where (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-
Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for the Bonds; or (ii) the total amount 
of collateral does not fulfil the provisions provided for in Chapter 4 of the Covered Bond Act (see 
“Matching Cover and Overcollateralisation” below). 
• 
Matching Cover and Overcollateralisation: The Covered Bond Act seeks to protect Bondholders by 
requiring that the total value of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool must always exceed the value of the 
payment obligations arising from the Bonds so that the total value of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
is always at least 2 per cent. above the value of the payment obligations arising from the Bonds 
(overcollateralisation). If the requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation are not met, the required overcollateralisation level is increased to at 
least 5 per cent. The overcollateralisation must, in addition, cover the estimated winding-down costs 
relating to the Bonds.  See the “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds 
– Quality of the cover pool assets” section in this Base Prospectus. 
• 
Liquidity Buffer: In addition to the requirements for overcollateralisation (see the “Matching Cover and 
Overcollateralisation” above), the Covered Bond Act requires that the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
continuously contains funds which meet the conditions set out for Supplementary Collateral (see 
“Statutory Security” above) in an amount which covers the maximum net outflow relating to the Bonds 
over the coming 180-day period. If the maturity of the Bonds may be extended to the Final Extended 
Maturity Date pursuant to the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) the Covered Bond Act permits the Issuer to use the Final Extended Maturity Date 
for the purpose of determining the net outflow.  
• 
Extension of maturity:  Pursuant to the Covered Bond Act, the maturity of a Bond may be extended only 
if (i) the Issuer is unable to obtain financing from ordinary sources of long-term financing; (ii) the Issuer 
cannot pay the principal and interest on a Bond which is becoming due without falling below the liquidity 
coverage requirement regarding the Issuer or an amalgamation to which the Issuer belongs; and (iii) the 
extension does not affect the order of maturity based on the original maturity dates of Bonds covered 
by the same Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. The Issuer must apply for a permission for the maturity 
extension from the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanssivalvonta) (the FIN-FSA). 
• 
Derivative Contracts: The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into one or more derivative contracts in 
order to hedge against risks relating to the Bonds, Intermediary Loans, Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector 
Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for the Bonds (each a Derivative Contract). These 
Derivative Contracts and their collateral shall be entered into the Register, which the Issuer is required 
to maintain pursuant to Chapter 5 of the Covered Bond Act and will therefore constitute part of the

--- Page 11 ---
10 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. The Issuer may also enter into one or more derivative contracts to hedge 
against risks relating to other assets of the Issuer, but such derivative contracts will not be entered into 
the Register as supporting the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. Derivative Contracts rank pari passu with 
the Bonds and Management Costs (each such secured obligation ranking ahead of Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans) with respect to the statutory security over the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool conferred by the 
Covered Bond Act (as described in “Statutory Security” above). 
• 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans: A bankruptcy administrator or a liquidator of the Issuer may, upon the 
demand or with the consent of an attorney appointed by the FIN-FSA upon the bankruptcy or insolvency 
of the Issuer, conclude contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or take out liquidity credit (each a 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan) in accordance with Section 44 of the Covered Bond Act. These circumstances 
are described in greater detail in the “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered 
Bonds - Management of cover pool assets during liquidation or bankruptcy” section of this Base 
Prospectus. Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans have a priority with respect to the statutory security over the 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool conferred by the Covered Bond Act ranking behind the Bonds, Derivative 
Contracts and Management Costs, and any N-Bonds that may be issued (as described in “Statutory 
Security” above).

--- Page 12 ---
11 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Bonds, 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement).  
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Bonds” and “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds” shall have the 
same meanings in this summary. 
Issuer: 
OP Mortgage Bank 
Legal Identifier Number (LEI) 
743700IJXAGL8TGFRC33 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-investors/issuers/op-
mortgage-bank 
Information appearing on the Issuer’s website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, unless such information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ 
BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am 
Main, NatWest Markets N.V. and OP Corporate Bank plc and any 
other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Bonds denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting 
requirements 
apply 
will 
only 
be 
issued 
in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Bonds having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom (the UK), 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Bonds 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Bonds will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to

--- Page 13 ---
12 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. See also “Extended Maturity Date” below. 
Issue Price: 
Bonds may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Bonds: 
The Bonds will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of 
the Bonds”. 
Interest: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement): 
(a) the Bonds will bear interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date; 
and 
(b) if the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of a 
Series of Bonds is extended in accordance with Condition 
5.2, each such Bond will bear interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from and including the Maturity Date to 
but excluding the earlier of the Monthly Extended Maturity 
Date on which such Bond is redeemed in full and the Final 
Extended Maturity Date (each as defined in Condition 5.2) 
and such interest will be payable monthly in arrear on each 
Extended Interest Payment Date (as defined in Condition 
3.3) up to and including the Bond Maturity Date at the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
For the purposes of the Programme, Bonds will be: 
 
(a) in respect of the period from the Issue Date to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, Fixed Rate Bonds and/or 
Floating Rate Bonds, and 
(b) in respect of the period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Monthly Extended Maturity 
Date on which such Bond is redeemed in full or the Final 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be, Fixed Rate 
Bonds or Floating Rate Bonds, 
 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or prospectus (as 
appropriate).  
Fixed Rate Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Bonds: 
Floating Rate Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended

--- Page 14 ---
13 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Bonds of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Bonds. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Bonds: 
Floating Rate Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Bonds in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall consult 
with an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 3.5(g)) to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Rate, 
and in either case an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 3.5 
(Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Exempt Bonds: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Bonds. The Issuer may agree with 
any Dealer that Exempt Bonds may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the terms and conditions of the Bonds, in which 
event the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons) or that such Bonds will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Bondholders upon giving notice to the Bondholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
 
Bonds having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Bonds having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
 
See also “Extended Maturity Date” below. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
If a Final Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) as applying to a Series of Bonds, the maturity of 
such outstanding Bonds and the date on which such Bonds will 
be due and repayable may, subject to Condition 5.2, be extended 
up to but no later than the Final Extended Maturity Date.  
 
In the event of such extension, the Issuer may redeem the 
outstanding principal amount of such Bonds at their Final 
Redemption Amount on any Extended Interest Payment Date up 
to and including the Final Extended Maturity Date, subject to the 
permission of the FIN-FSA regarding the extension of maturity 
referred to in Condition 5.2.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
Denomination of Bonds: 
The Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Bond will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Bonds having a maturity of less than one year” 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Bond 
(other than an Exempt Bond) admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Bonds are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the 
time of issue of such Bonds). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Bonds will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 
6, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts 
so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Green Bonds: 
Bonds may be issued under the Programme as Green Bonds. See 
"Green Bonds". 
Status of the Bonds: 
The Bonds will be issued as covered bonds (katetut joukkolainat) 
and will constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will be covered in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Act and will therefore benefit 
from a priority right in the statutory security over the Covered 
Bond Cover Asset Pool. The Bonds will rank pari passu among 
themselves, Derivative Contracts, Management Costs, and any 
N-Bonds that may be issued with respect to the statutory 
security over the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Act (each such secured obligation 
ranking before Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans in relation to the 
statutory security). The priority right in the statutory security 
extends to the assets in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in 
their entirety. To the extent that claims of the Bondholders, in 
relation to the Bonds, are not met out of the assets of the Issuer 
that are covered in accordance with the Covered Bond Act, the 
residual claims of the Bondholders will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.     
 
The statutory security conferred on holders of the Bonds by the 
Covered Bond Act extends to Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector 
Loans owned by the Issuer and certain other types of assets 
which qualify for this purpose under the Covered Bond Act and 
are included in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. No security 
will be taken over assets of the Issuer which do not qualify for 
this purpose or which are not included in the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool, nor will any security be taken over the Issuer’s 
rights under any agreements entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme or Bonds issued thereunder.

--- Page 16 ---
15 
Rating: 
Bonds issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Bonds is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement). Rated Bonds issued 
under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned a 
rating of Aaa by Moody’s and a rating of AAA from S&P and/or a 
corresponding rating by another Rating Agency. Moody’s is 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. S&P is also established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of Moody’s 
and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation. 
As per Moody’s Global Long-Term Rating Scale in its Rating 
Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated ‘Aaa’ are judged to be 
of the highest quality with minimum risk. 
As per S&P’s Global Ratings Definitions for Long-Term Issue 
Credit Ratings, an obligation rated ‘AAA’ has the highest rating 
assigned, meaning the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments is extremely strong. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Bonds 
(other than the Exempt Bonds) issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market. 
References to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
Governing Law: 
The Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Bonds are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except for the 
provisions relating to the status of the Bonds, coverage of the 
Bonds, and the extension of maturity of the Bonds pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Act, which will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Finnish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Bonds 
in the United States, the EEA (including the Republic of Italy and 
Finland), the UK, Japan and Singapore and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Bonds, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
 
Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
The Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) 
(TEFRA D) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that Bonds 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (TEFRA C) 
or (ii) the Bonds are issued other than in compliance with TEFRA 
D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the Bonds will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA),

--- Page 17 ---
16 
which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Bonds issued under 
the Programme. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Bonds 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer 
based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Bonds issued under the 
Programme 
The Issuer is part of OP Financial Group and serves as the mortgage credit bank of OP Financial Group. Where 
certain factors are described below with references to OP Financial Group such factors are also relevant to the 
Issuer as part of OP Financial Group. 
Risks relating to the Issuer and its business 
Business Conditions and General Economy 
The profitability of the Issuer’s operations is affected by several factors, the most important being the general 
economic conditions in Finland or globally, volatility and level of interest rates, asset prices and exchange rates, 
and the Issuer’s competitive situation. Factors such as the development of public finances, inflation and 
development of household income and employment may affect the volume and performance of the Issuer’s 
business as well as its financial condition. An economic downturn in Finland or globally (for instance as a result 
of decreases in foreign trade or increases of raw material prices due to a global geopolitical crisis or caused by 
the coronavirus pandemic and measures taken to control the spread of the virus) could adversely affect the 
Issuer’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  
The Finnish economy is also expected to be affected adversely by a decline in foreign trade with Russia 
and an increase in inflation following rising raw material prices, following the invasion of Ukraine by Russia 
in February 2022 and subsequent implementation of sanctions and export controls by, among others, the 
United States and the European Union as well as measures adopted in response by Russia. Wider sanctions 
could be imposed and other actions taken should the conflict further escalate.  Currently it is not possible 
to assess all the effects of the ongoing geopolitical crisis, which is increasing economic uncertainty, but 
economic growth is likely to be slower and inflation higher, which may weaken the economic situation of 
some corporates and households. 
Russia’s aggressive war in Ukraine may have an indirect effect on OP Financial Group’s income and risks as a 
result of customers’ changed business conditions, the general market situation and obstruction of the technical 
infrastructure. The impacts may be realised, for example, in the following ways: 
• 
higher impairment loss on receivables 
• 
lower values of investment assets 
• 
effects of extensive sanctions and counter sanctions on OP Financial Group or its customers’ activities 
• 
higher price of wholesale funding 
• 
problems in business continuity as a result of cyber-attacks on OP Financial Group or its customers. 
Sanctions are not expected to adversely affect OP Financial Group directly. Instead, OP Financial Group may be 
indirectly negatively affected, because of the blocking sanctions imposed directly on the customers or their 
business partners. OP Financial Group may also be indirectly negatively affected because of the export and 
import restrictions applied to the customers’ operations.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
The effects of the possible negative impacts are dependent on the magnitude of the difficulties arising in 
relation to customers’ imports and/or exports. The effects of the possible negative impacts are also dependant 
on possible significant production, machinery and equipment situated in the impacted geographical areas. The 
difficulties may have an effect on the profitability of the customers of the OP Financial Group and in turn to the 
customer credit ratings. That again, can have a negative economic impact to the OP Financial Group through 
the possible deterioration in the quality of the credit portfolio. OP Financial Group has evaluated the risks of the 
ongoing situation and the possible impacts to its credit portfolio, but thus far, impacts are assessed to be 
relatively limited. 
Wholesale funding market activity can remain weak for a longer period of time due to exceptional 
circumstances and affect availability of wholesale funding. Margins can also increase and remain elevated for a 
longer period of time, which would negatively affect the results of the OP Financial Group. 
 
Factors such as the liquidity of the global financial markets, the level and volatility of equity and asset prices and 
interest rates, inflation, and availability and cost of funding could materially affect the activity level of the OP 
Financial Group’s customers. Significantly higher interest rates could adversely affect the values of balance 
sheet and off-balance sheet assets of the Issuer and OP Financial Group by increasing the risk that a greater 
number of its debtors would be unable to meet their obligations. However, interest rates rising above zero 
could increase the interest income of the OP Financial Group. Increasing volatility could also lead to losses in the 
OP Financial Group's trading portfolios and increase the magnitude of possible losses. Decrease in market 
liquidity or market disruptions could hinder the OP Financial Group’s ability to manage risk or close positions. 
Financial uncertainty and possible economic fluctuations may result in a decline in the volume of transactions 
that the OP Financial Group executes for its customers and, therefore, lead to a decline in the income it receives 
from fees and commissions. For example, higher levels of domestic or foreign interest rates or a downturn in 
the securities markets could decrease the value of assets under management or impact customers’ willingness 
to invest in assets with different risk profiles therefore leading to decrease in the fees the OP Financial Group 
earns for managing assets.  
In the opinion of the Issuer’s management, there is unusual uncertainty about economic prospects and the 
operating environment due to the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic (as further discussed below) and the current 
geopolitical crisis. The main risks of the Issuer are associated with developments in credit spreads, interest rates, 
asset prices and asset price volatility, loan impairments, availability of funding and funding costs, as well as the 
general operating environment. Nevertheless, developments in the general operating environment are 
generally beyond the control of the Issuer's management.  
A deterioration in the banking market or an economic downturn generally could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, results of operations or financial condition.  
A downward trend in the general economy would be likely to lead to growing credit losses as the Issuer’s 
debtors may be unable to meet their payment obligations. General consumer confidence and consumer 
spending would also be influenced by the downward trend. As a result, there would be a decline in the demand 
for loans and other financial services. An economic downturn could therefore adversely affect the Issuer’s 
income level.  
Covid-19 
The Finnish economy has recovered relatively quickly from the recession caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. 
There is still uncertainty caused by the Covid-19 pandemic and some areas of the economy may still face 
difficulties due to the lagged impact of the economic downturn or due to the ending of some economic policy 
measures. The exact ramifications of the coronavirus pandemic are highly uncertain, and it is difficult to predict 
the spread or duration of the pandemic.  Also, the long-term consequences of the pandemic on customer 
behaviour are highly uncertain. For example, retail customers’ needs for mortgages may change geographically 
and corporate customers’ needs for real estate may change. Both retail customers’ spending habits and 
corporate customers’ investment needs may change due to the pandemic. These long-term consequences are

--- Page 20 ---
19 
still highly uncertain but they may affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial 
condition.  
Risks Relating to Operational Activities 
The Issuer’s business operations require the ability to process a large number of loan transactions efficiently 
and accurately. Operational risks and related losses may result from inadequate internal processes, fraud, errors 
by employees, failure to properly document transactions, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and 
conduct of business rules, equipment failures or malfunctions of the Issuer’s own systems or the systems of the 
Issuer’s suppliers or cooperation partners or other external systems. Furthermore, operational risks may 
materialise in terms of loss or deterioration of reputation or trust. As for the Issuer, the most significant, 
identified operational risks pertain to systems, business processes, accuracy of documentation and secure 
processing, storage and transfer of information. Although the Issuer (as part of OP Financial Group) has 
implemented the risk controls and loss mitigation actions of OP Financial Group, no assurances can be made 
that such procedures will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding anything in this risk factor, this risk factor should not be taken as implying that either the Issuer 
or OP Financial Group will be unable to comply with its obligations as a company with securities admitted to the 
Official List. 
Credit Risk 
As the Issuer’s financial performance is affected by the credit quality of debtors and counterparties in Derivative 
Contracts, credit risk arises from the credit quality of the abovementioned parties. The recoverability of the 
loans granted by the Issuer or the Originators (as defined in “Intermediary Loan Agreements, Loan Acquisition 
and Limited Recourse to the Originators” below) is an inherent part of the Issuer’s business and therefore the 
control of credit risk is significant within the business of the Issuer as well as in OP Financial Group. Uncertainties 
related to pricing of credit risk and realization value and timing of the collateral could realize impairment 
(expected credit losses and final credit losses according to IFRS9 calculation) in the credit portfolio and weaken 
the profitability and financial position of the Issuer or OP Financial Group. In addition, expected credit losses do 
not necessarily correspond to the amount of realized credit losses. If the estimates made turn out to be 
inaccurate or insufficient, it could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's or OP Financial Group’s business, 
results of operations or financial condition. 
The credit risk management system of the Issuer is steered, examined, audited, and evaluated as a part of credit 
risk management of OP Financial Group. The credit risk management system applies both to the Issuer and to 
the Originators which grant the Mortgage Loans within the rules and regulations of OP Financial Group. 
Financial Risk 
The Issuer’s funding is influenced by various factors, such as the liquidity of global financial markets, interest 
rates, investor sentiment, inflation and the availability and cost of credit, which all are closely related to the 
general economic conditions. Any negative development affecting any of these factors could therefore have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results or operations and financial condition. For example, a decrease 
in market liquidity can affect the availability of funding for the Issuer or a rise in funding costs can have a 
negative impact on the financial results of the Issuer. 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risks arise when interest rate fixing periods or interest rate bases for assets and liabilities are 
mismatched. Although the Issuer enters into customised interest rate Derivative Contracts with the aim of 
reducing interest rate risks, the Issuer’s exposure to interest rate risks is not expected to be zero. A failure to 
manage this risk effectively could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
Liquidity Risk and Availability of Funding 
Liquidity risk means the risk of the Issuer being unable to meet its payment obligations and to refinance its loans 
when they fall due, and to meet its obligations as a debtor. The risk could materialise, for example, because of 
a decline in the liquidity of markets or downgrading of the Issuer’s credit rating or the Issuer being unable to 
maintain adequate liquidity. A decline in the Issuer’s liquidity or a substantial downgrading of the Issuer’s credit 
rating may adversely affect the availability and price of the Issuer’s funding and, as a consequence, weaken the 
Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 21 ---
20 
The wholesale funding markets (including the international debt capital markets) have experienced disruptions 
from time to time which have continued to a varying degree. Such disruptions have increased the funding costs 
and reduced the availability of the wholesale market funding across the financial services sector. The business 
of the Issuer and its respective ability to access sources of liquidity has been constrained as a result. If the 
wholesale funding markets deteriorate, it may have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and funding of all 
Finnish financial services institutions including the Issuer.  
Capital Adequacy 
Information regarding the Issuer’s capital structure and capital adequacy is set out in the “Description of OP 
Financial Group and the Loan Originators” section below. The Issuer’s banking licence is dependent upon the 
fulfilment of capital adequacy requirements in accordance with the applicable regulations. The Issuer’s capital 
structure and capital adequacy ratio may have an effect on the Issuer’s future credit ratings and the availability 
and costs of funding operations. Moreover, the absence of a sufficiently strong capital base may constrain the 
Issuer’s growth and strategic options. Significant unforeseen losses may create a situation under which the 
Issuer is unable to maintain its desired capital structure. 
The regulation of the financing and the investment service industry has been subject to major changes in 
Finland, in the European Union and internationally.  
Capital adequacy may be affected by supervisory actions, which may be implemented on the basis of 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP), by higher institution or country specific capital requirements 
or other supervisory initiatives. Supervisory actions may also limit the Issuer’s business possibilities. 
External Risks 
External risks relate, inter alia, to regulatory issues, unsteady political conditions, environmental disasters, 
pandemics and widespread public health crises (the impact of which will depend on future developments, which 
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted) as well as sanctions and other measures taken by sovereign 
governments that may hinder economic or financial activity levels. 
The Issuer’s business is subject to regulation and regulatory surveillance. Despite the Issuer’s current 
compliance with Finnish and European Union regulations as well as compliance with OP Financial Group’s risk 
management rules and regulations which are also applicable to the Issuer as part of OP Financial Group, to 
comply with current legislation it is always possible that may fail to comply with best practice or may in some 
other way fail to meet its obligations, although the Issuer seeks to minimise this risk through its internal controls. 
The Issuer is exposed to environmental risks such as, inter alia, natural catastrophes, pandemics and disasters. 
Any such incident could adversely affect the value of collateral and/or the debtors’ ability to fulfil their 
obligations, and/or the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Possible political instability or any other measures taken by local government where OP Financial Group or its 
service providers have IT related services or infrastructure, could cause material adverse effect on OP Financial 
Group’s operations, business or customers and therefore financial condition. Despite OP Financial Group’s 
continuity planning, which is constantly re-evaluated and updated, no assurances can be made that such 
measure will be effective in all circumstances.  
Regarding the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic on the Issuer’s and OP Financial Group’s operations and the 
Finnish economy, please see “Business Conditions and General Economy” above. 
There can also be no assurances that a potential tightening of liquidity conditions in the future as a result of, for 
example, further deterioration of public finances of certain European countries will not lead to new funding 
uncertainty, resulting in increased volatility and widening credit spreads. Risks related to the economic 
development in Europe have also had and, despite the recent periods of moderate stabilisation, may continue 
to have, a negative impact on global economic activity and the financial markets. If these conditions continue 
to persist or should there be any further turbulence in these or other markets, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to the Issuer. Further, 
any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and OP Financial Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and on the risk level of the Issuer’s loan portfolio and thus 
on the level of write-downs. 
OP Financial Group is not immune to a new competition which could arise from technological advancements. 
Technological advancements could provide new market and business opportunities to actors which are

--- Page 22 ---
21 
operating in financial field already, but any technological advancements could increase competition from 
outside of traditional banking actors. 
Though Finland currently has extremely steady political conditions, it is always possible (though the Issuer sees 
it as unlikely) that the political conditions could suddenly change, which might have a weakening impact on the 
legislation concerning the Issuer and affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations. 
Any of the external risks mentioned above, and the responses to them by governments and markets, could, 
together or individually, adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial 
condition, including the indirect effect on regional or global trade and/or the Issuer’s and OP Financial Group’s 
customers. 
Regulatory Risks  
European Resolution Regime  
The Issuer is subject to the resolution framework laid down in the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
2014/59/EU (BRRD) and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the SRMR). Pursuant 
to the SRMR, the resolution authority can place the Issuer under resolution if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, 
within the meaning of the SRMR. According to the preferred resolution strategy of OP Financial Group, the 
Issuer would be resolved separately from the rest of OP Financial Group if the group was deemed to be failing 
or likely to fail. Liabilities of the Issuer other than the Bonds, MBA-compliant covered bonds and other liabilities 
subject to statutory exemption may be subject to the powers assigned to the resolution authority by the SRMR 
to write down liabilities or to convert them into capital instruments in resolution (bail-in powers). The 
application of the bail-in powers may affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the Bondholders, if the 
OP Financial Group, as a whole, is failing or likely to fail. 
Secured debt, including covered bonds, is generally not within the scope of the bail-in powers set out in the 
SRMR or BRRD, as applicable. However, if the value of the collateral assets in a cover asset pool is not sufficient 
to cover all the corresponding payment obligations under the covered bonds, the outstanding payment 
obligations may be considered unsecured debt and may become subject to bail-in provisions.  In this case the 
resolution authority may also decide to amend or alter the maturity of the Bonds, the interest payable under 
the Bonds the date on which the interest becomes payable and to suspend payments or a predetermined period 
of time, in accordance with Chapter 12 Section 1 Paragraph 1 Indent 9 of the Resolution Act. The application of 
the resolution powers may affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the Bondholders. 
Harmonisation of the EU Covered Bond Framework 
 
As further disclosed in the section “Description of other legislation relevant to the Issuer, its business and the 
Bonds – Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework” of this Base Prospectus, the EU Covered Bond 
Directive came into effect on 7 January 2020 and was transposed into  domestic law by the new Act on Mortgage 
Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022, as amended) 
(the Covered Bond Act), effective as of 8 July 2022 and applicable to covered bonds issued after that date. See 
also “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds”.  
The Covered Bond Act repealed and replaced the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the MBA), however, so that the MBA continues to 
apply to covered bonds issued thereunder, unless (i) it has been agreed in the contractual terms of a covered 
bond to apply the legislation applicable to the covered bond in force from time to time, or (ii) the contractual 
terms of the covered bond provide that the laws applicable to the covered bonds can be amended, or (iii) the 
issuer and covered bondholders separately agree to apply the provisions of the Covered Bond Act. The FIN-FSA 
supervises mortgage credit bank operations under the Covered Bond Act and has been granted an authority 
under the Covered Bond Act to issue further regulations on, inter alia, procedures for assessing the quality of 
collateral, derivatives relating to the Bonds, calculating the liquidity buffer requirement, and disclosure 
obligations relating to covered bonds. The FIN-FSA has published a draft of regulations concerning reporting 
and calculation of the liquidity buffer requirement, and the final regulations are expected to enter into force on 
30 June 2023. However, otherwise, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FIN-FSA has issued no such 
regulations. Therefore, there can be no assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect of the new 
regime on the Bonds.

--- Page 23 ---
22 
Risks Relating to Prudential Regulation  
As described in more detail in the section “Description of other legislation relevant to the Issuer, its business and 
the Bonds – Prudential Regulation” of this Base Prospectus, the capital and liquidity requirements for credit 
institutions have been amended across the EU by amendments to the Capital Requirements Directive and the 
Capital Requirements Regulation by the Banking Package in order to implement the most recent amendments 
to the recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Framework).  
The Issuer has been exempted from the individual quantitative liquidity, leverage and, to some extent, from 
other prudential requirements by a waiver granted by OP Amalgamation pursuant to Article 10 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation and Section 21 of the Finnish Act on Amalgamations of Deposit Banks (laki 
talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended) (the Amalgamations Act). The possible regulatory 
risks are, therefore, limited to the consolidated level of OP Amalgamation. The Issuer or OP Financial Group do 
not foresee issues with complying with the new prudential requirements under the Banking Package. 
The amendments to the Basel Framework, referred to above, may have an impact on the capital and/or liquidity 
requirements in respect of the Bonds and/or on incentives to hold the Bonds for investors that are subject to 
requirements that follow the revised framework and, as a result, they may affect the liquidity and/or value of 
the Bonds. In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in 
respect of the Bonds and as to the consequences for and effect on them of any changes to the Basel framework 
and the relevant implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters 
on any investor or otherwise. 
Tax Risk 
OP Financial Group’s activities are subject to tax at various rates around the world computed in accordance with 
local legislation and practice. OP Financial Group’s business, including intra-group transactions, is conducted in 
accordance with OP Financial Group’s interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations and instructions 
from the tax authorities in the relevant countries. However, the applicable laws, tax treaties, court tax practice 
and tax authority administrative practice may change over time and the changes may have a retroactive effect 
in taxation. Any future legislative changes or decisions by tax authorities in Finland and other jurisdictions where 
OP Financial Group is active may impair the tax position of OP Financial Group. For instance, the Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (ATAD) and Directive (EU) 2017/952 amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
(ATAD II) may require Member States of the EU to amend their tax legislation or taxation practice and to 
implement, among other things, exit tax rules, limitations on the right to deduct interest expense and controlled 
foreign company rules as well as rules as regards hybrid mismatches. Finland has, for example, enacted 
regulation on hybrid mismatches, including reverse hybrid mismatches. Amendments due to the ATAD or ATAD 
II and other possible future amendments could increase OP Financial Group’s tax burden.  
Risks related to Bonds generally  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Bonds generally: 
Collection of Mortgage Loans and Default by Borrowers 
The Mortgage Loans which secure the Bonds will comprise loans secured on Property. A borrower may default 
on its obligation under such Mortgage Loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults under 
Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental yield reduction (in the case of 
investment Properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession 
frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international 
economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the 
availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. 
Other factors in borrowers’ individual, personal or financial circumstances may affect the ability of the 
borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or 
results of business operations and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and 
bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay 
the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a Property given as security for a Mortgage 
Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a 
number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that Property, the value of that Property and property 
values in general at the time.

--- Page 24 ---
23 
Extended Maturity of the Bonds 
If a Final Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, 
the Pricing Supplement) of the Bonds, the maturity of such outstanding Bonds and the date on which such 
Bonds will be due and payable may, upon fulfilment of certain conditions set out in the Covered Bond Act and 
subject to the permission of the FIN-FSA, be extended up to, but no later than, the Final Extended Maturity 
Date. In the event of such extension, the Issuer may redeem the outstanding principal amount of such Bonds at 
their Final Redemption Amount on any Extended Interest Payment Date up to and including the Final Extended 
Maturity Date, subject to the permission of the FIN-FSA. The extension of the maturity of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Bonds to a date falling after the Maturity Date will not result in any right of the 
Bondholders to accelerate payments on such Bonds and no payment will be payable to the Bondholders in that 
event other than as set out in the Conditions and with the permission of the FIN-FSA.  
Risks relating to Finland and the Finnish Mortgage Market  
Changes in the general economic situation of Finland, such as changes in interest and inflation rate levels, 
employment rates, household indebtedness levels, taxation, etc., may adversely affect the Finnish mortgage 
market, for example, through reducing the demand for mortgage loans, impairing the customers’ ability to 
repay their mortgage loans on time and/or in full, reducing the disposable values of the cover pool assets, and 
impairing the general activity of the Finnish mortgage market. Furthermore, there are factors which may 
increase the vulnerability in the Finnish mortgage market particularly, such as increase in the residential 
property prices, increase in the residential property price differences between growth centres (such as the 
Helsinki metropolitan area and other regional growth centres) and other areas in Finland, and growth in loans 
taken out by housing companies. Therefore, changes in the general economic situation of Finland and in the 
Finnish mortgage market may also affect the results of operations of the Issuer and, thus, the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Bonds on time and/or in full. 
Value of Security Over Property 
The security for a Mortgage Loan included in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool consists of, amongst other 
things, the Issuer’s interest in security over a Property. The value of such security and, accordingly, the level of 
recoveries on an enforcement of such security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value 
of Property and priority of such security. No assurance can be given that the values of relevant Properties will 
not decline or have not declined since the Mortgage Loan was originated. Where the Issuer enforces security 
over a Property, realisation of that security is likely to involve obtaining of a court decision confirming the 
payment obligation of the borrower and approving the sale of that Property through public auction. The ability 
of the Issuer to dispose of a Property without the consent of the borrower will depend on (i) the above decision 
by a court and the public auction (in the case of a mortgageable property but not in the case of shares in a 
housing or real estate company), (ii) the relevant housing market or commercial property market conditions at 
the relevant time and (iii) the availability of buyers for the relevant Property. 
Concentration of Location of Properties 
According to the Origination Criteria for the Mortgage Loans, all Mortgage Loans contained in the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool will be secured on Property located or incorporated in Finland. The value of the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool may decline sharply and rapidly in the event of a general downturn in the value of Property in 
Finland.  
The Secondary Market Generally 
The Bonds will have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Bonds easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Bonds generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Bonds. 
Default of Issuer’s Assets 
Default of the Issuer’s assets (in particular assets in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool) could jeopardise the 
Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Bonds in full or on a timely basis.

--- Page 25 ---
24 
Sharing of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
Under the Covered Bond Act, Bondholders (along with holders of any N-Bonds that may be issued, 
counterparties to Derivative Contracts, creditors of Management Costs and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans (ranking behind such other secured creditors)) are given a statutory priority right in the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer in relation to the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. The priority right in the statutory 
security extends to the assets in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in their entirety. Accordingly, 
notwithstanding that the Issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, Bondholders (along 
with counterparties to Derivative Contracts, creditors of Management Costs and holders of any N-Bonds that 
may be issued (each ranking prior to providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans)) have the right to receive payment 
before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. To the 
extent that claims of the Bondholders in respect of the Bonds are not met out of the Covered Bond Cover Asset 
Pool, the residual claims of the Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. Bondholders will not have any preferential right to the Issuer’s assets other than those 
marked for the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool (and will not have any preferential right to those assets marked 
for the Retained Bond Cover Asset Pool or the MBA Bond Cover Asset Pool). Given the pari passu ranking of the 
Bonds, Derivative Contracts, Management Costs and any N-Bonds that may be issued under the Covered Bond 
Act, in the event of the Issuer’s liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to Bondholders out 
of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the 
relevant time to counterparties of Derivative Contracts and creditors of Management Costs and holders of any 
N-Bonds. 
The funds accruing from the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool after the commencement of liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings are, under the Covered Bond Act, entered into the Register as collateral until the 
Bondholders, counterparties to Derivative Contracts, creditors of Management Costs and any holders of any N-
Bonds that may be issued as well as providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans (ranking behind other such secured 
obligations) are repaid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bonds, N-Bonds, Derivative Contracts 
and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, as applicable. Such provision of the Covered Bond Act shall also be applied to 
the funds accrued to the Issuer after the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings on the 
basis of Derivative Contracts marked for the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool.   
Liquidity risk post liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and an Originator 
Due to limitations set out in applicable Finnish legislation, neither the Issuer, under liquidation, nor its 
bankruptcy estate could issue covered bonds. Under the Covered Bond Act, the bankruptcy administrator or 
the liquidator, as applicable (upon the demand or with the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) 
may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of Mortgage Loans and other assets in the Covered Bond Cover 
Asset Pool to fulfil the obligations relating to the Bonds. Also, in case of liquidation or bankruptcy of a member 
of OP Financial Group acting as borrower under an Intermediary Loan (the Originator), the bankruptcy 
administrator or the liquidator appointed to such Originator, as applicable (upon the demand of a supervisor 
appointed to such member by the FIN-FSA), may sell assets in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool to fulfil the 
obligations relating to the Intermediary Loan. Further, the bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator, as 
applicable (upon the demand or with the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take out 
liquidity loans and enter into other agreements to secure liquidity. Counterparties in such liquidity credit 
transactions benefit from the statutory security over Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool but will rank behind 
holders of Bonds, existing derivative counterparties, creditors of Management Costs and holders of any N-
Bonds that may be issued with respect to assets in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. However, there can be 
no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy estate or the insolvent Issuer, as applicable, to raise post-
bankruptcy or post-liquidation liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full and timely 
payments to holders of Bonds, existing derivative counterparties, holders of any N-Bonds that may be issued 
and creditors of Management Costs.  
Ability of Supervisor to declare Bonds and Intermediary Loans due and payable 
If the Issuer or an Originator is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the requirements for the total 
amount of collateral of the Bonds in Section 24 of the Covered Bond Act cannot be fulfilled, a supervisor 
appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand or consent to the liquidator or bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer 
or the Originator, as applicable, declaring the Bonds and the Intermediary Loans relating thereto due and 
payable and selling the assets placed as collateral for the Bonds. Holders of Bonds should be aware therefore 
that their Bonds may be declared forthwith due and payable prior to their Maturity Date.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
Intermediary Loan Agreements, Loan Acquisition and Limited Recourse to the Originators 
The Mortgage Loans in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool are primarily placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset 
Pool under intermediary loan arrangements, meaning that the Issuer enters in the Register Mortgage Loans 
from the balance sheets of those Member Cooperative Banks, which are borrowers under Intermediary Loans, 
to support the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. In addition, by virtue of the Framework Agreements, the Issuer 
is also entitled to purchase Mortgage Loans from the Member Cooperative Banks for the purpose of including 
them in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool if the Issuer considers such purchase necessary in order to fulfil the 
requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act or the terms and conditions of the Bonds, as applicable. However, 
there will not be a Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in place until the first issuance of the Covered Bonds, upon 
which, it will consist of Mortgage Loans which are in the balance sheets of the Member Cooperative Banks, and 
the Issuer does not intend to acquire Mortgage Loans for the purposes of including them in the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool. For further information, see “Description of OP Mortgage Bank – Summary of the Intermediary 
Loan Agreements” and “Description of the Intermediary Loan Agreements and the Framework Agreements”. The 
Issuer may also enter Public-Sector Loans in the Register from the balance sheets of the Member Cooperative 
Banks or purchase Public-Sector Loans from them, in which case the position set out below regarding Mortgage 
Loans applies equally to Public-Sector Loans unless otherwise stated.  
The Issuer is required under the Covered Bond Act to ensure that a Mortgage Loan, which has been originated 
by a member of OP Financial Group (an Originator) and (i) which the Issuer has purchased from the Originator 
for the purpose of including it in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool or (ii) which the Originator, acting as 
borrower under an Intermediary Loan, has placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool through registering 
the Mortgage Loan in the Register from its balance sheet as security for the Bonds in connection with the 
Intermediary Loan, and its collateral meets the requirements regarding the collateral of Bonds set out in the 
Covered Bond Act and the terms of the Bonds, as applicable.  
The Issuer is also required under the Covered Bond Act to ensure that the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
continuously fulfils the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and the contractual terms of the Bonds if 
the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool contains Mortgage Loans which an Originator has placed from its balance 
sheet as security for the Bonds in connection with an Intermediary Loan. In relation to Mortgage Loans placed 
from the balance sheets of the Originators, the Intermediary Loan Agreements specify the procedures which 
ensure that the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool continuously complies with the requirements set out in the 
Covered Bond Act and the terms of the Bonds, including, inter alia, the process of pooling of Mortgage Loans. 
The Issuer is required to monitor the composition of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the 
requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and, where necessary, take the relevant action to fulfil the 
requirements set out for the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in the Covered Bond Act.  
The Originators have also warranted to the Issuer in the Framework Agreements and/or Intermediary Loan 
Agreements (as the case may be) regarding both Mortgage Loans placed from the balance sheets of the 
Originators and Mortgage Loans purchased by the Issuer, inter alia, that each Mortgage Loan and its related 
security and the nature and circumstances of the borrower satisfies the requirements of the Covered Bond Act 
and the regulations made thereunder prior to the entering of the Mortgage Loans in the Register. Otherwise, 
none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers has made or caused to be made (or will make or cause to be 
made) on its behalf any enquiry, search or investigation in relation to compliance by the relevant Originator or 
any other person with the lending criteria or origination procedures or the adequacy thereof or with any 
applicable laws or in relation to the execution, legality, validity, perfection, adequacy of enforceability of any 
Mortgage Loan or the related security. The Issuer will also rely on the warranties given by the relevant Originator 
in the relevant Framework Agreement or Intermediary Loan Agreement, as the case may be.   
 
In case of a breach of warranty by an Originator under an Intermediary Loan Agreement in relation to a 
Mortgage Loan placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheet of an Originator, the Issuer 
is, inter alia, entitled to remove such Mortgage Loan from the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool (by removing it 
from the Register) and placing new Mortgage Loans from the balance sheet of the Originator in the Covered 
Bond Cover Asset Pool (by entering them in the Register) in order to fulfil the requirements set out in the 
Covered Bond Act and the terms of the Bonds, as applicable. By virtue of the Framework Agreements, the 
Originators are also obliged to sell Mortgage Loans to the Issuer if the Issuer deems this necessary to fulfil the 
requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and the terms of the Bonds, as applicable. In case of breach of 
warranty under a Framework Agreement by an Originator in relation to a Mortgage Loan, which is either in the

--- Page 27 ---
26 
balance sheet of an Originator or which has been purchased by the Issuer, the Issuer is entitled to, inter alia, 
require that the Originator indemnifies the breach. Also, in case of breach relating to a Mortgage Loan which 
has been purchased by the Issuer, the Issuer is also entitled to require that such Mortgage Loan and its related 
security is transferred back to the respective Originator. 
No Events of Default 
The terms and conditions of the Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, and therefore 
the terms and conditions of the Bonds do not entitle Bondholders to accelerate the Bonds. As such, it is 
envisaged that Bondholders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Bonds as and when 
they fall due under the terms and conditions of the Bonds. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into one or more Derivative Contracts in order to hedge against risks 
relating to the Bonds or Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for such Bonds. 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets from time to time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Bonds (which may, for instance, 
include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which 
track a base rate) and the interest rate(s) under the Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time enter into one or 
more interest rate swap transactions, and to provide a hedge against possible variances in the currency in which 
payments will be made to the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Loans and other assets from time to time held 
by the Issuer as collateral for the Bonds and the currencies in which the Issuer will be required to make payments 
in respect of the Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time enter into currency swap transactions. 
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments in the relevant currency and/or at the 
relevant rate of interest under the relevant Derivative Transaction, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the 
relevant rates of interest and/or the relevant currency exchange rates. Unless one or more replacement 
Derivative Contracts are entered into, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the 
Bonds.  
Risks relating to the UK’s exit from the European Union (EU) 
The UK left the European Union on 31 January 2020 (Brexit) and the transition period, during which EU law 
continued to apply to the UK, ended on 31 December 2020. As a result, the Treaty on the European Union and 
the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union no longer apply to the UK and the UK is also no longer 
part of the European Economic Area. On 30 December 2020, the EU and the UK signed an agreement (the Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement), setting out the principles governing the relationship between the EU and the UK 
following the end of the transition period. However, notwithstanding the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, 
Brexit has resulted in substantial changes to the law in the UK and the Trade and Cooperation Agreement is not 
comprehensive in all respects. For example, the Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed 
framework to govern the cross-border provision of financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU 
into the UK. Accordingly, there remains uncertainty as to the terms under which the UK will trade with EU 
countries as well as with third party countries with whom trade is currently conducted under EU free trade 
agreements. More broadly, the impact of Brexit on the economic outlook of the Eurozone and the UK, and 
associated global implications, remain uncertain notwithstanding the existence of Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement. Any of these effects of Brexit, and others that OP Financial Group cannot anticipate, could adversely 
affect OP Financial Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could 
negatively impact the value of the Bonds.  
Change of Law 
The structure of the Programme and, inter alia, the terms and conditions of the Bonds are based on English law 
and Finnish law, in each case in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. In particular, this Base Prospectus 
describes the features of the Covered Bond Act as it applies at the date of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer will 
issue Bonds in accordance with the Covered Bond Act as it applies from time to time, including any successor 
legislation which governs the issuances of covered bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to English law, the Covered Bond Act and/or any other aspect of Finnish law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 28 ---
27 
Bonds where Denominations Involve Integral Multiples: Definitive Bonds 
In relation to any issue of Bonds which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Bonds may be 
traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
Bond in respect of such holding (should definitive Bonds be printed) and would need to purchase such a 
principal amount of Bonds that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Bonds are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Bonds which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds Untested/Absence of a Market for the Bonds 
There is likely to be only a limited existing secondary or other market for covered bonds issued under the 
Covered Bond Act, and there is limited existing liquidity in Finnish covered bonds. No assurance can be given as 
to the continuation or effectiveness of any market-making activity. The protection afforded to the holders of 
the Bonds by means of a preference on the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool is based only on the Covered Bond 
Act. Although the Covered Bond Act regulates the operations of mortgage credit banks in detail, there is 
currently limited practical experience in relation to the operation of the Covered Bond Act. 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Bonds and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Bonds. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Bonds 
A wide range of Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Bonds may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Bonds Linked to a Benchmark 
Various interest rate benchmarks (including EURIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still being implemented, including pursuant to the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
Benchmark Regulation).  
Following the announcement in 2017 by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) that it would no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021, ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (the IBA) ceased the publication of sterling, euro, yen and Swiss franc LIBOR settings 
immediately after 31 December 2021.  The IBA has announced that it will cease publishing most U.S. dollar 
settings immediately after 30 June 2023. 
Separately, EURIBOR has been reformed to be calculated using a hybrid methodology and a related workstream 
is underway to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate, 
as to which, see risk factor entitled “The market continues to develop in relation to €STR as reference rates for

--- Page 29 ---
28 
Floating Rate Bonds” below). The effects of this are uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts 
available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Bonds. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or 
any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Bonds and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Bonds. Changes in the manner of administration of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate 
benchmark could result in adjustment to the Conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the Issuer, 
delisting or other consequences in relation to the Bonds. No assurance may be provided that relevant changes 
will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such 
benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to the Bonds.  
If a Benchmark Event occurs, any consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on any such affected Floating Rate 
Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Bonds and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Bonds. Changes in the manner of administration of EURIBOR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark could result in adjustment to the Conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation 
by the Issuer, delisting or other consequences in relation to the Bonds. No assurance may be provided that 
relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or 
that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to the Bonds. 
Separately, the Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Bonds linked to a “benchmark”, 
including in any of the following circumstances: 
(I) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or register or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not otherwise recognised as equivalent; and 
(II) 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
benchmark. 
Either of the above could potentially lead to the Bonds being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or otherwise 
affected depending on the particular “benchmark” and the applicable terms of the Bonds. 
In addition, any other international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
“benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
The market continues to develop in relation to €STR as reference rates for Floating Rate Bonds 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Floating Rate Bonds with interest determined on the basis of the 
reference rate €STR. 
The €STR is published by the European Central Bank (the ECB) and is intended to reflect the wholesale euro 
unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the euro area. The ECB reports that the €STR is 
published on each TARGET business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous TARGET 
business day (the reporting date T) with a maturity date of T+1 which are deemed to have been executed at 
arm's length and thus reflect market rates in an unbiased way.

--- Page 30 ---
29 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the terms and conditions of the Bonds and used in relation to Bonds that reference a risk-free 
rate issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in future also issue Bonds referencing €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Compounded Daily €STR-
referenced Bonds issued by it under the Programme. The development of €STR as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any €STR-referenced Bonds issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Bonds which reference Compounded Daily €STR is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date (or 
other date on which accrued interest may become due on the Bonds). It may be difficult for investors in Bonds 
which reference Compounded Daily €STR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such Bonds, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Bonds without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Bonds. Further, in contrast to, for example, 
EURIBOR-based Bonds, if Bonds referencing Compounded Daily €STR are redeemed early on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Bonds shall 
only be determined on the date on which the Bonds become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared to the application and adoption of €STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of €STR reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Bonds referencing €STR. 
Since €STR is a relatively new market index, Bonds that reference €STR may have no established trading market 
when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for 
debt securities indexed to €STR such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may 
evolve over time, and trading prices of such Bonds may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt 
securities as a result. Further, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in securities like Bonds which reference 
Compounded Daily €STR, the trading price of such Bonds which reference Compounded Daily €STR may be lower 
than those of Bonds linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Bonds may not be able to sell 
such Bonds at all or may not be able to sell such Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that €STR will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Bonds which 
reference Compounded Daily €STR. Further, if Compounded Daily €STR as set out in the terms and conditions of 
the Bonds does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Bonds, the trading price of such Bonds 
linked to €STR may be lower than those of Bonds linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such 
Bonds may not be able to sell such Bonds at all or may not be able to sell such Bonds at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
In respect of any Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
Green Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus may be issued pursuant to the Issuer’s Green Covered Bond 
Framework. The Framework is subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time, and while such changes would be made publicly available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-investors/green-bonds/green-covered-bonds ), 
there is no obligation on the Issuer to consult with, or seek the consent of, investors prior to any such changes. 
Please see the section entitled “Green Bonds” for further information on the Green Covered Bond Framework.  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Bonds may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply the proceeds from an offer of those Bonds, for Green Assets. Prospective investors should have regard 
to the information in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Bonds together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is or can be given to investors 
that the use of such proceeds for any Green Assets will satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its

--- Page 31 ---
30 
investments is or are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, the relevant Green Assets. A basis for the determination of what constitutes a “green” project or what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” has been established in the EU 
with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament, later supplemented with annexes, and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
EU Taxonomy). The EU Taxonomy, however, is subject to interpretation and further development. Also, it is not 
a legal requirement to apply the EU Taxonomy’s technical screening criteria to Green Bonds, and there is no 
guarantee that the criteria will become market consensus as to what constitutes “green”. The Issuer’s intention 
is to comply with the EU Taxonomy on a best effort basis.  
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission published a proposal for a European Green Bond Standard (EUGBS) 
intended to be a voluntary “gold standard” for green bonds that aims to allow companies and public bodies to 
raise large scale financing more easily for climate and environmentally friendly investments and protect 
investors from greenwashing. Under the proposed framework, the EUGBS would require issuers to (i) allocate 
the funds raised fully to projects that are aligned with the EU Taxonomy; (ii) provide full transparency on how 
bond issuance proceeds are allocated through detailed reporting requirements; (iii) have all European green 
bonds checked by an external reviewer to ensure compliance with the EUGBS and EU Taxonomy alignment of 
funded projects. Under the EUGBS, reviewers must be registered and supervised by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (ESMA). The European Council and the European Parliament have since published 
position papers on the EUGBS ahead of trilogue discussions between the three European institutions.   
The Bonds do not purport to be structured in compliance with the EUGBS. Accordingly, no assurance is or can 
be given to investors that an investment in the Bonds will meet any standards resulting from the EUGBS or other 
equivalently labelled performance objectives.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Bonds and in particular with any Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion or 
certification was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that informed the provider of such opinion 
or certification may change at any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments is or are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Bonds 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Bonds. 
Payment of any principal or interest in respect of such Bonds will be made from the Issuer’s general funds and 
will not be directly linked to the performance of any Green Assets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Bonds so specified for Green Assets in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
Green Asset and the use of the proceeds of such Bonds will be, or will be capable of being, implemented in, or

--- Page 32 ---
31 
substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly any proceeds 
of such Bonds will be totally or partially used for such Green Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such 
Green Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or 
not related to the environment) originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by 
the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Bonds. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Bonds for any Green Assets as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal or amendment of any third party opinion or certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer), 
and/or the amendment of any criteria on which such opinion or certification was given, or any such third party 
opinion or certification stating that the Issuer is not complying or fulfilling relevant criteria, in whole or in part, 
with respect to any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying and/or any such Bonds 
no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of such Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Bonds which 
are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Bonds Subject to Optional Redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of the Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Bonds, the market value of those Bonds generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Bonds may be less favourable than the then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Bonds. 
Bonds Issued at a Substantial Discount or Premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 33 ---
32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available for viewing on the website 
of the Issuer at https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/publications/op-mortgage-bank-publications (in relation to 
financial 
statements 
incorporated 
by 
reference) 
and 
https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-
investors/issuers/op-mortgage-bank/debt-programme-documentation (in relation to the terms and conditions 
of historic prospectuses incorporated by reference). 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank of 
Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the auditor’s report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer (excluding the section entitled “Outlook” on page 9) including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Income Statement
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 11  
 
Balance Sheet
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 12 
 
Cash Flow Statement
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 13 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 14 
 
Accounting Policies and Notes
 .............................................................................................................................................  Pages 16 to 50 
 
Auditor’s Report
 .............................................................................................................................................  Pages 52 to 55 
 
 
Any other information not listed above but contained in such document is incorporated by reference for 
information purposes only; 
2. 
the auditor’s report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer (excluding the section entitled “Outlook” on page 9) including 
the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Income Statement
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 11  
 
Balance Sheet
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 12 
 
Cash Flow Statement
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 13 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 14 
 
Accounting Policies and Notes
 .............................................................................................................................................  Pages 16 to 52 
 
Auditor’s Report
 .............................................................................................................................................  Pages 54 to 57  
 
Any other information not listed above but contained in such document is incorporated by reference for 
information purposes only; 
3. 
the interim unaudited non-consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2022 of 
the Issuer excluding the section entitled “Outlook towards the year end” on pages 4 and 5; including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular:

--- Page 34 ---
33 
Income Statement
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 6 
 
Balance Sheet
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 7 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 7 
 
Cash Flow Statement
 .............................................................................................................................................  Page 8 
 
 
Any other information not listed above but contained in such document is incorporated by reference for 
information purposes only: 
4. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 38 to 58 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 20 November 2014; 
5. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 47 to 67 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 9 November 2015;  
6. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 48 to 68 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 23 February 2017;  
7. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 49 to 69 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 23 February 2018;  
8. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 51 to 79 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 12 December 2018;  
9. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 50 to 73 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 11 December 2019;  
10. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 51 to 75 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 4 November 2020; and  
11. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes as set out at pages 54 to 78 of the prospectus of the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme dated 2 November 2021. 
Where only certain parts of a document are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant to the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
34 
SUPPLEMENTS AND NEW BASE PROSPECTUSES 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Bonds, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Bonds.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
FORM OF THE BONDS 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Bonds will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global bond 
(a Temporary Global Bond) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global bond (a 
Permanent Global Bond) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Bonds are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, (a) be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and (b) the relevant clearing 
systems will be notified whether or not such Global Bonds are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow eurosystem eligibility; and  
(ii) 
if the Global Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Bond, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Bonds due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Bond if the Temporary Global Bond is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Bond are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based 
on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Bond is issued (the Exchange Date), interests 
in such Temporary Global Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Bond of the same Series or (b) for definitive Bonds of the same Series 
with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Bonds, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in 
each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already 
been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Bond for an interest in a Permanent Global Bond or for definitive Bonds is improperly withheld 
or refused. 
In relation to any issue of Bonds which are represented by a Temporary Global Bond which is expressed to be 
exchangeable for definitive bearer Bonds at the option of Bondholders, such Bonds shall be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the 
lowest Specified Denomination) and multiples thereof. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Bond, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “Payment Day” as set out in Condition 4.5 (Payment Day). 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Bond will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Bond if the Permanent Global Bond is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Bonds with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the

--- Page 37 ---
36 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Bond) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on each Permanent Global Bond and Definitive Bond to which TEFRA D applies 
and which has an original maturity of more than 365 days, and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Bonds: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) 
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bonds, Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bonds, Coupons or Talons. 
Bonds which are represented by a Global Bond will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Bonds is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Bonds, the Bonds of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which 
are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Bonds of any other Tranche of the same Series until 
at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Bonds of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Where any Bond is represented by a Global Bond and the Global Bond (or any part thereof) has become due 
and repayable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Bonds and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Bond then the Global Bond will become 
void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Bond credited 
to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 11 
October 2022 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 38 ---
37 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the applicable Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Bonds which are not Exempt 
Bonds and which are issued under the Programme with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
 Final terms dated [●]  
OP Mortgage Bank 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 743700IJXAGL8TGFRC33 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Bonds] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the [●] [●] Bonds due [●] 
issued on [●] (the Original Bonds))] 
under the €25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [•] 2022 which [, as supplemented by a supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●] 
(the Supplement),] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus [, as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [, as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [is/and the Supplement are] available for 
viewing at and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
contained in the Agency Agreement dated [original date] and set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] 2022 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] [which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
[current date]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated [•] 2022[, as supplemented by a supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] 2022 (the 
Supplement),] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms [,/and] the Base 
Prospectus dated [•] 2022 [and the Supplement]. Copies of the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement] are 
available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg.  
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS 
MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) AND THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES (CAPITAL 
MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018 OF SINGAPORE (THE CMP REGULATIONS 2018) – In connection with 
Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
persons (including all relevant persons as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Bonds are prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale and Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 1] 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
 
1 
For any Covered Bonds to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to launch of the offer.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in the UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.”] 
1 
 
Issuer: 
OP Mortgage Bank 
2 
 
(a) Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c) Date on which Bonds become 
fungible: 
[The Bonds issued under these Final Terms will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the Original 
Bonds, details of which are included in the Final Terms 
dated [●] under Series [●]. The Bonds will become fungible 
with existing Series [●] forty (40) days after the Issue Date.]

--- Page 40 ---
39 
3 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(a) Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
5 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6 
 
(a) Specified Denominations: 
 
 
 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]. No Bonds in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [●]] 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
8 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
 
(a) Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date 
[●] 
 
(b) Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date to (and including) 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
10 
 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
11 
 
Interest Basis: 
 
 
(a) Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] +/- [●]per cent. Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph [16] [17] below) 
 
(b) Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date to (and including) 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[●] +/- [●]per cent. Floating Rate]  
(see paragraph [18] [19] below) 
12 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
13 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[ISDA Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] / [Not 
Applicable] 
14 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(see paragraph [20] [21] below) 
15 
 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Bonds obtained: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 41 ---
40 
Provisions relating to Interest (if any) payable (to Maturity Date) 
16 
 
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions 
 
 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
17 
 
Floating Rate Bond Provisions 
 
 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] (or any successor or 
replacement rate) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (or any successor or replacement page) 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
€STR Shift Period (p):  
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]]  
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
[• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]

--- Page 42 ---
41 
 
[• 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[●] Month] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA); Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(xiii) Benchmark Discontinuation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Interest (if any) payable from Maturity Date up to [Final Extended Maturity Date] 
18 
 
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions 
 
 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date to (and including) [Final 
Extended Maturity Date]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
19 
 
Floating Rate Bond Provisions 
 
 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date to (and including) Final 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 43 ---
42 
Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] (or any successor or 
replacement rate) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (or any successor or replacement rate) 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
€STR Shift Period (p):  
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]]  
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
[• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
[• 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[●] Month] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA); Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
Provisions relating to Redemption 
 
20 
 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Bond:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
 
(c) If redeemable in part:  
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:  
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[●]

--- Page 44 ---
43 
21 
 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Bond:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
22 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Bond:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]] 
 
23 
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Bond payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
General Provisions applicable to the Bonds 
24 
 
Form of Bonds:  
 
 
(a) Form:  
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Bond which is exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Bonds shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except 
to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for 
the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with 
Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] 
 
(b) New Global Note:  
[Yes] [No] 
25 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
26 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bonds 
[Yes]/[No] 
27 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Bonds clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
28 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Bonds clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
29 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA D/ TEFRA C/ TEFRA not 
applicable]  
30 
 
Green Bond:  
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 45 ---
44 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from third party sources: [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: .....................................................................  
By: .....................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 46 ---
45 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and listing on 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[●].][Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●].]  
 
 
(b)   
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
2 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Bonds to be issued [have been]/[are expected 
to be] assigned the following rating: 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
[The Bonds to be issued have not been assigned any 
rating] 
 
3 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager / Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Bonds has an interest material to the offer.] 
4 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[●] 
 
5 
Yield to Maturity Date (Fixed Rate Bonds only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]

--- Page 47 ---
46 
6 
Operational Information 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[The temporary ISIN code is [●]. After the Exchange Date, 
the ISIN code will be [●]] 
(b) Common Code: 
[●] 
[The temporary Common Code is [●]. After the Exchange 
Date, the Common Code will be [●].] 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●])] 
(d) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(e) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes. Bond that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Bonds will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Bonds are 
capable of meeting them the Bonds may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Bond that 
this does not necessarily mean 
that the Bonds will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]  
(g) Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] is provided by [European 
Money Markets Institute/Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility/Norske Finansielle Referanser/European Central 
Bank]]. As at the date hereof, [[specify benchmark 
administrator][appears]/[does not appear]] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation and as far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR

--- Page 48 ---
47 
apply such that [specific benchmark administrator] is not 
required to obtain authorisation or registration]]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark administrator] is not required to be registered 
by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(h) Trade Date: 
[Pricing Date to be included] 
 
7 
Distribution  
(a) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(b) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
8 
Reasons for the Offer 
Reason for the offer 
The proceeds of the issue of the Bonds will be used by 
the Issuer for general corporate purposes. /An amount 
equivalent to the proceeds of the issue of the Bonds 
(being Green Bonds) will be used in accordance with the 
OP Mortgage Bank’s Green Covered Bond Framework, 
as discussed in "Green Bonds" in the Base 
Prospectus./[•]

--- Page 49 ---
48 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the applicable Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Bonds 
issued under the Programme (whatever their denomination) pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE ISSUE OF BONDS 
DESCRIBED BELOW. THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT AND THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT SHALL NOT FORM PART OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
APPROVED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND. 
Pricing Supplement dated [●]  
OP Mortgage Bank 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) is 743700IJXAGL8TGFRC33 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Bonds] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with the [●] [●] Bonds due [●] 
issued on [●] (the Original Bonds))] 
under the €25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Bonds may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Bonds described herein. This document must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [•] 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] (the 
Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be 
obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
contained in the Agency Agreement dated [original date] and set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] 2022 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] [which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [•] 
2022].  
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS 
MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) AND THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES (CAPITAL 
MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018 OF SINGAPORE (THE CMP REGULATIONS 2018) – In connection with 
Section 309(B) of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
persons (including all relevant persons as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Bonds are prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale and Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 2] 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
 
2 
For any Covered Bonds to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to launch of the offer.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered,   
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in the UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
1 
 
Issuer: 
OP Mortgage Bank 
2 
 
(a) Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c) Date on which Bonds become 
fungible: 
[The Bonds issued under this Pricing Supplement will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the Original 
Bonds, details of which are included in the Pricing 
Supplement dated [●] under Series [●]. The Bonds will 
become fungible with existing Series [●] forty (40) days 
after the Issue Date.]

--- Page 51 ---
50 
3 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(a) Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
5 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6 
 
(a) Specified Denominations: 
 
 
 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]. No Bonds in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [●]] 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
8 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
 
(a) Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date 
[●] 
 
(b) Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date to (and including) 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
10 
 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[●] 
11 
 
Interest Basis: 
 
 
(a) Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
Maturity Date: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] +/- [●]per cent. Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph [16] [17] below) 
 
(b) Period from (but excluding) 
Maturity Date to (and including) 
Final Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[●] +/- [●]per cent. Floating Rate]  
(see paragraph [18] [19] below) 
12 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Other (specify)] 
13 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[ISDA Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] / [Not 
Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
14 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(see paragraph [20] [21] below)

--- Page 52 ---
51 
15 
 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Bonds obtained: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Interest (if any) payable (to Maturity Date) 
16 
 
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions 
 
 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
17 
 
Floating Rate Bond Provisions 
 
 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] (or any successor or 
replacement rate) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (or any successor or replacement page) 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
€STR Shift Period (p):  
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
[• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]]

--- Page 53 ---
52 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
[• 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[●] Month] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA); Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(xiii) Benchmark Discontinuation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Interest (if any) payable from Maturity Date up to [Final Extended Maturity Date] 
18 
 
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions 
 
 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date to (and including) Final 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
19 
 
Floating Rate Bond Provisions 
 
 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date to (and including) Final 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 54 ---
53 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]/[Other 
(specify)] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] (or any successor or 
replacement rate) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (or any successor or replacement rate) 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
€STR Shift Period (p):  
[[●]/[Five] TARGET Settlement Days][Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
[• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
[• 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[●] Month] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA); Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
Provisions relating to Redemption 
 
20 
 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Bond and method, if any, 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]

--- Page 55 ---
54 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s):  
 
(c) If redeemable in part:  
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:  
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[●] 
21 
 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Bond and method, if any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s):  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
22 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Bond:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]] 
 
23 
 
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Bond payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons and/or method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions):  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]  
General Provisions applicable to the Bonds 
24 
 
Form of Bonds:  
 
 
(a) Form:  
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Bond which is exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Bonds shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except 
to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for 
the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with 
Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] 
 
(b) New Global Note:  
[Yes] [No] 
25 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
26 
 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Bonds 
[Yes]/[No] 
27 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Bonds clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the

--- Page 56 ---
55 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
28 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Bonds clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
29 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA D/ TEFRA C/ TEFRA not 
applicable]  
30 
 
Green Bond 
[Yes]/[No] 
31 
 
Other terms or special conditions 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from third party sources: [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: .....................................................................  
By: .....................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 57 ---
56 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Bonds to be listed on [●] [specify 
market - note this must not be a regulated market] 
with effect from [●].][Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Bonds to 
be listed on [●] [specify market - note this must not be 
a regulated market] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
2 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Bonds to be issued [have been]/[are expected 
to be] assigned the following rating: 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
[The Bonds to be issued have not been assigned any 
rating] 
 
3 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager / Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Bonds has an interest material to the offer.] 
4 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[●] 
 
5 
Yield to Maturity Date (Fixed Rate Bonds only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
 
6 
Operational Information 
(a) ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[The temporary ISIN code is [●]. After the Exchange 
Date, the ISIN code will be [●].]

--- Page 58 ---
57 
(b) Common Code: 
[●] 
[The temporary Common Code is [●]. After the 
Exchange Date, the Common Code will be [●].] 
(c) Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●])] 
(d) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(e) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes. Bond that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Bonds will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria 
have 
been 
met.] 
/
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Bonds are capable of meeting them the Bonds 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily 
mean
that the Bonds will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
(g) Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/€STR] is provided by 
[European Money Markets Institute/Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility/Norske Finansielle 
Referanser/European Central Bank]. As at the date 
hereof, [[specify benchmark 
administrator][appears]/[does not appear]] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation and as

--- Page 59 ---
58 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply 
such that [specify benchmark administrator] [is not 
required to obtain authorisation or registration]/[is 
not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of 
the Benchmark Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) Trade Date: 
[Pricing Date to be included] 
7 
Distribution 
(a) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(b) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
8 
Reasons for the Offer 
Reason for the offer 
The proceeds of the issue of the Bonds will be used by 
the Issuer for general corporate purposes. /An amount 
equivalent to the proceeds of the issue of the Bonds 
(being Green Bonds) will be used in accordance with the 
OP Mortgage Bank’s Green Covered Bond Framework, 
as discussed in "Green Bonds" in the Base 
Prospectus./[•]

--- Page 60 ---
59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Bonds which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Bond (as defined below) and each definitive Bond, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange 
or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not 
so permitted and agreed, such definitive Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such terms and 
conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Bonds may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following terms and 
conditions, replace or modify the following terms and conditions for the purpose of such Bonds. The applicable 
Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Bonds completes these terms and conditions. The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Bond and definitive Bond. 
Reference should be made to “Form of Final Terms” (or, in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Bonds, to “Form of 
Pricing Supplement”) for a description of the content of the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable) which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Bonds. 
THE BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE ISSUED AS COVERED BONDS (katetut 
joukkolainat), COVERED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANKS AND 
COVERED BONDS (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022), AS AMENDED, OR ANY 
NEW STATUTE REVOKING AND REPLACING IT UNDER ITS TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS EITHER MANDATORILY 
OR AT THE ISSUER’S DISCRETION, AS APPLICABLE (THE COVERED BOND ACT). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN 
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) HAS BEEN AUTHORISED BY THE FINNISH FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY 
AUTHORITY (Finanssivalvonta) AS A DESIGNATED MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK PURSUANT TO THE COVERED 
BOND ACT AND HOLDS A PERMISSION FOR MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK OPERATIONS UNDER THE COVERED 
BOND ACT GRANTED BY THE FINNISH FINANCIAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS 
OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE BONDS ARE COVERED BY THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE A QUALIFYING COVER 
ASSET POOL MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COVERED BOND ACT.  
This Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Bonds issued by OP-Asuntoluottopankki Oyj (the English 
translation of which is OP Mortgage Bank (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Bonds shall be references to the Bonds of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Bonds represented by a global Bond (a Global Bond), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Bond; and 
(c) 
any definitive Bonds issued in exchange for a Global Bond. 
The Bonds and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
11 October 2022, made between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent and calculation agent (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) and the 
other paying agent named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents).  
Interest bearing definitive Bonds have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Bonds do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) completes these Conditions. References to the 
applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Bond. If this Bond is a bond which is neither to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Bond), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in 
Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes 
of this Bond. Any reference in the Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference 
to “applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant.

--- Page 61 ---
60 
Any reference to Bondholders or holders in relation to any Bonds shall mean the holders of the Bonds and shall, 
in relation to any Bonds represented by a Global Bond, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein 
to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Bonds which 
are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
The Bondholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the Deed of 
Covenant) dated 11 October 2022  and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices 
save that, if this Bond is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable 
Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Bondholder holding one or more Bonds and such Bondholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Bonds and 
identity. If the Bonds are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable 
Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Final Terms which are applicable to 
them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Bonds are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Bonds, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency 
and the Specified Denomination(s). Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bonds of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Bond may be a Fixed Rate Bond, a Floating Rate Bond, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the maturity of this Bond is extended in accordance with Condition 5.2, this Bond may be a Fixed Rate 
Bond or a Floating Rate Bond, in respect of the period from the Maturity Date up to and including the Final 
Extended Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bonds are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the Paying Agents 
will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bond or Coupon as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Bond, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Bonds is represented by a Global Bond held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Bonds (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
such Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal

--- Page 62 ---
61 
amount of such Bonds for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Bonds, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Bond shall be treated by 
the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Bonds in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Bond and the expressions Bondholder and holder of Bonds and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Bonds which are represented by a Global Bond will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
Status of the Bonds 
The Bonds and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
issued in accordance with the Covered Bond Act and rank (i) pari passu among themselves and with any Parallel 
Obligations and (ii) senior to any Junior Obligations of the Issuer. To the extent that claims of the Bondholders 
in relation to the Bonds are not met out of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Act, the residual claims of the Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2 (Status of the Bonds): 
“Derivative Contracts” means derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer to hedge against risks relating to 
the Bonds or their underlying collateral and entered in the Register;  
“Junior Obligations” means any obligation of the Issuer which, pursuant to the Covered Bond Act, or by their 
terms, are expressed to rank junior to the claims of the Bondholders that benefit from a priority right in respect 
of the statutory security in accordance with the Covered Bond Act; 
“Outstanding Bonds” means any other outstanding Series of Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme; 
and 
“Parallel Obligations” means, in relation to Bonds that are granted priority in respect of the statutory security 
in accordance with the Covered Bond Act, any (i) Outstanding Bonds that are granted priority in respect of the 
statutory security in accordance with the Covered Bond Act, (ii) liabilities of the Issuer under Derivative 
Contracts, and (iii) all other obligations of the Issuer which are granted the same priority in respect of the 
statutory security in accordance with the Covered Bond Act.   
3 
Interest 
3.1 Interest on Fixed Rate Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. For so long as any of the Fixed Rate Bonds is represented by a 
global Bond held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest will be calculated on the full 
nominal amount Outstanding of the Fixed Rate Bonds and will be paid to Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders in accordance with their usual rules and operating 
procedures. In respect of each definitive Fixed Rate Bond, interest will be calculated on its Outstanding nominal 
amount. 
If the Bonds are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 63 ---
62 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period or if, in the case of Bonds 
in definitive form, no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Bonds which are represented by a global Bond held on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount Outstanding of the Fixed Rate Bonds; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest Sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such Sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate 
Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Bond shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment 
Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending 
on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
Sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
3.2 Interest on Floating Rate Bonds  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either:

--- Page 64 ---
63 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in the Conditions, 
mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). For so long as any of the Floating Rate 
Bonds is represented by a global Bond held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, 
interest will be calculated on the full nominal amount Outstanding of the relevant Bonds and will be paid 
to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders in 
accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures. In respect of each definitive Floating Rate 
Bond interest will be calculated on its Outstanding nominal amount. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.2(a)(i) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (ii) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Bonds will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Bonds

--- Page 65 ---
64 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this paragraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Bonds (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where linear interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. In this 
paragraph, “Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the Final terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Bonds (other than Floating Rate Bonds 
referencing Compounded Daily €STR) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is not Compounded Daily €STR), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below and subject to Condition 3.5, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph 3.2(b)(ii)(A), no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph 3.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the

--- Page 66 ---
65 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent. If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated at the request of the Reference Banks Agent 
to the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate 
is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any 
other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
Where linear interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. In this 
Condition 3.2(b)(ii), “Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the Final terms. 
In the Conditions:  
Interest Determination Date shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if none is 
so specified: 
(I) 
if the Reference Rate is the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the second day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(II) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; and 
(III) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the Second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period;  
Reference Banks means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a Reference Rate that 
is not EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the 
inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Reference Banks 
Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or 
stockbroker appointed by the Issuer;

--- Page 67 ---
66 
Reference Rate shall mean (i) Compounded Daily €STR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) STIBOR, and (iv) NIBOR 
(or any successor or replacement rate), in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, and Oslo, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Time shall mean (i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 
a.m., and (iii) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Bonds referencing Compounded Daily €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Bonds for each Interest Period 
will (subject as provided below and subject to Condition 3.5), be Compounded Daily €STR plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent.  
As used in these Conditions: 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest 
Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows (the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards): 
  
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝐸𝑆𝑇𝑅௜ି௣்ௌ஽ x 𝑛௜
360
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 360
𝑑 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
do means, for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, in the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, in the relevant 
Observation Period;

--- Page 68 ---
67 
ni, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day;   
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Bonds become due and payable); 
p means: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days by which an Observation Period precedes the corresponding 
Interest Period, being the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “€STR Lag 
Period (p)” in the Final Terms (which shall be a minimum of five TARGET Settlement Days 
unless otherwise agreed with the Agent or, if no such number is so specified, five TARGET 
Settlement Days); 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days by which an Observation Period precedes the corresponding 
Interest Period, being the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “€STR Shift 
Period (p)” in the Final Terms (which shall be a minimum of five TARGET Settlement Days 
unless otherwise agreed with the Agent or, if no such number is so specified, five TARGET 
Settlement Days); 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro; 
ECB means the European Central Bank; 
€STR Reference Rate means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate (€STR) for such TARGET Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the 
ECB initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu/, or any successor website officially designated by the 
ECB (the ECB's Website) (in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., Central European Time, on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day); and 
€STRi-pTSD means: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR Reference Rate 
for the TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day “i”; or 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the Final Terms, the €STR 
Reference Rate for the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as specified 
above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
(each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for 
the last TARGET Settlement Day for which such rate was published on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as specified 
above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring 
from and including such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor administrator 
of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the ECB or another administrator) (the ECB Recommended Rate), provided that, if no such

--- Page 69 ---
68 
rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the 
Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility which banks may use to make 
overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the ECB's Website (the EDFR) on such 
TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR 
Reference Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding 
the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the EDFR Spread). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” 
were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurs. 
As used in these Conditions: 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the first 
date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR); 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate; and

--- Page 70 ---
69 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB Recommended Rate 
is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Bonds for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Bonds which are represented by a global Bond held on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount Outstanding of the relevant 
Bonds; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such Sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Bond shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 3.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
3
6
0
)
D
(
D
)
]
M
(
M
x
[
3
0
)
]
Y
(
Y
x
[
3
6
0
F
r
a
c
t
i
o
n
C
o
u
n
t
D
a
y
1
2
1
2
1
2
-
+
-
+
-
=
 
where:

--- Page 71 ---
70 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
3
6
0
)
D
(
D
)
]
M
(
M
x
[
3
0
)
]
Y
(
Y
x
[
3
6
0
F
r
a
c
t
i
o
n
C
o
u
n
t
D
a
y
1
2
1
2
1
2
-
+
-
+
-
=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
3
6
0
)
D
(
D
)
]
M
(
M
x
[
3
0
)
]
Y
(
Y
x
[
3
6
0
F
r
a
c
t
i
o
n
C
o
u
n
t
D
a
y
1
2
1
2
1
2
-
+
-
+
-
=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
71 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in 
such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date).  
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Bonds are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 11 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Bonds are for the time being listed 
and to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2 by the Agent shall

--- Page 73 ---
72 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Bondholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.3 Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of a Series 
of Bonds 
(a) 
If the maturity of the Outstanding principal amount of a Series of Bonds is extended in accordance with 
Condition 5.2, each such Bond shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 3.3 from and including 
the Maturity Date to but excluding the earlier of the Monthly Extended Maturity Date on which such 
Bond is redeemed in full and the Final Extended Maturity Date (each as defined in Condition 5.2), subject 
to Condition 3.4. In that event and subject to Condition 4.5, interest shall be payable in arrear on the 
Outstanding principal amount of such Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 3.3(b) 
on each Monthly Extended Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 5.2) (each, an Extended Interest 
Payment Date) up to and including the earlier of the Monthly Extended Maturity Date on which such 
Bond is redeemed in full and the Final Extended Maturity Date in respect of the Extended Interest Period 
(as defined below) ending immediately prior to such Monthly Extended Maturity Date. In this Condition 
3.3, the period from and including an Extended Interest Payment Date (or, in respect of the first such 
period, the Maturity Date) to but excluding the next following Extended Interest Payment Date is 
referred to as an Extended Interest Period. 
(b) 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Outstanding principal amount of the 
Bonds on each Extended Interest Payment Date (the Extended Rate of Interest) will be as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Agent in accordance with Condition 
3.2(d), two Payment Days (as defined in Condition 4.5) after the Maturity Date in respect of the first 
Extended Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Extended Rate of Interest for and the amount of interest payable 
on the Bonds for each Extended Interest Period and the relevant Extended Interest Payment Date to be 
forthwith notified to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, and for so long as the relevant Series of 
Bonds is listed on a stock exchange, will cause the same to be published in accordance with Condition 11 
on or (in particular, in the case of the first Extended Interest Period) as soon as possible after the date 
of commencement of the relevant Extended Interest Period. 
(d) 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition, whether by the Reference Banks (or 
any of them) or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Reference Banks, the Calculation Agent and all Bondholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or negligence) no liability to the Bondholders shall attach to the 
Issuer, the Reference Banks or the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
them or any of them of their powers, duties and discretions. 
(e) 
This Condition 3.3 shall only apply to a Series of Bonds the maturity of which is extended to the Final 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5.2. 
3.4 Accrual of interest 
Each Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Bond, that part only of such Bond) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Bond have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Bond has 
been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 11.

--- Page 74 ---
73 
3.5 Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 3.5 applies only if “Benchmark Discontinuation” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement and where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined. 
(a) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.5(b)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if 
any (in accordance with Condition 3.5(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 3.5(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.5, shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the Holders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination 
made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 3.5. 
(b) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines 
that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 3.5(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 3.5); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.5(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Bonds (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 3.5). 
(c) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines 
(A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 3.5 and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.5(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Holders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.5(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Bonds are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(e) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.5 will be notified promptly by the Issuer, to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed 
by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer:

--- Page 75 ---
74 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendment, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 3.5; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(f) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3.5 (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fall back provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply 
unless and until (i) an Independent Adviser is appointed and (ii) either a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate is determined, and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments are determined, in each 
case pursuant to this Condition 3.5. 
(g) 
As used in this Condition 3.5: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if 
the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), 
(iii) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 3.5(b)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Bonds. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 76 ---
75 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; 
or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, any Paying Agent, the Issuer or any other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 3.5(a). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Bonds. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4 
Payments 
4.1 Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in 
such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency; and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6. No commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Bondholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
4.2 Presentation of definitive Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in Condition 4.1 above against presentation and surrender of definitive Bonds, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Bonds in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Bonds (as defined below)) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so

--- Page 77 ---
76 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from 
the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Bond in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Bond or Long Maturity Bond in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long 
Maturity Bond is a Fixed Rate Bond (other than a Fixed Rate Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Bond shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Bond. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued 
in respect of such Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bond. 
4.3 Payments in respect of Global Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bonds represented by any Global Bond will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bonds and otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Global Bond against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such 
Global Bond at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment 
made against presentation or surrender of any Global Bond, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Bond by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
4.4 General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Bonds 
represented by such Global Bond and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Bond in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Bonds represented by 
such Global Bond must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share 
of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect 
of Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Bonds 
will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bonds in 
the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.5 Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day 
means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is:

--- Page 78 ---
77 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Bonds in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open. 
4.6 Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Bonds shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Bonds; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Bonds; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Bonds; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Bonds. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Bonds shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6. 
5 
Redemption and Purchase 
5.1 Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Bond will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency 
on the Maturity Date. 
5.2 Extension of Maturity to Extended Maturity Date 
(a) 
If a Final Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, 
Pricing Supplement) as applying to a Series of Bonds, the maturity of the outstanding Bonds and the 
date on which such Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will, subject to 
Condition 5.2 (b), be extended up to but no later than the Final Extended Maturity Date. 
In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the Outstanding principal amount of such Bonds 
in full at their Final Redemption Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest on any Monthly 
Extended Maturity Date (as defined below) falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Final Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 5.2 (b) below.  
(b) 
Any extension of the maturity of the Bonds pursuant to Condition 5.2 (a) (or any other redemption of all 
or part of the outstanding Bonds at any time after the Maturity Date and prior to the Final Extended 
Maturity Date) is subject (to the extent then required under the Covered Bond Act) to the permission of 
the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the FIN-FSA). 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act, the FIN-FSA shall grant a permission for the extension 
of maturity if the following conditions are fulfilled: 
i. the issuer is unable to obtain financing from ordinary sources of long-term financing; 
ii. the issuer cannot pay the principal and interest on the relevant covered bond becoming 
due without falling below the liquidity coverage requirement regarding the Issuer or an 
amalgamation which the issuer belongs to; and

--- Page 79 ---
78 
iii. the extension does not affect the order of maturity based on the original maturity dates 
of the covered bonds covered by the same cover pool 
(c) 
Any extension of the maturity of a Series of Bonds under this Condition 5.2 shall be irrevocable and shall 
not give any Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the 
Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(d) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of a Series of Bonds under this Condition 5.2, interest rates, 
interest periods and interest payment dates on the Bonds from and including the Maturity Date to but 
excluding the Final Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with Condition 
3.3. 
(e) 
If the maturity of a Series of Bonds is extended to the Final Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2, for so long as any of such Bonds remain in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further 
covered bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such covered bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in 
redeeming in whole or in part such Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
(f) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2, Monthly Extended Maturity Date means each Interest Payment 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Final Extended Maturity Date. 
(g) 
The Issuer shall give Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 11), the Agent and any Calculation Agent 
notice of whether or not it intends to redeem at their Final Redemption Amount all or part only of the 
Outstanding principal amount of a Series of Bonds at least five Payment Days prior to the Maturity Date, 
the relevant Monthly Extended Maturity Date or, as applicable, the Final Extended Maturity Date. If a 
Bond is redeemed after the Maturity Date pursuant to this Condition 5.2, the date on which such Bond is 
redeemed in full is referred to in the Conditions as the Bond Maturity Date.  
5.3 Redemption for tax reasons 
The Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Bond is not 
a Floating Rate Bond) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Bond is a Floating Rate Bond), on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11, the Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Bonds, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to 
in Condition 5.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
5.4 Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the Agent;

--- Page 80 ---
79 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of 
the Bonds then Outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Bonds, the Bonds to be redeemed (Redeemed Bonds) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Bonds represented by definitive Bonds, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Bonds represented 
by a Global Bond, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Bonds represented by definitive Bonds, a list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 11 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Bonds represented 
by definitive Bonds shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Bonds as 
the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Bonds Outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Bonds Outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned nominal amount 
shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and 
the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Bonds represented by a Global Bond shall be equal to the balance 
of the Redeemed Bonds. No exchange of the relevant Global Bond will be permitted during the period from 
(and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 
5.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11 at 
least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
5.5 Redemption at the option of the Bondholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Bond giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Bond the holder of this Bond must, if this Bond is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is 
required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied 
by this Bond or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Bond will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Bond is represented by a Global Bond or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Bond the holder of this Bond must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Bond is represented by a 
Global Bond, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Bond to the Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg given by a holder of any Bond pursuant to this Condition 5.5 shall be irrevocable. 
5.6 Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.3 above, each Bond will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Bond with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption 
Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Bond with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue 
Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Bond is denominated, at

--- Page 81 ---
80 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount;  
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.7 Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Bonds (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Bonds, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. All Bonds so purchased will be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
5.8 Cancellation 
All Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all Coupons and Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Bonds so cancelled, and the Bonds purchased 
and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.7 above (together with all Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall 
be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bonds and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Bonds or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Bonds or Coupons, as 
the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any Bond or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Finland; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Bond or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Bond or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 
4.5); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the 
relevant tax authority. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the terms and conditions, any amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Bonds and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any withholding or deduction imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the 
United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or 
deduction, a FATCA Withholding). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.

--- Page 82 ---
81 
7 
Prescription 
The Bonds and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any Talon which would 
be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8 
Replacement of Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Bond, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Bonds, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
9 
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 4.4. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of liquidation or bankruptcy, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 11. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Bondholders or Couponholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
paying agent. 
If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents 
will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
10 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any 
other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not 
include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Bond to which 
it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7. 
11 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made 
in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which

--- Page 83 ---
82 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bonds are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date 
of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Bonds are issued, so long as any Global Bonds representing the Bonds are held 
in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, such publication in such newspaper(s) 
may be substituted by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Bonds and, in addition, for so long as any Bonds are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange 
or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules.  
Notices to be given by any Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Bond in definitive form) with the relative Bond or Bonds, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Bonds are 
represented by a Global Bond, such notice may be given by any holder of a Bond to the Agent through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
12 
Meetings of Bondholders and Modification 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Bondholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution, Written Resolution or Electronic 
Consent (each as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of the Bonds, the Coupons or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by 
the Issuer if required in writing by Bondholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Bonds for the time being remaining Outstanding. The quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution, Written 
Resolution or Electronic Consent is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Bonds for the time being Outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the Bonds so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Bonds or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Bonds or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Bonds or altering 
the currency of payment of the Bonds or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Bonds for the time being Outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount 
of the Bonds for the time being Outstanding. Any matter passed by way of Extraordinary Resolution, Written 
Resolution or Electronic Consent at any meeting of the Bondholders shall be binding on all the Bondholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting (or did not participate in the process for obtaining the Written 
Resolution or Electronic Consent), and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Bondholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Bonds, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Bondholders, in the sole opinion of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Bonds, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law, in the sole opinion of the Issuer. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Bondholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
13 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders or the Couponholders 
to create and issue further bonds having terms and conditions the same as the Bonds or the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the Outstanding Bonds.

--- Page 84 ---
83 
14 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Bond under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
15 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
15.1 Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Bonds (except for the provisions relating to coverage of the 
Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Act) and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Bonds (except for the provisions 
relating to status, coverage, and extension of maturity of the Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Act) and the 
Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The provisions of the Bonds 
relating to the status, coverage, and extension of maturity of the Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Act are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Finnish law. 
15.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Bondholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of 
England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Bonds and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Bonds and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum. The Bondholders and the Couponholders, may take any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Bonds and the Coupons (including 
any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Bonds and 
the Coupons), against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
15.3 Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Elemental Process Agent Limited at its registered office at 27 Old Gloucester Street, London 
WC1N 3AX, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Elemental 
Process Agent Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as 
its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
15.4 Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 85 ---
84 
GREEN BONDS 
The OP Mortgage Bank Green Covered Bond Framework (the Green Covered Bond Framework) was published 
on 4 November 2020 and is available on the following website https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-
investors/green-bonds/green-covered-bonds. The Green Covered Bond Framework supports the target of 
fostering a sustainable economy, included in OP Financial Group's Corporate Social Responsibility Programme 
and follows the guidelines of the International Capital Market Association's Green Bond Principles (2018) (the 
Green Bond Principles) and it complies with the EU Green Bond Standard and EU Taxonomy on a best effort 
basis. The Green Covered Bond Framework takes into consideration the CBI Residential Buildings Criteria and 
EU Taxonomy’s Construction and real estate activities (Green buildings) related criteria. The Green Covered 
Bond Framework contributes to the EU Environmental objective “Climate Change Mitigation”, takes into 
consideration Do No Significant Harm (DNSH) requirements and the minimum safeguards. Most of the DNSH 
requirements regarding Green buildings are met due to the fact that the Issuer, as part of OP Financial Group, 
is subject to EU regulation, national legislation, the Issuer’s (as part of OP Financial Group) commitment to 
international policies outlined above and OP Financial Group’s own policies and environmental commitments 
outlined in the Code of Business Ethics. 
Under the Green Covered Bond Framework, the Issuer may issue Green Bonds (each, a Green Bond) in various 
formats. Bonds issued under the Programme may therefore be designated as Green Bonds. 
Use of Proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the proceeds of each Green Bond will be exclusively used to finance a portfolio of new 
and existing collateral for mortgages that are tagged as “green” in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool (the 
Green Assets). 
The Green Assets are required to meet the following eligibility criteria (the Eligibility Criteria): 
Eligible Sector 
OPMB Green Covered Bond Eligibility Criteria* 
Green Buildings 
Green buildings that serve as collateral for mortgages meeting the 
following criteria: 
Acquisition and ownership: Buildings built before 2021 energy 
performance must be among top 15 per cent. of similar stock (in terms 
of number of buildings), buildings built after 2021: Primary energy 
demand** 20 per cent. lower than Nearly Zero Energy Buildings (NZEB) 
requirements.  
Primarily, existing Energy Performance Certificates (EPCs) are used for 
screening and in case EPC information cannot be linked to collateral, 
the secondary approach will be statistical modeling. EPCs’ energy label 
must be A or B (if issued under 2018 legislation) or equivalent (if issued 
under 2013 legislation). The threshold (for energy label) will be 
adjusted as necessary in order to fulfil EU Taxonomy Eligibility Criteria.
Construction of new buildings:  Primary energy demand** 20 per cent. 
lower than NZEB requirements (for buildings built from 2021 onwards, 
for buildings built before YE2020, the top 15 per cent. criteria is 
applied). 
Building renovation: complies with relevant local “major renovation” 
regulations (based on the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive, 
EPBD) or delivers 30 per cent. energy savings.

--- Page 86 ---
85 
*Criteria as at the date of this Base Prospectus. For further revisions view: the Technical annex to the Technical 
Expert Group on Sustainable Finance final report on the EU Taxonomy 
 
** In Finland, E-value is used to assess the energy efficiency of buildings and will be used as a proxy   
*** The eligible measures and services with individual criteria are listed in the Technical annex to the Technical 
Expert Group on Sustainable Finance final report on the EU Taxonomy 
Evaluation and Selection 
OP Financial Group has established a dedicated committee with responsibility for governing and monitoring the 
Green Covered Bond Framework (the Green Bond Committee). In 2020, the Green Bond Committee’s operation 
was expanded to cover the Issuer’s Green Covered Bond Framework in addition to OP Corporate Bank plc’s 
Green Bond Framework. The Green Bond Committee, on a quarterly basis, receives a report containing a 
summary of Green Assets and approves the eligibility criteria set out in the Green Covered Bond Framework. 
Management of Proceeds 
The Issuer manages the net proceeds and supervises and reviews the cover pool on a regular basis in order to 
ensure that the Eligibility Criteria are met at all times. This includes reviewing the pool regularly regarding at 
least the construction years and heating methods. There is an internal monitoring system on tagged eligible 
green loans in the existing cover pool which monitors and accounts for the green covered bond allocation 
regularly. The Issuer’s aim is that the size of the eligible green mortgage portfolio marked for the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool will always exceed the total balance of all outstanding Green Bonds. In case there are periods 
where there is an insufficient aggregate amount of Green Assets, the Issuer will hold or invest any unallocated 
Green Bond net proceeds in accordance with the Covered Bond Act that is in effect. If a mortgage is repaid or 
collateral does not fulfil the Eligibility Criteria of an Eligible Asset, it will no longer constitute a Green Asset.  
In case the national or international standards or criteria related to energy-efficient residential buildings change 
in the future, or any other changes occur, the Issuer will evaluate its Green Covered Bond Framework to reflect 
the potential criteria changes. However, this will be done keeping in mind the outstanding Green Bonds and 
their integrity in the changing operating environment. Any amendments shall be subject to an updated Second 
Party Opinion.  
Reporting 
The Issuer will publish a report (the Green Covered Bond Report) annually until the maturity of the Green Bond. 
The Green Covered Bond Report will include at least: 
• 
the (aggregated) amount of net proceeds allocated to the Green Assets mentioned in the Green Covered 
Bond Framework; 
• 
the origination timeframe and maturity profile of the Green Assets; 
• 
the number of Green Assets; and 
• 
the estimated environmental impacts of the Green Assets. 
The Issuer published its first Green Covered Bond Report on 24 March 2022. 
External Review and Verification 
The Issuer has engaged Sustainalytics N.V. to act as an independent provider of a second party opinion (the 
Second Party Opinion) on the Green Covered Bond Framework. 
The Issuer will request on an annual basis, a limited assurance report of the allocation of the Green Bond 
proceeds to Green Assets, provided by an external auditor. The limited assurance report will be attached to the 
Green Covered Bond Report. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
Copies of the Green Covered Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any reports prepared by the Issuer 
or at its request (as described under “Reporting” and “External Review and Verification”) may be obtained by 
investors from https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-investors/green-bonds/green-covered-bonds.  
Individual measures and professional services: list of eligible measures 
and services with individual criteria as outlined in the EU Taxonomy***.

--- Page 87 ---
86 
None of these documents are incorporated into, or form part of, the Base Prospectus, nor is the Issuer’s website 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
References in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms to the Green Covered Bond Framework, the Second 
Party Opinion, the Green Covered Bond Reports and the Green Bond Principles are, in each case, to such 
document(s) as the same may be updated, amended and/or replaced from time to time. None of these 
documents, any other certification, report or opinion relating to the Green Bond Framework and/or Bonds 
issued as Green Bonds, any document referred to in any of the foregoing, or the contents of any website 
referred to herein or therein, is or will be incorporated into, or forms part of, the Base Prospectus and/or any 
Final Terms relating to Bonds issued as Green Bonds. Such documents, as well as any other documentation 
related to the Green Bonds and/or the Green Covered Bond Framework, (whether or not prepared by the Issuer 
or at its request) are subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced 
and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from the description given in this 
Base Prospectus. Potential investors in Bonds issued as Green Bonds should access the latest version of each 
relevant document available. Any such amendment, update, supplementing, replacing and/or withdrawal after 
the issue date of any Bonds which are Green Bonds may be applied in respect of such Bonds already in issue. No 
assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion (including the Second Party Opinion) or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Bonds 
as Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Bond(s) issued as Green Bonds. 
Additionally, any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date on which it was initially issued and 
the criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of such opinion or certification may change at any time 
and only provides an opinion or certification on certain environmental and related considerations and is not 
intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in the Bonds including, without 
limitation, market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other opinion provided in relation to the Green Bonds is a statement of opinion, not a 
statement of fact. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors in any Bonds issued as Green Bonds must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Bonds. 
Other  
For the avoidance of doubt: 
• 
Payment of any principal or interest in respect of Bonds issued as Green Bonds will be made from the 
Issuer's general funds and will not be directly linked to or depend on the performance of any Eligible 
Asset or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any ESG or similar targets. Additionally, there is no 
arrangement in place that enhances the performance of any Bonds issued as Green Bonds. 
• 
There is no direct or contractual link between Bonds issued as Green Bonds and the Eligible Assets (or 
any other ESG or similar targets set by the Issuer).  
• 
The Covered Bonds, including those Covered Bonds issued as Green Bonds, do not contain any events 
of default see "– Risks Relating to Bonds generally –No events of default" in the section "Risk Factors" 
above). 
 
Prospective investors in Green Bonds should refer also to “In respect of any Bonds issued with a specific use of 
proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor” in the section “Risk Factors” above.

--- Page 88 ---
87 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Bonds will be applied by the Issuer towards funding its lending activities in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Act, and the Issuer’s general business principles as outlined below in 
“Description of OP Mortgage Bank” including, without limitation, the origination of Mortgage Loans and/or 
Public-Sector Loans, the financing or refinancing of the acquisition of Mortgage Loans and/or Public-Sector 
Loans from and the funding of Intermediary Loans to other Member Cooperative Banks as well as the 
refinancing of previous issues of Bonds under the Programme. 
If, in respect of any particular issue of Bonds, there is a particular identified use of proceeds or the Bonds are 
being issued as Green Bonds, this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 89 ---
88 
DESCRIPTION OF OP MORTGAGE BANK  
General 
The Issuer was established as a mortgage credit bank under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks 
(kiinnitysluottopankkilaki 1240/1999, as amended). The Memorandum of Association of the Issuer was 
subscribed and the constituent meeting was held on 14 April 2000. The previous act was revoked and the Finnish 
Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the MBA) entered 
into force on 1 August 2010. The MBA was repealed and replaced by the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks 
and Covered Bonds (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022, as amended) (the 
Covered Bond Act), which entered into force in Finland on 8 July 2022. The Issuer operates as a mortgage credit 
bank (kiinnitysluottopankki) under the Covered Bond Act and obtained authorisation to issue covered bonds 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Act from the FIN-FSA which took effect on 8 July 2022.  
The legal name of the Issuer is OP-Asuntoluottopankki Oyj, the English translation of which is OP Mortgage 
Bank. The Issuer is incorporated as a public limited company in the Republic of Finland and the business identity 
code of the Issuer is 1614329-2. The Issuer’s domicile is Helsinki and its registered address is Gebhardinaukio 1, 
FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland (telephone + 358 10 252 010). 
The Issuer operates pursuant to the Covered Bond Act, the Amalgamations Act, the Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions (laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014, as amended) (the Credit Institutions Act) and the Finnish 
Companies Act (osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as amended) (the Finnish Companies Act). 
The Issuer’s share capital is sixty million euro (€60,000,000) and it comprises 76,592 shares. The Issuer is wholly 
owned by OP Cooperative. The Issuer is seen as an intermediate of funding of OP Financial Group, and it will be 
sufficiently capitalised by OP Cooperative to meet capital adequacy requirements. Due to the joint liability of 
the Affiliated Credit Institutions, OP Financial Group’s own funds may also be seen as a capital buffer for the 
Issuer.  
The Issuer established this euro medium term covered bond programme (the Programme) on 12 November 
2010 with a programme amount of €10,000,000,000. The programme amount was increased to 
€20,000,000,000 on 12 December 2018 and has been further increased to €25,000,000,000 on the date of this 
Base Prospectus. There are covered bonds outstanding under the Issuer’s separate €10,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Retained Covered Note Programme (the Retained Bond Progamme), but no further bonds will 
be issued under the Retained Bond Programme. 
The Issuer’s intermediary loans and loan portfolio in total (the “Loan Portfolio”) increased to €18,758 million as 
at 30 June 2022 (compared to €18,275 million as at 31 December 2021). The Issuer issued Bonds under the 
Retained Bond Programme for the first time in May 2021, when it issued three Bonds in the aggregate amount 
of €3,000 million.  
Mortgages collateralising Bonds are entered onto the Register under the Covered Bond Act and can be marked 
for the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool, the MBA Cover Asset Pool or the Retained Bond Cover Asset Pool.  The 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool will be established prior to the issuance of the first Covered Bond under the 
Covered Bond Act, using loans from the Issuer’s intermediary loan portfolio and will meet the statutory 
requirement set out in the Covered Bond Act. The balance of the MBA Bond Cover Asset Pool was €16,480 
million as at30 June 2022 (compared to €15,814 million as at 31 December 2021). The balance of the Retained 
Bond Cover Asset Pool was €3,543 million as at 30 June 2022 (compared to €3,587 million as at 31 December 
2021). 
Since 2015, certain Affiliated Credit Institutions (namely the Member Cooperative Banks) have been able to 
participate indirectly in the issue of covered bonds by means of Intermediary Loans granted by the Issuer to 
such Affiliated Credit Institutions. Mortgage Loans provided by Affiliated Credit Institutions as security for the 
covered bonds may be entered onto the Register and marked for either the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool, 
the MBA Cover Asset Pool or the Retained Bond Cover Asset Pool. Thus, the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
consists of mortgages in the balance sheet of both the respective Affiliated Credit Institutions and the Issuer. 
An agreement-specific over-collateralisation can also be covered from the balance sheet of the Affiliated Credit 
Institution.

--- Page 90 ---
89 
Earnings before tax were €3.7 million as at 30 June 2022 (€6.7 million as at 31 December 2021). The impairment 
loss on receivables was €0.1 million as at 30 June 2022 (€0.5 million as at 31 December 2021).   
As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer had 8 employees. The Issuer purchases all essential support services from OP 
Cooperative and other OP Financial Group companies, which reduces the need for own staff. 
The Issuer’s goal is to finance a substantial share of OP Financial Group’s Mortgage Loan portfolio by issuing 
Bonds.  
Funding 
The Issuer’s funding is based on Covered Bonds with mortgage loans, public-sector loans and, if needed, with 
supplementary collateral as collateral. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the total outstanding amount of 
Bonds under the MBA Programme was €14,800 million. As at 30 June 2022, the total outstanding nominal 
amount of Bonds issued under the MBA Programme was €14,800 million (€13,300 million at the end of 2021).   
The Issuer also has a credit agreement with OP Corporate Bank plc. As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer’s balance 
sheet included financing loans drawn under this credit agreement in the amount of €1,570 million (€1,570 million 
at the end of 2021). 
The Issuer may from time to time issue N-Bonds which will, in accordance with the Covered Bond Act, rank pari 
passu among themselves, with all Bonds issued under the Programme, Derivative Contracts and Management 
Costs (each such secured obligation ranking prior to Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) in relation to the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool (see the “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds” section 
of this Base Prospectus). Any N-Bonds issued will be governed by, and construed in accordance with German 
law, except for the provisions relating to coverage of the N-Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Act which will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Finnish law.  N-Bonds may be offered to and privately placed 
with professional investors only. Any N-Bonds issued will not be listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or market. Any N-Bonds issued will not be placed in a clearing system. N-Bonds will be in German law 
registered form in definitive, certified form. Sale and purchase of N-Bonds will take place through assignment 
and registration in the register kept by the registrar appointed by the Issuer (in relation to any N-Bonds) in 
relation to the holders of any N-Bonds (N-Bonds Register). Each person who is, for the time being, shown in the 
N-Bonds Register as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such N-Bonds may be treated as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such N-Bonds for all purposes.  
Change in main balance sheet and commitment items3  
 
 
30 June 2022 
31 December 2021 
 
 
€ million 
 
Balance sheet 
19,929
18,601 
Receivables from customers 
3,167 
3,584 
Debt securities issued to the public 
17,198 
16,579 
Liabilities to financial institutions 
1,570 
1,570 
Shareholders’ equity 
368 
370 
 
Receivables from customers decreased to €3,167 million in the six-month period from January to June 2022 
(€3,584 million as at 31 December 2021). During this period, the Issuer has not purchased housing loans from the 
Member Cooperative Banks. 
As at 30 June 2022, a total of 115 Member Cooperative Banks have intermediary loans from the Issuer, worth a 
total of €15,591 million (€14,691 million as at 31 December 2021).  
 
3 
Figures in this section are taken from the Issuer’s unaudited interim report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022.

--- Page 91 ---
90 
Households accounted for 99.9 per cent. of the credit portfolio at the end of June 2022 (99.9 per cent. as at 31 
December 2021) and corporate customers for 0.1 per cent. (0.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2021).  
The carrying amount of MBA Bonds issued to the public was €17,198 million at the end of the six month period 
ended 30 June 2022 (€16,579 million as at 31 December 2021). In addition to bonds and notes, OP Mortgage Bank 
financed its operations with financing loans drawn down from OP Corporate Bank plc. At the end of June 2022, 
financing loans amounted to €1,570 million (€1,570 million as at 31 December 2021). 
Shareholders’ equity decreased to €368 million (€370 million as at 31 December 2021). Retained earnings at the 
close of the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 were €63 million (€65 million as at 31 December 2021).  
The Register 
All Mortgage Loans (including Mortgage Loans connected to an Intermediary Loan) and other Eligible Assets 
serving as collateral for covered bonds are entered in the Register that the Issuer is required to maintain in 
relation to its covered bonds, pursuant to Chapter 5 of the Covered Bond Act. The Register must list, amongst 
other things, the covered bonds and the Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets in the Cover Asset Pool, 
Intermediary Loans granted to Member Cooperative Banks and any Derivative Contracts relating thereto. 
According to Section 27, Subsection 2 of the Covered Bond Act, each cover pool collateralising covered bonds 
as well as the collateral included in such cover pool must be identifiable on the basis of the information entered 
in the Register. According to Section 29, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, the Register must also contain 
information on which specific covered bonds are collateralised by the same cover pool. If certain collateral 
secures specific covered bonds, the Register shall indicate that such collateral is collateral for such covered 
bonds only. The Issuer identifies collateral for Bonds issued under this Programme by specifying that such 
collateral forms part of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. 
Operational Model 
The Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool may consist of Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans transferred from 
the Member Cooperative Banks pursuant to the Framework Agreements and/or registered pursuant to the 
Intermediary Loan Agreements and/or originated on the Issuer’s behalf by the Member Cooperative Banks. The 
Issuer’s Operational Model controls the make-up of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. The conditions of the 
agreements specified in this section may change from time to time.  
Summary of the Framework Agreements 
The Framework Agreements concern, inter alia, requirements relating to the Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector 
Loans, which are either placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheet of an Originator 
or sold by the Originators to the Issuer, information obligations of the Originators concerning such Mortgage 
Loans and Public-Sector Loans, and the purchases of Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans from the 
Originators by the Issuer. 
Under the Framework Agreements, the Issuer is entitled to purchase Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans 
from the Member Cooperative Banks for the purpose of including them in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
if the Issuer deems such purchases necessary in order to fulfil the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act 
and the terms of the Bonds, as applicable. In this case, all rights, obligations (except for certain servicing 
obligations which have been agreed under the Framework Agreements to remain with the relevant Member 
Cooperative Bank) and risks associated with the purchased loan are transferred from the relevant Member 
Cooperative Bank to the Issuer, including the collateral given for the transferred loan and all rights to the 
receivables associated with the loan. The Framework Agreements stipulate the criteria that Mortgage Loans 
and Public-Sector Loans must meet before they are eligible to be transferred to the Issuer and the procedures 
associated with the transfer as well as other rights, obligations, and responsibilities of the parties to the transfer. 
By virtue of the Framework Agreements, the collateral granted for a transferred Mortgage Loan or a Public-
Sector Loan must cover the principal amount of the loan transferred to the Issuer. In addition, the Member 
Cooperative Bank that originally granted the Mortgage Loan or the Public-Sector Loan is entitled to grant new 
loans against the same collateral only to the extent that the Issuer’s right to the collateral has a higher-ranking 
priority, and the rights to such collateral associated with the new loans are subordinated to the rights of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 92 ---
91 
Furthermore, each Framework Agreement addresses, among other things, the duties of the relevant Member 
Cooperative Bank in the loan approval process and customer service during the term of the loan, as well as the 
processes related to customers’ payment delays. Agent fees and provisions relating to inspections and inquiries 
in respect of the loans are also set out in the Framework Agreements. 
The Framework Agreements also set out certain obligations for those Member Cooperative Bank which are 
borrowers under Intermediary Loans and the requirements for the Mortgage Loans which are placed in the 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheets of such Member Cooperative Banks which are in 
addition to the obligations and requirements set out in the Intermediary Loan Agreements. 
Each Member Cooperative Bank signs the relevant Framework Agreement on its own behalf. 
Summary of the Intermediary Loan Agreements 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Act, the Issuer may grant an Intermediary Loan to a Member Cooperative 
Bank on the following conditions: 
(a) 
the Member Cooperative Bank places Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans from its balance sheet in 
the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool as security for the Bonds; 
(b) 
the Intermediary Loan is entered in the Register and the underlying Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector 
Loans of the relevant Member Cooperative Bank are also entered in the Register and marked for the 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool as collateral for the Bonds; 
(c) 
the Issuer duly ensures that the underlying Mortgage Loans and their collateral meet the requirements 
set out in the Covered Bond Act and in the contractual terms of the Bonds, as applicable;  
(d) 
to the extent the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool includes Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which 
are recorded in the balance sheet of a Member Cooperative Bank, the Issuer ensures that the Covered 
Bond Cover Asset Pool continuously complies with the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act 
and in the contractual terms of the Bonds; 
(e) 
the contractual terms of the Intermediary Loan specify procedures to ensure that the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool continuously complies with the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and in 
the contractual terms of the Bonds; 
(f) 
the Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans of the relevant Member Cooperative Bank entered in the 
Register as collateral in connection with Intermediary Loans are subject to the provisions regarding third-
party collateral in Sections 28 to 30 and Section 40 of the Finnish Act on Guarantee and Third-Party 
Collateral (laki takauksesta ja vierasvelkapanttauksesta 361/1999, as amended), and the potential right of 
recourse of the relevant Member Cooperative Bank is primarily set off against the relevant Intermediary 
Loan; 
(g) 
in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, payments arising from Intermediary Loans may 
only be used for paying obligations arising from the Bonds; and  
(h) 
the Issuer may make payments arising from Intermediary Loans to the Member Cooperative Bank on the 
basis of a right of recourse of the relevant Member Cooperative Bank caused by payment or assignment 
of a Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan registered as collateral only if all Bonds secured by the Covered 
Bond Cover Asset Pool have been fully paid.  
Summary of the Outsourcing Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into certain outsourcing agreements (the Outsourcing Agreements) in order to ensure 
that certain duties, which require expertise, are outsourced to the professionals in OP Financial Group. OP 
Financial Group has outsourced part of application development and maintenance. 
The Issuer and OP Corporate Bank plc have entered into an agreement whereby the Issuer’s market risk and 
short-term liquidity management are outsourced to OP Corporate Bank plc. The purpose of this agreement is 
to ensure that the market rate risk connected with the Issuer’s loan portfolio and its impact on earnings will be 
transferred to OP Corporate Bank plc. The transfer of risk to OP Corporate Bank plc will be done by means of an 
interest rate swap which is marked to market on a daily basis. OP Corporate Bank plc also manages the Issuer’s

--- Page 93 ---
92 
liquidity position, providing the necessary cover on the Issuer’s current account within the frames of the 
financing credit which the Issuer has with OP Corporate Bank plc. 
The other significant outsourced service is the collection of amounts payable in respect of the Issuer’s loans, 
which is described in detail under the paragraph “The Ability to Enforce and Collect” below. 
Loan Approval Process 
Contact with customers in respect of the loans granted by the Member Cooperative Banks will be dealt with by 
the Member Cooperative Banks. The Member Cooperative Bank sells, negotiates, and makes the decision on 
granting the relevant loans. The Member Cooperative Bank observes all currently valid rules and regulations of 
the applicable authorities (such as the FIN-FSA), OP Cooperative and the Issuer in granting the loans. 
The Member Cooperative Banks also produce the loan and collateral documentation and deposit the documents 
in accordance with the rules and regulations mentioned above. The Member Cooperative Banks are responsible 
for the documentation being correctly produced and legally binding. The Member Cooperative Banks are 
entitled to sign the customary agreements and notices in respect of the customer’s loan management, such as 
signing the secondary pledge commitments to third parties and receiving pledge notices, also on behalf of the 
Issuer. 
The relevant Member Cooperative Bank may agree changes to the terms and conditions of the loan in 
accordance with specific instructions given by the Issuer or the Member Cooperative Bank itself. The Member 
Cooperative Banks manage the customer relations with the debtors and they are responsible for maintaining 
the customer register. In accordance with the Finnish Promissory Notes Act (velkakirjalaki, 622/1947, as 
amended) (the Promissory Notes Act) the promissory notes of the loans remain in the custody of the relevant 
Member Cooperative Bank, but, where applicable, they are held on behalf of the Issuer. This custody 
arrangement is binding and effective with respect of each Member Cooperative Bank’s creditors. 
Risk Management 
The objective of the Issuer’s risk management is to ensure that the Issuer is not exposed to excessive risk that 
might endanger its profitability, solvency or continuity of operations. Credit risk is managed through customer 
selection and by only granting Mortgage Loans that are backed by collateral. 
The risk management of the Issuer will be developed as part of OP Financial Group’s risk management. Within 
OP Financial Group, risk management methods and information systems will be purposefully developed on the 
basis of OP Financial Group’s business needs, observing any changes in the operating environment and 
requirements imposed by official regulations. 
The Issuer has a policy of risk management principles and rules which are conducted from OP Financial Group’s 
corresponding principles. OP Cooperative’s Board of Directors has set risk limits for the Issuer’s capital adequacy 
and key risk types. The Board of Directors of the Issuer has confirmed the internal risk guidelines, procedures 
and limits for different types of risks of the Issuer. Risk reports are provided to the management of the Issuer 
on a monthly basis. The Issuer uses derivative contracts to hedge against interest rate risk. The counterparty to 
all derivative contracts is OP Corporate Bank plc. The Issuer has set measurement methods and maximum risk 
levels in order to control and evaluate these risks periodically. 
The centralised risk management of OP Cooperative is responsible for conducting internal supervision and risk 
management of the Issuer. The Internal Audit of OP Cooperative is responsible for auditing the Issuer in 
accordance with the applicable standards of internal auditing. It also assesses whether the risk management 
system is adequate and up to date. OP Cooperative provides OP Financial Group’s entities with guidelines for 
risk management and ensures, through supervision, that the entities operate in accordance with official 
regulations, their own rules, guidelines issued by OP Cooperative and procedures appropriate for customer 
relationships. Operational decisions and the related risk management fall within the responsibility of the 
relevant company. The managing director and the Board of Directors of the relevant company are responsible 
for the risk management. 
For further information on the risks, see “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Bonds issued under the Programme”.

--- Page 94 ---
93 
Valuation of Collateral 
The Issuer must ensure that in accordance with the requirements of the Covered Bond Act, the value of a 
Mortgage Loan acquired by the Issuer either directly or through an Intermediary Loan does not exceed the 
current value of the relevant property or the shares of the property-owning company, as applicable, at the time 
of the registration of the Mortgage Loan in the Register. 
A Mortgage Loan can only be accepted as a collateral if the current value of Residential Property or Commercial 
Property is determined, at the time the Mortgage Loan is granted, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation and Chapter 9, Section 10 of the Act on Credit Institutions concerning credit 
risk and counterparty risk as well as the provisions on credit risk management issued by the FIN-FSA. 
In addition to the current value principle of the Covered Bond Act, the collateral for a Mortgage Loan is also 
valued according to the principles of securing collateral used within OP Financial Group, pursuant to which 
collateral is considered “securing collateral” when its value has been assessed with care and caution in 
accordance with good banking practice, and in compliance with the regulations and guidelines provided by the 
authorities and OP Cooperative. 
Collateral valuation must be based on a justified and cautious estimate of the value of the collateral at the time 
of evaluation. Any speculative expectation of the increase in value of the asset provided as collateral must not 
be taken into account when assessing the value of the collateral. 
The credit institutions within OP Financial Group, including the Issuer apply the internal ratings-based approach 
(IRBA) to calculate their level of own funds. According to the IRBA (as implemented in Finland), the valuation 
of real estate collateral must meet with certain conditions for the relevant exposure to qualify as exposure 
secured by real estate property.  
Within OP Financial Group, the property market is monitored on a frequent basis and at least once every year 
for commercial real estate and once every three years for residential real estate. More frequent monitoring is 
carried out where the market is subject to significant changes in conditions. Statistical methods may be used to 
monitor the value of the property and to identify property that needs revaluation.  
The property valuation is reviewed by an independent valuer when information indicates that the value of 
a certain property may have declined materially relative to general market prices. For loans exceeding €3 million 
or 5 per cent. of the funds of the Member Cooperative Bank, the property valuation is reviewed by an 
independent valuer at least every three years.  
Any revised value in respect of a Property based on such revaluation will be entered into the Register.  
Origination Criteria 
The Origination Criteria are the criteria for the content of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool, setting out the 
general minimum requirements for individual loans and outlining what type of loans may and may not be 
transferred (directly or indirectly through Intermediary Loans) in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. The 
Origination Criteria are described in more detail in the section below entitled “Characteristics of the Qualifying 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool”. 
Risk Classification of the Borrowers 
Before granting a Mortgage Loan, the relevant Member Cooperative Bank is obliged to analyse the borrower’s 
creditworthiness pursuant to OP Financial Group’s currently valid instructions. The borrower’s solvency must 
be sufficient in relation to the Mortgage Loan to be granted. Also, the borrower’s payment behaviour class is 
assessed based on internal and external data on the borrower’s payment defaults and changes in payment 
plans.  
The assessment of the creditworthiness of a borrower is based on the existing customer relationship, in the 
case of an existing customer, as well as an analysis of the borrower’s ability and willingness to repay the debt. 
The liquidity of the customer is verified by stress testing the ability to repay in case of a significant interest rate 
rise.

--- Page 95 ---
94 
The Ability to Enforce and Collect 
The relevant Member Cooperative Bank is obliged to monitor the borrower’s creditworthiness and solvency 
and notify the Issuer immediately of any material negative changes in the creditworthiness and solvency of the 
borrower. 
The receivables relating to the Mortgage Loans will usually be collected by the centralised collection unit of OP 
Financial Group on behalf of the Issuer. The claim and collateral documents, as well as the provision calculation, 
will be delivered to the collection unit. This collection unit administers the collection proceedings according to 
its standard procedures (which are notice of termination of the loan, application for an order to pay, execution 
and liquidation of the collateral). The successfully collected amount will be credited as a deduction of the loan. 
The Issuer as Part of OP Financial Group 
The Issuer is part of OP Financial Group, which is composed of OP Cooperative, which serves as the central body 
of OP Financial Group, and its subsidiaries and Member Cooperative Banks. For further information on OP 
Financial Group, see “Description of OP Financial Group and the Loan Originators” below. 
The Issuer serves as the mortgage bank of OP Financial Group and its purpose is to issue Bonds with mortgage 
collateral in accordance with the Covered Bond Act. The Issuer transfers collateral of housing loans originated 
by Member Cooperative Banks to its cover pool via intermediary loan process. The Issuer does not have an 
independent lending role in OP Financial Group’s customer business.  
The Member Cooperative Banks manage customer relationships and loans locally. The Member Cooperative 
Banks that have signed the Framework Agreement may, within certain limits, decide on housing loans to be 
granted to households on behalf of the Issuer. Since March 2016, however, this procedure has not been in use. 
At the end of June 2022, all Member Cooperative Banks (117 as at the end of June 2022) had signed a Framework 
Agreement with the Issuer. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is comprised of the following members:  
Chairman: 
Mr Mikko Timonen 
Chief Financial Officer, OP Cooperative 
Members: 
Ms Mari Heikkilä 
Head of Group Treasury and Asset and 
Liability Management, OP Corporate Bank 
plc 
 
Ms Satu Nurmi 
Head of Retail Customer Financing and 
Housing related Services, OP Retail 
Customers plc 
 
Ms Sanna Eriksson serves as Managing Director. Mr Tuomas Ruotsalainen, Senior Covered Bonds Manager 
serves as Deputy to Managing Director. 
The business address for each member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is Gebhardinaukio 1, FI-00510 Helsinki, 
Finland. 
In respect of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors, there are no potential conflicts between their 
duties to the Issuer and their other duties or private interests.

--- Page 96 ---
95 
DESCRIPTION OF OP FINANCIAL GROUP AND THE LOAN ORIGINATORS  
Group structure 
OP Financial Group is a Finnish cooperative financial services group that is constituted by OP Cooperative as OP 
Financial Group’s central body and the parent undertaking of OP Cooperative Consolidated (the central 
cooperative), its subsidiaries and independent local and regional member cooperative banks. The central 
cooperative, its credit institution subsidiaries and the Member Cooperative Banks together constitute an 
amalgamation of deposit banks (OP Amalgamation) within the meaning of the Finnish Amalgamation Act 
(599/2010, the Amalgamation Act). OP Cooperative is the central body, and its credit institution subsidiaries and 
the Member Cooperative Banks (the Affiliated Credit Institutions) are credit institutions affiliated to the central 
body within the meaning of Article 10 of the Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, the 
Capital Requirements Regulation).  
Credit institutions whose bylaws comply with the requirements of the Amalgamation Act and have been 
approved by the central cooperative, can be accepted as members of the central cooperative. New members 
are accepted by the Supervisory Council of the central cooperative. An Affiliated Credit Institution has the right 
to withdraw from the OP Amalgamation. It can also be expelled from the OP Amalgamation in accordance with 
the Finnish Co-operatives Act (421/2013, the Co-operatives Act) or if it has neglected its obligations towards the 
OP Amalgamation as specified in the bylaws of the central cooperative.  
The Affiliated Credit Institutions of the central cooperative consist of: 
(i) 
credit institution subsidiaries of the central cooperative (the Issuer, OP Corporate Bank plc, 
which is responsible for the wholesale funding of OP Financial Group and other treasury 
activities in addition to the corporate lending business of OP Financial Group; OP Retail 
Customers plc, which administers the credit cards issued by OP Financial Group; and 
(ii) 
(as at 30 June 2022) 117 local and regional member co-operative banks, which carry out retail 
banking business and which are members of OP Cooperative, thus exercising the decision-
making powers at the highest administrational level of OP Financial Group. 
Apart from OP Amalgamation, OP Financial Group also includes, as subsidiaries of the central cooperative, an 
investment firm (OP Asset Management Ltd), a fund management company (OP Fund Management Company 
Ltd), a life insurance company (OP Life Assurance Company Ltd), a non-life insurance company (Pohjola 
Insurance Ltd) and some minor companies as well as the real estate agencies owned jointly by Member 
Cooperative Banks under the brand name OP Koti. 
OP Amalgamation and the insurance and financial subsidiaries of OP Cooperative together constitute a bank-
dominated financial conglomerate within the meaning of the Directive (2002/87/EC) and the Finnish Act on the 
Supervision of Financial and Insurance Conglomerates (699/2004, the Financial Conglomerates Act). The ECB 
has waived, until further notice, the application of the Financial Conglomerates Act to the sub-group constituted 
by the central cooperative and its subsidiaries.  
Corporate governance in OP Financial Group 
The highest decision-making body in OP Financial Group is the Cooperative Meeting of the central cooperative 
consisting of the representatives of the Affiliated Credit Institutions. The Cooperative Meeting elects the central 
cooperative’s Supervisory Council (36 members). The Supervisory Council elects the central cooperative’s Board 
of Directors, which consists of the President, Group CEO and 9–13 other members. At least four of the members 
of the Board of Directors must be independent of the central cooperative and other entities belonging to OP 
Financial Group. The Board of Directors carries out the tasks of the management body in its management 
function as well as the tasks of the management body in its supervisory function, as defined in the Capital 
Requirements Directive and in the Guidelines on Internal Governance by the European Banking Authority. 
The Affiliated Credit Institutions are separate legal entities that have administrative bodies of their own. In the 
member cooperative banks, the highest decision-making body is the Cooperative Meeting or the Representative 
Assembly Meeting. It elects the OP cooperative bank’s Supervisory Council, which in turn elects the OP 
cooperative bank’s Board of Directors.

--- Page 97 ---
96 
For a more detailed description of the management bodies see the “Management” section below. 
Financial reporting, supervision and internal audit 
OP Amalgamation 
OP Financial Group publishes an annual consolidated financial statement covering all significant companies 
within OP Financial Group. Pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the financial statements of OP Financial Group 
must be drawn up in accordance with the international financial reporting standards referred to in the Finnish 
Accounting Act (1336/1997). The FIN-FSA has issued more detailed regulations on the financial statements of 
amalgamations. The accounting principles applied to OP Financial Group’s financial statements are disclosed in 
the notes to the financial statements. 
The central cooperative has an obligation to issue guidelines on compliance with standardised accounting 
policies in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The Affiliated Credit Institutions must 
submit the necessary data to the central cooperative for the purpose of drawing up the consolidated financial 
statements.  
OP Financial Group’s financial statements are audited by the auditors of the central cooperative in accordance 
with the requirements laid down in the Credit Institutions Act as applicable. The auditors have the right to obtain 
a copy of all audit documents of the Affiliated Credit Institutions. The financial statements are presented to the 
Annual Cooperative Meeting of the central cooperative. 
OP Amalgamation is supervised by the ECB on the basis of its consolidated financial position, while the insurance 
companies are supervised by the FIN-FSA. The FIN-FSA also supervises compliance with the conduct rules 
applied to banking and asset management.  
OP Amalgamation must comply, on the basis of its consolidated financial position, with the statutory prudential 
requirements for credit institutions laid down in the Credit Institutions Act and the Capital Requirements 
Regulation. The amount of consolidated own funds at the level of the Amalgamation must meet the 
requirements laid down in Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions Act. 
The internal audit of undertakings belonging to OP Financial Group is carried out by the Internal Audit unit, 
which reports directly to the President and Group CEO. Internal Audit is an independent function within OP 
Financial Group, which audits the adequacy and effectiveness of internal control arrangements, risk 
management and corporate governance. The Chief Audit Executive regularly reports to the President and Group 
CEO and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of OP Cooperative. Internal Audit is responsible for the 
internal audit of the central cooperative, its subsidiaries and the Affiliated Credit Institutions and their 
subsidiaries. Internal audits are carried out in accordance with internationally accepted standards and ethical 
rules and the Internal Audit Charter approved by the Board of Directors of OP Cooperative. 
Financial conglomerate 
Pursuant to section 30 of the Financial Conglomerates Act, the accounting regime laid down in the Financial 
Conglomerates Act is not applicable to OP Financial Group as its financial statements are drawn up in accordance 
with the international financial reporting standards.  
Compliance with the requirements laid down in the Financial Conglomerates Act, including the aggregate capital 
requirement, is supervised by the ECB. 
Affiliated Credit Institutions 
The Affiliated Credit Institutions draw up their individual financial statements in accordance with the guidelines 
issued by the central cooperative, and they are audited in accordance with the Credit Institutions Act. The 
obligation to disclose interim financial reports pursuant to Chapter 12, section 12 of the Credit Institutions Act is 
not applied to the Affiliated Credit Institutions. Nor are they obliged to disclose regulatory information on their 
capital adequacy and liquidity (so called Pillar III) on a solo basis. Such information is disclosed only on the basis 
of the consolidated financial position of OP Amalgamation.  
Pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the supervisory authority can grant the central cooperative permission to 
waive the application of the quantitative rules on the amount of own funds, liquidity and large exposure limits 
as well as the qualitative rules on risk management. The Affiliated Credit Institutions must, however, comply 
with the minimum capital requirements laid down in the Amalgamation Act, which are lower than those applied

--- Page 98 ---
97 
to other credit institutions. The waiver cannot be granted to an Affiliated Credit Institution which has grossly or 
recurringly failed to comply with the instructions issued by the central cooperative, pursuant to section 17 of 
the Amalgamation Act, or the preconditions for the waiver. Such exception may be granted for a maximum 
period of three years at a time. The central cooperative has utilised the permission granted by the supervisor to 
waive the application of the own funds, liquidity and risk management requirements on the Affiliated Credit 
Institutions. 
The roles of the central cooperative and the Affiliated Credit Institutions in OP Amalgamation 
OP Cooperative (central cooperative below) operates as the statutory central body of OP Amalgamation and as 
a holding company for the strategic holdings of OP Financial Group. 
The central cooperative is under a statutory obligation to:  
(i) 
supervise the Affiliated Credit Institutions (credit institution subsidiaries of OP Cooperative and the 
Member Cooperative Banks); 
(ii) 
issue instructions to them on risk management, good corporate governance and internal control 
to secure liquidity and capital adequacy of the amalgamation; and 
(iii) 
issue instructions on compliance with standardised accounting policies in the preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements. 
In the manner specified in its bylaws, the central cooperative may also confirm general principles to be followed 
by the Affiliated Credit Institutions in their operations relevant to OP Amalgamation. The Affiliated Credit 
Institutions are, among other things, bound by OP Financial Group’s Risk Appetite Statement, Risk Appetite 
Framework and detailed risk policies as confirmed by the central cooperative’s Board of Directors. The risk 
management of OP Financial Group is described in more detail in other chapters of this Report by the Board of 
Directors and in OP Financial Group’s Capital Adequacy and Risk Management Report.  
The central cooperative supervises the Affiliated Credit Institutions in order to ensure that they comply with the 
instructions issued and principles confirmed by the central cooperative, notably that they do not, in the course 
of their operations, take any risk of such magnitude that poses a substantial danger to the consolidated financial 
position of OP Amalgamation. The Affiliated Credit Institutions are accountable to the central cooperative in 
accordance with the principles of joint and several liability confirmed by the central cooperative. Based on these 
principles, the central cooperative can take measures vis-à-vis the Affiliated Credit Institutions. These measures 
range from tighter monitoring to expelling the affiliated credit institution from the OP Amalgamation.  
Set out below is a structure diagram of OP Financial Group, as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The diagram 
includes only the most significant subsidiaries.

--- Page 99 ---
98 
  
OP Financial Group and OP Cooperative 
Business of OP Financial Group  
The companies belonging to OP Financial Group are engaged in financial services and related operations in 
accordance with the internal division of responsibilities within OP Financial Group, mainly in the domestic 
market. The Member Cooperative Banks concentrate on customer-centred business. 
OP Cooperative acts as the entire OP Financial Group’s strategic owner institution and as a central body in 
charge of OP Financial Group control, steering and supervision.  
Based on a decision made by the Supervisory Board of OP Cooperative on 6 June 2018, the core of OP Financial 
Group’s business is banking and insurance business. Banking was divided into two areas of responsibility. The 
first one comprises private customer services and cooperation with the Member Cooperative Banks. The second 
area of responsibility in banking is Corporate and Institutional Customers. Insurance Business includes non-life 
and life insurance business for private and corporate customers, as well as health and wellbeing business. OP 
Financial Group began financial reporting based on its new segments as of the first interim report of 2019.  
OP Financial Group has a strategy process in which it assesses, reshapes and implements its strategy on an 
ongoing basis. The Group systematically assesses its business environment and operating model to be able to 
make and implement new strategic choices when needed. 
OP Financial Group’s mission, core values, vision and strategic priorities form a whole whose parts complement 
each other. OP Financial Group’s vision is to be the leading and most appealing financial services group in 
Finland. Continuous monitoring of the business environment and the strategic priorities will help achieve the 
shared vision and guide all actions.  
The Supervisory Council of OP Financial Group's central cooperative confirmed the Group's strategy at its 
meeting on 25 August 2021. The updated strategy defines OP Financial Group’s key strategic priorities for the 
next few years. The strategic priorities are as follows: Value for customers; Profitable growth; Efficient, high-
quality operations; Responsible business; Highly skilled, motivated and satisfied personnel.  
On 30 October 2019, the Supervisory Board (as of 1 January 2020, the Supervisory Council) of OP Financial 
Group’s central cooperative confirmed OP Financial Group’s strategic long-term targets. The targets entered

--- Page 100 ---
99 
into force as of 1 January 2020. On 25 August 2021, the Supervisory Council specified the long-term target for 
brand recommendations by dividing the NPS target between banking and insurance business. 
 
OP Financial Group’s strategic targets 
 
 
 
 
30 Jun 2022 
31 Dec 2021 
Target 2025 
Return on equity (ROE) excluding OP 
bonuses, 
%................................................ 
6.6 
7.8 
8.0 
CET1 
ratio, 
%.............................................. 
17.6 
18.2 
At least CET1 ratio 
requirement + 4 pps 
 Brand 
recommendations, 
NPS 
(Net 
Promoter Score, personal and corporate 
customers)** 
Banking: 27 
Insurance: 28 
Banking: 29 
Insurance: 16 
Banking: 30 
Insurance: 20  
Credit 
rating……………………………... 
AA-/Aa3 
AA-/Aa3 
At least at the level of 
AA-/Aa3 
 
*OP Financial Group’s target CET1 ratio is at least the CET1 capital adequacy requirement plus four percentage 
points. The CET1 target calculated by applying the June-end capital adequacy requirement was 13.7 per cent. 
**Average of quarters (per financial year) OP Financial Group’s mission, core values, vision and strategic 
priorities form a whole which parts complement each other. OP Financial Group’s vision is to be the leading and 
most appealing financial services group in Finland. Continuous monitoring of the business environment and the 
strategic priorities will help achieve the shared vision and guide all actions.  
The Supervisory Board confirmed OP Financial Group's strategy at its meeting on 25 August 2021. The updated 
strategy defines OP Financial Group’s key strategic priorities for the next few years. The strategic priorities are 
as follows: 
• 
Value for customers 
• 
Profitable growth 
• 
Efficient, high-quality operations 
• 
Responsible business 
• 
Highly skilled, motivated and satisfied personnel 
OP Financial Group had a total of 2.1 million (2.0) owner customers at the end of June 2022. 
At the end of June 2022, the number of banking customers totalled 3.6 million (3.6). Retail Banking had a total 
of 3.3 million customers (3.3) and Corporate Banking 0.3 million customers (0.3). Non-life insurance had a total 
of 1.7 million customers (1.6) and life insurance 0.4 million customers (0.4). OP Financial Group has a 
multichannel service network comprising branch, online, mobile and telephone services. OP-mobile, the main 
channel for customers’ daily banking, has more than 1.4 million active users (1.3). It provides personal customer 
service both at branches and digitally. OP Financial Group seeks to provide the best multichannel customer 
experience in the sector by creating ongoing and relevant encounters in all channels. OP Financial Group has an 
extensive branch network with 307 branches (324) across the country.  
At the end of June 2022, OP Financial Group had a payroll of 13,333 employees (13,079). OP Financial Group has 
funded assets of its pension schemes through OP Bank Group Pension Foundation and insurance companies. 
Schemes related to supplementary pensions in the Pension Foundation and insurance company are treated as 
defined benefit plans. Contributions to the TyEL pay-as-you-go system are treated as defined contribution plans.

--- Page 101 ---
100 
OP Financial Group’s Key Indicators4  
 
 
H1/2022 
H1/2021 
Change, 
% 
Q1–4/2021 
EBT, € million 
459
561
-18.1 
1,127 
Retail Banking 
 
136
138
-1.9 
304 
Corporate Banking 
 
91
276
-66.9 
474 
Insurance 
 
205
220
-7.1 
504 
Group Functions 
 
-24
-51
- 
-109 
New OP bonuses accrued to owner-
customers 
 
107 
103 
4.0 
-210 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Return on equity (ROE), % 
 
5.4
6.9
-1.5* 
6.6 
Return on equity, excluding OP bonuses, 
% 
 
6.6 
8.1 
-1.5* 
7.8 
Return on assets (ROA), % 
 
0.44
0.55
-0.11* 
0.54 
Return on assets, excluding OP bonuses, 
% 
 
0.54 
0.65 
-0.11* 
0.64 
 
 
30 Jun. 2022 
30 Jun. 2021 
Change, % 
31 Dec. 
2021 
CET1 ratio, %  
17.6 
18.3 
-0.7 
18.2 
Loan portfolio, € billion 
98.2 
94.7 
3.7 
96.9 
Deposits, € billion 
75.5 
73.6 
2.6 
75.6 
Ratio of non-performing exposures to 
exposures, %  
2.4 
2.4 
0.0* 
2.4 
Ratio of impairment loss on receivables to 
loan and guarantee portfolio, %  
0.20 
0.07 
0.13* 
0.16 
Owner-customers (1,000)  
2,057 
2.039 
0.9 
2,049 
 
Comparatives deriving from the income statement are based on figures reported for the corresponding periods 
for the previous year. Unless otherwise specified, balance-sheet and other cross-sectional figures on 31 
December 2021 are used as comparatives. 
* Change in ratio 
Solidarity mechanism in OP Group 
General principles 
The “mutual solidarity” mechanism applied within OP Amalgamation is laid down in the Amalgamation Act. The 
central cooperative is responsible for the implementation of the solidarity mechanism (calculation of 
contributions from the Affiliated Credit Institutions (including the Issuer) and the collection of the contributions 
as well as forwarding the contributions to the Affiliated Credit Institution being supported) and it has the 
ultimate liability for the obligations of the Affiliated Credit Institutions. The Affiliated Credit Institutions have a 
recourse right on the central cooperative for the amount of the contribution they have made to the central 
cooperative under the solidarity mechanism. The central cooperative has, in turn, a recourse right on the 
supported Affiliated Credit Institution for the amount paid to it by the central cooperative. 
The solidarity mechanism consists of the following elements: 
(i) 
mutual capital support to ensure the capital adequacy of an Affiliated Credit Institution which does 
not meet its statutory capital requirements; 
 
4 
Information found on page 2 of OP Financial Group’s unaudited interim report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022.

--- Page 102 ---
101 
(ii) 
joint and several liability between the Affiliated Credit Institutions to ensure the liquidity of an 
Affiliated Credit Institution that cannot meet its due obligations; 
(iii) 
the additional payment obligation of the Affiliated Credit Institutions in the insolvency of the 
central cooperative in accordance with the Finnish Co-operatives Act.  
An Affiliated Credit Institution will remain liable for its obligations under the solidarity mechanism for the first 
five years after withdrawal or expulsion from OP Amalgamation. 
Mutual capital support 
Each Affiliated Credit Institution has the obligation to lend to the central cooperative an annual amount of up 
to 0.05 per cent. of its balance sheet total, to be used by the central cooperative to recapitalise an Affiliated 
Credit Institution that fails to meet its statutory capital requirements. 
Joint and several liability 
A creditor who has not received payment for an overdue claim from an Affiliated Credit Institution may demand 
payment from the central cooperative. An Affiliated Credit Institution may not be declared bankrupt upon a 
creditor’s petition before the creditor has demanded the repayment of the principal debt from the central 
cooperative.  
Other Affiliated Credit Institutions have a statutory obligation to lend to the central cooperative the amount it 
has paid on behalf of the Affiliated Credit Institution that has failed to meet its payment obligation. The 
proportional share of each Affiliated Credit Institution is calculated on the basis of the share of its balance sheet 
total of the aggregate balance sheet total of all Affiliated Credit Institutions.  
OP Corporate Bank plc is, on a centralised basis, in charge of OP Financial Group’s liquidity reserve and it 
guarantees the liquidity of the central cooperative and the Affiliated Credit Institutions in all situations. Because 
the joint liability is thus automatically implemented by a single liquidity pool within OP Amalgamation, the 
procedural provisions laid down in the Amalgamation Act need not be applied in practice. 
However, the Bonds issued under the Programme (along with Derivative Contracts, any N-Bonds that may be 
issued and Management Costs as well as Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans (ranking behind such other secured 
obligations)) have a statutory priority over the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. The priority right in the statutory 
security extends to the assets in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in their entirety. In the case of the 
liquidation of any Affiliated Credit Institution other than the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer entered on the 
Register as supporting the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool will not be available to cover such other Affiliated 
Credit Institution’s obligations until the Issuer’s obligations under the Bonds have been satisfied. Similarly, by 
virtue of Section 20, Subsection 2 and Section 21, Subsection 2 of the Covered Bond Act assets, which are 
entered in the Register to support the Public Bond Cover Asset Pool from a balance sheet of a member of OP 
Financial Group acting as a borrower under an Intermediary Loan, will not, in the case of the liquidation of any 
Affiliated Credit Institution other than the borrower of the Intermediary Loan, be available to cover such other 
Affiliated Credit Institution’s obligations until the obligations of the borrower under the Intermediary Loan in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Act have been satisfied. 
The statutory priority of the Bondholders to the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool is not affected by the joint 
liability of the Affiliated Credit Institutions and OP Cooperative. However, if the assets in the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool would not be sufficient to cover the payments to the Bondholders, the Bondholders would be 
treated as normal unsecured creditors. In such case, the Bondholders could demand payment from OP 
Cooperative. 
OP Financial Group’s insurance companies and OP-Services Ltd do not fall within the scope of joint liability. 
Refinancing liability of the Affiliated Credit Institutions in the central cooperative’s default 
The Affiliated Credit Institution, as members of the central cooperative, have unlimited refinancing liability in 
case of the central cooperative’s liquidation or bankruptcy, in accordance with chapter 14 of the Cooperatives 
Act (osuuskuntalaki 421/2013, as amended). The liability of each member is determined on the basis of its balance 
sheet total assets.

--- Page 103 ---
102 
Public Supervision of OP Financial Group 
The ECB is responsible for the prudential supervision of OP Cooperative and OP Amalgamation.  
The ECB supervises OP Cooperative to ensure that it fulfils its supervisory responsibilities in respect of the 
Affiliated Credit Institutions and other entities belonging to OP Amalgamation. 
In addition, OP Financial Group as a whole is subject to the supplementary supervision by the ECB pursuant to 
Directive 2002/87/EC on the supplementary supervision of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and 
investment firms in a financial conglomerate (the Financial Conglomerates Directive). 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for the conduct supervision of all regulated entities within the OP Financial Group 
(including compliance with securities market regulation), for the prudential supervision of insurance 
undertakings, and for the supervision of mortgage banking activities.  
Principal Subsidiaries 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
OP Corporate Bank plc (formerly Pohjola Bank plc) is OP Cooperative’s largest subsidiary   and provides banking 
services. OP Corporate Bank plc acts as OP Financial Group’s central bank and together with OP Mortgage Bank, 
manages OP Financial Group’s liquidity and international funding.  
In 2014, OP Cooperative completed its public voluntary bid and gained ownership of all Pohjola Bank shares by 
decision of the Arbitral Tribunal in accordance with Chapter 18, Section 6 of the Finnish Companies Act. 
OP Corporate Bank plc sold all shares of its subsidiary OP Custody Ltd to OP Cooperative on 30 November 2021. 
OP Corporate Bank plc’s Baltic subsidiaries OP Finance AS (Estonia), OP Finance SIA (Latvia) and AB OP Finance 
(Lithuania) merged into their parent company OP Corporate Bank plc on 31 October 2021 through a cross-border 
subsidiary merger.  
On 29 November 2021, OP Corporate Bank plc implemented a partial demerger in such a way that the shares of 
Pohjola Insurance Ltd, OP Corporate Bank plc’s subsidiary engaged in non-life insurance business, were 
transferred to the direct ownership of OP Cooperative. Technically, this was implemented in such a way that OP 
Corporate Bank plc demerged through a partial demerger into OP Insurance Holding Ltd, an ancillary company 
wholly owned by OP Cooperative, on 29 November 2021, which merged into OP Cooperative through a 
subsidiary merger on 30 November 2021.  
Pohjola Insurance Ltd sold all shares of Pohjola Hospital Ltd to Pihlajalinna Terveys Oy, part of Pihlajalinna Group. 
The corporate transaction was published on 2 July 2021. The net debt free transaction price is EUR 31.8 million. 
The Finnish Competition and Consumer Authority approved the corporate transaction on 14 January 2022. 
Pohjola Hospital was transferred to Pihlajalinna’s ownership on 1 February 2022. 
OP Asset Management Ltd 
OP Asset Management Ltd offers a broad range of comprehensive asset management services, discretionary 
portfolio management and consultative asset management services for Finnish institutions and wealthy private 
individuals and families. OP Asset Management Execution Services Oy merged into OP Asset Management Ltd 
through a subsidiary merger on 30 April 2021. 
OP-Services Ltd  
OP-Services Ltd merged into OP Cooperative on 30 November 2021 through a subsidiary merger. 
OP Mortgage Bank (The Issuer)  
OP Mortgage Bank acting via the Member Cooperative Banks transfers collateral of housing loans originated by 
Member Cooperative Banks to its cover pool via an intermediary loan process. The bank finances its operations 
by issuing covered bonds with mortgage collateral. For further information, see “Description of OP Mortgage 
Bank” above.

--- Page 104 ---
103 
Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank 
On 31 July 2022 Itä-Uudenmaan Osuuspankki and Uudenmaan Osuuspankki merged into Helsinki Area 
Cooperative Bank (formerly known as Helsinki OP Bank Ltd), which is engaged in retail banking in the Helsinki 
Metropolitan Area. In connection with the merger, the business name of Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank was 
changed to Uudenmaan Osuuspankki. Uudenmaan Osuuspankki is not a subsidiary of OP Osuuskunta since OP 
Cooperative no longer exercises dominant influence, as defined in Chapter 1, Section 5 of the Accounting Act, 
over Uudenmaan Osuuspankki (former Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank) as a result of the merger.  
OP Life Assurance Company Ltd 
OP Life Assurance Company Ltd runs OP Financial Group’s life and pension insurance operations in a centralised 
manner. It also sees to their development. The company’s portfolio includes life, pension, investment and term 
insurance services. 
OP Fund Management Company Ltd 
OP Fund Management Company Ltd manages OP Financial Group’s mutual funds. In selling fund units, the 
company uses the Member Banks and Helsinki Area Cooperative Bank’s service network, as well as OP Financial 
Group’s online services. 
OP Retail Customers plc 
OP Retail Customers plc (formerly OP Card Company Plc) provides unsecured consumer loans to the Member 
Cooperative Banks’ private customers. OP Customer Services Ltd merged into OP Card Company Plc 30 
November 2019. The name of the company changed on 1 June 2021 from OP Card Company Plc to OP Retail 
Customers plc.  
Other Institutions 
OP Bank Group Pension Foundation 
OP Bank Group Pension Foundation handles supplementary pension security for persons covered by it. 
Management 
Management of OP Cooperative 
The management structure of OP Cooperative consists of the Cooperative Meeting, the Supervisory Council, 
the Board of Directors and the President and Group Chief Executive Officer. The Cooperative Meeting is the 
highest decision-making body of OP Cooperative. The Board of Directors controls and supervises the operations 
of OP Cooperative as the central cooperative and the whole OP Financial Group. Without prejudice to the 
supervisory obligation of the Board of Directors, the general duties of the Supervisory Council include 
supervising the governance of OP Cooperative which is managed by and the responsibility of the Board of 
Directors and the President and Group Chief Executive Officer acting as the CEO. This governance structure has 
been in place since 1 January 2020. 
Cooperative Meeting 
The Cooperative Meeting is OP Cooperative's highest decision-making body. The Annual Cooperative Meeting 
confirms the financial statements and elects the members of the Supervisory Council and the auditor. The 
Cooperative Meeting approves amendments to the bylaws of OP Cooperative, when necessary. 
The representatives of the Member Cooperative Banks of OP Cooperative, exercise decision-making power at 
the cooperative meeting. 
OP Financial Group Nomination Committee assists in matters related to the nomination and appointment of the 
Supervisory Council members. 
Supervisory Council 
OP Cooperative’s Supervisory Council comprises of thirty-six (36) members elected by the Cooperative Meeting. 
The members are elected from the regions of the Federations of the Member Cooperative Banks so that six 
members are elected from each Federation, four of whom are members of the governing bodies of the 
Federation’s member banks and two are managing directors.

--- Page 105 ---
104 
The general duties of the Supervisory Council include supervising the governance of OP Cooperative for which 
the Board of Directors and the President and Group Chief Executive Officer are responsible, without prejudice 
to the supervisory obligation of the Board of Directors. The Supervisory Council is tasked with confirming 
decisions of the Board of Directors that are far-reaching or important by principle or financially significant to OP 
Financial Group. 
The Supervisory Council appoints the members of the Board of Directors as well as the President and Group 
Chief Executive Officer acting as the CEO, and his/her deputy. The Council also carries out other duties stipulated 
for it in the bylaws of OP Cooperative. The Supervisory Council has a Supervisory Council Nomination Committee 
and it may set up other Supervisory Council preparatory bodies to prepare matters discussed at a Supervisory 
Council meeting. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors comprises of the incumbent President and Group Chief Executive Officer and nine to 
thirteen (9–13) other members appointed by the Supervisory Council. A minimum of four members of the Board 
of Directors must be independent of OP Cooperative and the other OP Financial Group companies. 
The Board of Directors is tasked with: 
1) 
controlling the operations of OP Cooperative, OP Cooperative Consolidated, the amalgamation and the 
entire OP Financial Group in accordance with the Supervisory Council instructions and managing the 
administration and due organisation of the operations of OP Cooperative in accordance with all relevant 
regulations and official instructions and decisions, and being responsible for ensuring that supervision of OP 
Cooperative’s accounting and financial management is duly organised (administrative duty); and 
2) supervising OP Cooperative, its subsidiaries and the companies within the amalgamation that they act on 
the applicable laws, orders and decisions, on their bylaws or articles of association and on the principles 
confirmed by the central cooperative’s Supervisory Council and Board of Directors and the instructions they 
have issued (supervisory duty). 
The Board of Directors appoints OP Cooperative’s Chief Audit Executive, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Compliance 
Officer and other directors reporting directly to the President and Group Chief Executive Officer. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of the following members: Jaakko Pehkonen 
(Chair, M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.), D.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.)), Jarna Heinonen (Vice Chair, M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. 
Adm.), D.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.)), Petri Sahlström M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.), D.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.), Jari 
Himanen (Diploma in Business and Administration, eMBA), Kati Levoranta (LL.M., Trained on the Bench, MBA), 
Pekka Loikkanen (M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.)), Tero Ojanperä (M.Sc. (Computer Science), Ph.D. (Electrical 
Engineering)), Riitta Palomäki (M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.)), Timo Ritakallio (D.Sc. (Tech.), LL.M, MBA), Olli 
Tarkkanen (Master of Laws (LL.M), eMBA) and Mervi Väisänen (M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.), Approved Board 
Member). 
OP Cooperative’s Board of Directors has a statutory Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Risk Committee 
and Audit Committee whose composition and duties are prescribed in the bylaws of OP Cooperative and whose 
duties in greater detail are prescribed in each committee’s charter approved by the Board of Directors. The 
majority of each committee’s members must be independent of OP Financial Group companies. 
President and Group Chief Executive Officer 
The central cooperative has a CEO who is called President and Group Chief Executive Officer. The President and 
Group Chief Executive Officer is appointed by OP Cooperative’s Supervisory Council. During his incumbency, the 
President and Group Chief Executive Officer sits on OP Cooperative’s Board of Directors. 
The President and Group Chief Executive Officer is tasked with representing OP Cooperative in accordance with 
the Cooperatives Act and being responsible for the daily management of OP Cooperative according to the 
guidelines and regulations issued by the Board of Directors. 
Mr. Timo Ritakallio, D.Sc. (Tech.), LL.M., MBA has acted as the President and Group Chief Executive Officer as 
of 1 March 2018 and Mr. Harri Nummela, (Master of Laws (LL.M), eMBA) has acted as Deputy to the President 
and Group Chief Executive Officer as of 1 March 2022.

--- Page 106 ---
105 
Conflicts of Interest 
The members of OP Cooperative’s administrative and management bodies do not have conflicts of interest 
between any duties to OP Financial Group and their private interests and/or their other duties.  
Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer and OP Financial Group during the last two financial years was: KPMG Oy Ab, 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, FI 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
Recent Events  
The European Central Bank 's supervision 
OP Financial Group is supervised by the ECB. 
On 25 April 2019, OP Financial Group received the ECB’s decision on increases in the risk weights of mortgage-
backed retail exposures as part of the targeted review of internal models (TRIM). These risk weight increases 
will be valid until further notice, until the qualitative requirements set out in the decision have been met.  
On 19 February 2020, OP Financial Group received the ECB’s decision concerning the change in the definition of 
default, in which the ECB set risk weighting factors for corporate and retail exposures. These risk-weighting 
factors will be valid until the qualitative requirements set out in the decision have been met. 
On 11 December 2020, OP Financial Group received the ECB’s decision concerning increases in the risk weights 
of retail exposures. The decision overruled the ECB’s earlier decision issued on 2 February 2017. 
On 18 March 2021, OP Financial Group received the ECB’s decision concerning an increase in the risk parameter 
of corporate exposures. This risk parameter factor will be valid until the qualitative requirements set out in the 
decision have been met. 
The ECB has set a capital requirement for OP Financial Group based on SREP. The capital buffer requirement 
(P2R) set by the ECB is 2.25% (2.25) as of 1 January 2022. 
Changes in the Executive Management Team of OP Financial Group’s central cooperative 
Chief Risk Officer Markku Pehkonen joined OP Cooperative’s Executive Management Team on 1 January 2022. 
Pehkonen has served as OP Financial Group’s Chief Risk Officer since 2018. 
Vesa Aho, who was appointed Executive Vice President of OP Financial Group’s Insurance Customers segment 
and Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of Pohjola Insurance, took up his new duties on 1 March 
2022. Aho previously served as the CFO of OP Financial Group. In his new position, Aho will also continue as 
member of the Executive Management Team of OP Cooperative. Olli Lehtilä, the previous EVP, CEO of Pohjola 
Insurance, will become the Managing Director of the new Uudenmaan Osuuspankki. 
Mikko Timonen, who was appointed CFO and a member of OP Cooperative’s Executive Management Team, 
took up his new duties on 1 March 2022. Timonen previously worked as Head of Business Control in OP Financial 
Group’s Corporate Banking segment.  
Kasimir Hirn, M.Sc. (Econ. & Bus. Adm.), was appointed as the new Chief Information Officer (CIO) of OP 
Financial Group as of 1 September 2022. He will also become a member of OP Cooperative’s Executive 
Management Team. 
As the CIO, Hirn will be responsible for the development and maintenance of OP Financial Group’s services and 
systems and for the Development & Technologies unit. Hirn has worked for OP Financial Group since 2001, most 
recently as the head of the Infrastructure & Architecture function. 
OP Financial Group’s current CIO, Juho Malmberg, will resign from OP Financial Group at his own request on 1 
November 2022. He will act as Senior Advisor as of 1 September until 31 October. 
Pohjola Insurance sold its hospital business 
Pohjola Insurance Ltd, part of OP Financial Group, sold all shares of Pohjola Hospital Ltd to Pihlajalinna Terveys 
Oy, part of Pihlajalinna Group. On 14 January 2022, the Finnish Competition and Consumer Authority approved

--- Page 107 ---
106 
the corporate transaction, which was finalised on 1 February 2022. The net debt free transaction price was EUR 
31.8 million. In addition, OP Financial Group sold five hospital buildings in March. 
Annual Cooperative Meeting 
On 26 April 2022, OP Cooperative held its Annual Cooperative Meeting which elected members of the 
Supervisory Council and the auditor.  
The Supervisory Council comprises 36 members.  The Annual Cooperative Meeting re-elected the following 
members to the Supervisory Council who were due to resign:  
• 
Managing Director Mika Helin;  
• 
Bachelor of Hospitality Management, MBA Mervi Hinkkanen;  
• 
Managing Director Raili Hyvönen;  
• 
Development Manager Mika Kainusalmi; 
• 
Managing Director Kaisa Markula;  
• 
Managing Director Ulf Nylund;  
• 
Managing Director Teuvo Perätalo; 
• 
entrepreneur Timo Syrjälä; and  
• 
Managing Director Pauliina Takala. 
New Supervisory Council members elected were:  
• 
M.Sc. Eeva Harju; 
• 
Municipal Manager Tuomas Lohi;  
• 
Managing Director Kari Mäkelä; 
• 
Managing Director Leena Selkee; and  
• 
farmer Janne Tiiri.  
At its reorganising meeting on 26 April 2022, the Supervisory Council elected the presiding officers of the 
Supervisory Council. CFO Annukka Nikola was elected as Chair and entrepreneur Taija Jurmu and Managing 
Director Ari Väänänen as Vice Chairs of the Supervisory Council.  
The Annual Cooperative Meeting re-elected KPMG Oy Ab, an audit firm, to act as the auditor for the financial 
year 2022, with Juha-Pekka Mylén, APA, acting as the chief auditor, appointed by KPMG Oy Ab. 
OP Financial Group will apply an RWA floor, based on the standardised approach, in the calculation of its 
capital adequacy ratio 
On 30 June 2022, OP Financial Group adopted the risk-weighted assets (RWA) floor, based on the Standardised 
Approach, in the calculation of the Group’s capital adequacy ratio. This was due to enhanced regulatory 
requirements and discussions with the European Central Bank (ECB) on the application of the Internal Ratings 
Based Approach (IRBA). 
OP Financial Group’s capital adequacy remains strong, despite the application of the floor. Application of the 
floor eventually decreased OP Financial Group’s CET1 ratio by just one percentage point and its FiCo ratio by 
around 15 percentage points. OP Financial Group's CET1 ratio stood at 17.6% and its FiCo ratio at 137% on 30 June 
2022. 
After application of the floor, OP Mortgage Bank’s CET1 ratio stood at 29.6% on 30 June 2022. The ratio was 
weakened by the adoption of the risk-weighted assets floor based on the Standardised Approach in OP Financial 
Group according to the decision made on 1 March 2022. 
Application of the floor will have no material impact in OP Financial Group’s bond issuance plan for 2022.

--- Page 108 ---
107 
CET Ratio 
OP Mortgage Bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio stood at 29.6% (92.9) on 30 June 2022. The ratio was 
weakened by the adoption of the risk-weighted assets floor based on the Standardised Approach in OP Financial 
Group according to the decision made on 1 March 2022. 
Events after the reporting period 
On 26 July 2022, OP Cooperative’s Board of Directors decided to file a pre-application with the European Central 
Bank (ECB) on the use of the Standardised Approach in capital adequacy calculation, instead of the internal 
models (IRBA) and the currently applied risk-weighted assets floor based on the Standardised Approach. A 
possible transfer to the Standardised Approach will not affect OP Mortgage Bank’s capital adequacy or risk 
exposure. These decisions were based on increased regulatory requirements and discussions with the banking 
supervisor (ECB) on the application of the IRBA.

--- Page 109 ---
108 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INTERMEDIARY LOAN AGREEMENTS AND THE FRAMEWORK AGREEMENTS 
 
General 
Eligible Assets constituting the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool are placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
under arrangements agreed in Intermediary Loan Agreements and Framework Agreements entered into 
between the Issuer and the respective Member Cooperative Banks. By virtue of the Intermediary Loan 
Agreements, the Issuer may enter Mortgage Loans, which are in the balance sheets of the Member Cooperative 
Banks acting as borrowers under the Intermediary Loans, in the Register to support the Covered Bond Cover 
Asset Pool. Furthermore, the Framework Agreements entitle the Issuer to purchase Mortgage Loans from the 
Member Cooperative Banks for the purpose of including them in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. Each 
Member Cooperative Bank which is party to an Intermediary Loan Agreement, or a Framework Agreement is 
hereinafter referred to as an Originator. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool consists only of Mortgage Loans, which 
have been placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheets of the Originators by virtue of 
the Intermediary Loan Agreements. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not intend to purchase 
Mortgage Loans from the Originators under the Framework Agreements, either; instead, the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool is intended to include only Mortgage Loans placed from the balance sheets of the Originators.  
Pursuant to the Intermediary Loan Agreements and the Framework Agreements, the Issuer may also enter 
Public-Sector Loans in the Register to support the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheets of 
the Originators or purchase Public-Sector Loans from the Originators for the purpose of including them in the 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. In this case, the position set out in this section regarding Mortgage Loans 
applies equally to Public-Sector Loans unless otherwise stated. 
Intermediary Loan Agreements 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of each agreement in respect of Intermediary Loans (each an Intermediary 
Loan Agreement) and in accordance with Chapter 7 of the Covered Bond Act, the Issuer (as lender) will grant 
Intermediary Loans to other Originators (as borrowers). The Originators acting as borrowers under 
Intermediary Loans, in turn, place Mortgage Loans from their balance sheet in the Covered Bond Cover Asset 
Pool as security for the Bonds. This is done by the Issuer, which enters such Mortgage Loans in the Register. The 
key features of the Intermediary Loans and the requirements set out for granting Intermediary Loans and the 
collateral granted in connection with Intermediary Loans are summarised above in “Description of OP Mortgage 
Bank – Summary of the Intermediary Loan Agreements”. See also “Intermediary Loan Agreements, Loan 
Acquisition and Limited Recourse to the Originators”.   
As the Mortgage Loans are placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheets of the 
Originators, the Intermediary Loan Agreements specify the procedures for the purpose of ensuring that the 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool continuously complies with the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act 
and the terms of the Bonds. These procedures include, inter alia, the process of pooling of the Mortgage Loans. 
The pooling is carried out by the Issuer, which is authorised by each Originator to select eligible Mortgage Loans 
from the balance sheets of the Originators and enter them in the Register to support the Covered Bond Cover 
Asset Pool. The Issuer performs the pooling on a continuous basis, normally on each Business Day, and, to the 
extent necessary, in this connection removes Mortgage Loans from the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool (by 
removing them from the Register) on grounds of, for example, decreases in the principal amount of the 
Mortgage Loan due to repayments or in the value of the collateral of the Mortgage Loan, and adds new 
Mortgage Loans in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheets of the Originators (by entering 
the Mortgage Loans in the Register). The Issuer also monitors the composition of the Covered Bond Cover Asset 
Pool in accordance with the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and, where necessary, takes other

--- Page 110 ---
109 
relevant action to fulfil the requirements set out for the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in the Covered Bond 
Act and, where applicable, any requirements set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.  
The Issuer will, in addition to the above-described measures taken or to be taken by the Issuer, as applicable, 
also rely on the representations and warranties to be given by the Originator in the Intermediary Loan 
Agreement.  
The representations and warranties include, without limitation, statements to the following effect: 
(a) 
in granting the relevant Mortgage Loan, drafting the Mortgage Loan documentation, and assessing the 
creditworthiness of the debtor of the Mortgage Loan, the Originator has complied with all laws, decrees, 
guidelines and regulations (which include the Origination Criteria) associated with lending; 
(b) 
each Mortgage Loan and its related loan security entered in the Register pursuant to the related 
Intermediary Loan Agreement satisfies the requirements of the Covered Bond Act and the regulations 
made thereunder prior to the entering of the Mortgage Loan in the Register and during the time the 
Mortgage Loan is entered in the Register;  
(c) 
there are no restrictions in placing the Mortgage Loans in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Act;  
(d) 
the Originator provides the Issuer with all relevant information on the Mortgage Loans to assess the 
compliance of the Mortgage Loans with the applicable requirements and/or required to fulfil the 
requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act; 
(e) 
the Originator facilitates the access of the Issuer to all relevant information systems; and 
(f) 
upon the Issuer’s demand, the Originator undertakes to take all measures relating to the Mortgage 
Loans which are necessary on grounds of applicable legislation or regulations without undue delay. 
In the event of a breach of warranty in an Intermediary Loan Agreement, the Issuer will be entitled to remove 
such Mortgage Loan from the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool (by removing it from the Register) and place new 
Mortgage Loans from the balance sheet of the Originator in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool (by entering it 
in the Register) to fulfil the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and the terms of the Bonds, as 
applicable. In addition, by virtue of the Framework Agreements, the Originators are also obliged to sell 
Mortgage Loans to the Issuer if the Issuer deems this necessary to fulfil the requirements set out in the Covered 
Bond Act and the terms of the Bonds, as applicable, resulting from, for example, breach under the Intermediary 
Agreement. 
Framework Agreements  
The framework agreements between the Issuer and the Originators concern (i) requirements relating to the 
Mortgage Loans, which are either placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheet of an 
Originator or sold by the Originators to the Issuer, (ii) information obligations of the Originators concerning 
such Mortgage Loans, and (iii) the purchases of Mortgage Loans from the Originators by the Issuer (the 
Framework Agreements). See also “Description of OP Mortgage Bank – Summary of the Framework Agreements” 
and “Intermediary Loan Agreements, Loan Acquisition and Limited Recourse to the Originators” above.   
In case of breach of warranty under a Framework Agreement by an Originator in relation to a Mortgage Loan, 
which is either in the balance sheet of an Originator or which has been purchased by the Issuer, the Issuer is 
entitled to, inter alia, require that the Originator indemnifies the breach. In relation to Mortgage Loan which has 
been purchased by the Issuer, the Issuer is also entitled to require that such Mortgage Loan and its related 
security is transferred back to the respective Originator. Each Originator is obliged to compensate the Issuer for 
damage caused by its breach of contract under the Framework Agreement. 
Requirements relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The Framework Agreement determines the requirements which the Mortgage Loans and their security must 
fulfil and the procedures the Originators must comply with when granting the Mortgage Loans. As regards 
Mortgage Loans, which are placed in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool from the balance sheet of an 
Originator, also the Intermediary Loan Agreements set out requirements for the Mortgage Loans – see 
“Intermediary Loan Agreements” above.

--- Page 111 ---
110 
Pursuant to the Framework Agreement, when granting credit, the Originator must comply with, inter alia, the 
legislation, official regulations and instructions, and the instructions given by the Issuer, including the 
Origination Criteria in force from time to time. Before granting the Mortgage Loan, the Originator must 
determine the creditworthiness of the debtor of the Loan and make a credit rating in accordance with applicable 
instructions. The prospective debtor of a Mortgage Loan must not have any registered payment defaults. The 
credit decision must be documented so that the information based on which the decision was made can be 
verified later. The Framework Agreement also requires, inter alia, that the security of each Mortgage Loan must 
have a first-ranking priority and that the fair value of the security of each Mortgage Loan is determined in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Act, the applicable Intermediary Loan Agreement, and the instructions given 
by the Issuer and the OP Group. 
Each Originator warrants under the Framework Agreement, inter alia, that: 
(a) it has granted each Mortgage Loan in accordance with the Framework Agreement and other applicable 
guidelines and regulations; 
(b) each Mortgage Loan and related security fulfil the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act and 
applicable requirements concerning mortgage bank operations; and  
(c) 
it has complied with all laws, decrees, guidelines and regulations associated with lending when granting 
the Mortgage Loans and thereafter. 
In addition, pursuant to the Framework Agreements, when granting Mortgage Loans, the Originators must 
comply with, inter alia, all applicable legislation and guidance issued by the Issuer, including the Origination 
Criteria. The Origination Criteria may be amended from time to time. The Origination Criteria for the Mortgage 
Loans, applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus include, without limitation, the following:  
(a) each borrower has to be identifiable by a Finnish social security number or business identity number; 
(b) the Acquired Mortgage Loan can be neither subject to collection nor subject to any debt reorganisation; 
(c) the Loan Security related to the Acquired Mortgage Loan must be valid; and 
(d) the Acquired Mortgage Loan is not a non-performing loan on the date of transfer.  
 
Information obligations of the Originators 
The Originator is, inter alia, obliged to ensure that the information concerning the Mortgage Loans in the 
information systems are kept up to date in accordance with the applicable instructions and is responsible for 
ensuring that the assessment information in the information systems is correct and up to date. Furthermore, 
the Originators must facilitate the Issuer’s access to these registers and systems. The Issuer has the right to 
receive from the Originator all information, documents, and reports which the Issuer deems relevant in relation 
to the Mortgage Loans or which the Issuer deems necessary in order to meet the requirements set out in the 
Covered Bond Act or the terms and conditions of the Bonds. 
Purchases of Mortgage Loans 
Pursuant to the Framework Agreements, the Originators are obliged to sell Mortgage Loans to the Issuer for 
the purpose of including them in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool if the Issuer deems this necessary to fulfil 
the requirements set out in the Covered Bond Act or the terms of the Bonds, as applicable (each such Mortgage 
Loan hereinafter referred to as an Acquired Mortgage Loan). In this case, the relevant Originator is obliged to 
ensure the due transfer of legal title and any related rights and benefits under applicable Finnish law of each 
promissory note evidencing the Acquired Mortgage Loan by taking all relevant measures required under law to 
effect the transfer. The purchase price payable by the Issuer for each Acquired Mortgage Loan shall be their 
market value at the time of purchase unless otherwise agreed between the parties.   
The representations and warranties described above in “Requirements and obligations of the Originator 
concerning the Mortgage Loans” apply also to Acquired Mortgage Loans. In addition, each Originator warrants 
under the Framework Agreements in relation to Acquired Mortgage Loan, inter alia, that: 
(a) it is entitled to transfer all of its rights associated with the Acquired Mortgage Loan in accordance 
with the Framework Agreement;

--- Page 112 ---
111 
(b) the Acquired Mortgage Loan is free of any prior-ranking mortgage, charges, liens and 
encumbrances; 
(c) it has complied with all statutory requirements relating to the transfer of the Acquired Mortgage 
Loan; and 
(d) the security of the Acquired Mortgage Loan has been granted on terms that allow for the security 
to be transferred with the Acquired Mortgage Loan. 
The Framework Agreement also addresses, among other things, the duties of the relevant Originator regarding 
customer service during the term of the Acquired Mortgage Loan which has been sold to the Issuer, as well as 
the processes related to customers’ payment delays. The relevant Originator is entitled to a fee in consideration 
of such services.

--- Page 113 ---
112 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVERED BOND COVER ASSET POOL  
The purpose of the statutory requirements of the Covered Bond Act is to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient 
Eligible Assets to produce funds to service any payments of interest and principal due and payable on the Bonds 
of each Series outstanding under the Programme. The Covered Bond Act requires the Issuer to continuously 
ensure that the total value of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool exceeds the value of the payment obligations 
arising from the Bonds (overcollateralisation). The value of the overcollateralisation must be at least 2 per cent.; 
however, if the requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3a, subparagraph 3 of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation are not met, the required level of overcollateralisation is at least 5 per cent. The overcollateralisation 
shall, in addition, cover the estimated winding-down costs associated with the Bonds. See also the “Description 
of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds” below. 
For the purposes of the asset coverage tests contained in the Covered Bond Act, the Issuer must ensure that 
the qualifying Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool may only be comprised of (a) Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector 
Loans that have been entered into the Register as collateral for the Bonds, (b) claims based on insurances 
against damage risks regarding collateral of Mortgage Loans entered into the Register, (c) Supplementary 
Collateral, (d) claims based on derivative contracts entered into in order to hedge against risks relating to 
covered bonds and cover pools collateralising them, and (e) funds which fulfil the requirements set out for 
Supplementary Collateral under the Covered Bond Act and which are used to cover the liquidity buffer 
requirement under Section 31 of the Covered Bond Act. 
The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with Eligible Assets in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Act.  
Investors should note that periodically updated general information in relation to the Covered Bond Cover Asset 
Pool can be found on the Issuer’s website at the following address: https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-
investors/issuers/op-mortgage-bank/cover-asset-pool. This information gives an overview of the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool based on statistical reports. The information is updated quarterly on the same date as the 
Issuer’s interim report is published. In the case of the information relating to the fourth quarter of each financial 
year, the information is updated on the date of publication of the Issuer’s financial statements bulletin for the 
financial year in question. 
Origination Criteria for the Mortgage Loans 
All Mortgage Loans are originated by a Member Cooperative Bank in accordance with its standard lending 
criteria at the time of origination. The principal lending criteria of each Member Cooperative Bank and the 
general characteristics of the borrowers whose Mortgage Loans are to be included in the Covered Bond Cover 
Asset Pool include, but are not limited to, the following:  
(a) 
each borrower is identified by a Finnish social security number or a Finnish business identity number; 
(b) 
the borrower has legal capacity and, in case of a natural person, is of age; 
(c) 
the borrower is creditworthy; 
(d) 
the borrower can be neither subject to debt collection procedures nor subject to any debt 
reorganisation; 
(e) 
on the date of inclusion in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool, the borrower had no public payment 
defaults (verified in Suomen Asiakastieto Oy’s register);  
(f) 
the Acquired Mortgage Loan is not a non-performing loan on the date of inclusion in the Covered Bond 
Cover Asset Pool. 
In addition to the principal lending criteria described above, all Mortgage Loans to be included in the Covered 
Bond Cover Asset Pool must fulfil the following Origination Criteria: 
(a) 
the loan will be secured with Property located or incorporated in Finland; and  
(b) 
the terms and conditions of the pledges relating to the Property contain a provision according to which 
the pledgor undertakes to maintain sufficient insurance of the Property. 
The principal lending criteria and the other Origination Criteria may change from time to time.

--- Page 114 ---
113 
Origination Criteria for the Public-Sector Loans 
All Public-Sector Loans to be included in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool will be either 
(a) 
granted to a state, a municipality, central bank or other public body meeting the conditions set out in 
Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs a or b of the Capital Requirements Regulation; or 
(b) 
fully collateralised by a guarantee as for own debt granted by a public body referred to in subsection (a) 
above. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no Public-Sector Loans in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool, 
and the Issuer does not intend to include Public-Sector Loans in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. 
Limited Description of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans and other 
Eligible Assets covering the Bonds, as it is expected that the composition of the portfolio of such Mortgage 
Loans and other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase of further 
Mortgage Loans (either directly or indirectly) and the repurchase by an Originator of Mortgage Loans pursuant 
to its obligations under the relevant Framework Agreement. 
Meetings of Bondholders and Modification 
The conditions of the Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Bondholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Bondholders including 
Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Bondholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
No Due Diligence 
The Dealers have not undertaken and will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect 
of any Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans or Supplementary Collateral contained or to be contained in the 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool but will instead rely on representations and warranties provided by the Issuer 
in the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 115 ---
114 
DESCRIPTION OF THE FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANKS AND COVERED BONDS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered 
Bonds (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022, as amended) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish 
legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the Risk Factors section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
General 
The Covered Bond Act entered into force on 8 July 2022 and repealed the preceding Finnish Act on Mortgage 
Credit Banks (laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended). It enables the issue of covered 
bonds (katetut joukkolainat) which are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets (the cover 
pool). The Covered Bond Act regulates which assets can be used as collateral for the covered bonds and the 
quality of such assets. They are issued by credit institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage 
in mortgage credit bank operations (kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an issuer).  
Supervision  
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the Covered Bond Act and may issue 
regulations for risk management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit bank operations. 
The supervisory powers of the FIN-FSA are set out in the Finnish Act on Financial Supervisory Authority (laki 
Finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended).  
The FIN-FSA may restrict an issuer’s mortgage credit bank operations for a specified period of time if the 
requirements set for the cancellation of the issuer's permission to engage in mortgage credit bank operations 
are fulfilled or if there is otherwise evidence of incompetence or carelessness in the management of the issuer, 
and it is apparent that any continuation of the operations would seriously jeopardise the achievement of the 
objectives for financial supervision. If no remedy has taken place within such period, the FIN-FSA may amend 
the terms of the permission for the purpose of permanently restricting the issuer’s mortgage credit bank 
operations. The FIN-FSA shall lay down a reasonably long period for the issuer to remedy the deficiency unless 
immediate restriction of the permission is necessary for safeguarding the achievement of the objectives for 
financial supervision. 
The FIN-FSA may also cancel an issuer’s permission to engage in mortgage credit bank operations where the 
achievement of the objectives for financial supervision cannot be adequately secured by restricting the issuer's 
mortgage credit bank operations or through other measures available to the FIN-FSA, provided however that 
the essential statutory conditions, under which the permission was granted or the operations were 
commenced, no longer exist or that the issuer has seriously neglected to comply with a prohibition or decision 
on redress ordered by the FIN-FSA. In addition, the FIN-FSA may cancel an issuer's permission to engage in the 
mortgage credit bank operations if the issuer’s operations constitute a material breach of the Covered Bond 
Act, the provisions or regulations issued thereunder, the terms of its permission or other applicable legislation; 
the issuer has closed down its business for a period of more than six (6) months or has been placed in liquidation; 
the issuer has not commenced its business within twelve (12) months of the granting of the permission; or the 
issuer has submitted essentially incorrect or insufficient information upon application for the permission. Prior 
to the withdrawal, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a reasonably long period for the issuer to remedy the deficiency 
unless immediate withdrawal of the permission is necessary for safeguarding the achievement of the objectives 
for financial supervision. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FIN-FSA has not issued further regulations on mortgage credit bank 
operations under the Covered Bond Act.  
Authorisation  
Mortgage credit bank operations is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered bonds on 
the basis of loans secured by residential or commercial real estate or shares in Finnish housing companies or 
mutual real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-sector bodies. Mortgage credit

--- Page 116 ---
115 
bank operations may be undertaken by a mortgage credit bank or another credit institution which has received 
a permission to engage in mortgage credit bank operations under the Covered Bond Act. 
A credit institution must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the Covered Bond Act in order to obtain a 
credit entity licence from the ECB or a permission from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage credit bank 
operations. In order to obtain such permission, the credit institution must, among other things, have in place 
suitable procedures and instruments for managing the risk entailed in holding the cover pool assets and in 
issuing covered bonds and also prove that it will be able to engage in mortgage credit bank operation in the 
planned extents. The issuer must have put the appropriate organizational structure and resources into place. 
Mortgage credit banks which hold a credit entity licence under the Covered Bond Act granted by the ECB and 
whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying out mortgage credit bank operations, must also apply for 
such permission to issue covered bonds. 
Register of covered bonds and cover pool  
The Covered Bond Act requires the issuer to maintain a register of the covered bonds and the collateral which 
forms the cover pool for the covered bonds. Cover pools collateralising the covered bonds and the collateral 
included in the cover pools shall be identifiable on the basis of the information recorded in the register. Any 
intermediary loan shall also be entered in the register. The actual entry of the covered bonds and the relevant 
derivative contracts in the register is necessary to confer the preferential right in the cover pool. Further, only 
assets entered into the register form part of the cover pool. 
The register must list, amongst other things, the covered bonds issued by the issuer and information on the 
assets in the cover pool collateralising the covered bonds, such as the number or other identification 
information of a loan or other claim, outstanding principal amount of the loan or other claim, and the fair value 
of the shares, real estate or corresponding object placed as collateral for the loan or other claim. The register 
must also list derivative contracts entered into by the issuer to hedge against the risks relating to covered bonds 
or their underlying collateral in accordance with Section 26 of the Covered Bond Act (derivative contracts) along 
with any bankruptcy liquidity loans entered into by the bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator of the issuer 
on behalf of the issuer to secure liquidity in accordance with Section 44 of the Covered Bond Act (bankruptcy 
liquidity loans). In addition, funds arising from collaterals and derivatives after the commencement of 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the issuer or, where relevant, debtor of an Intermediary Loan which placed the 
cover pool, must be entered in the register. 
The issuer must establish at least one cover pool for the collateral of covered bonds. If a cover pool collateralises 
a particular covered bond, this must be specified in the register along with the collateral included in such cover 
pool. However, each covered bond may only be covered by one cover pool. As regards each cover pool, 
information on which identified covered bonds are collateralised by the cover pool in question shall be marked 
in the register. The information concerning the cover pool shall indicate the identification information relating 
to each individual collateral. 
The Covered Bond Act does not provide for a specific timeframe within which the information concerning the 
collateral assets must be entered in the register. However, any changes in such information shall be entered in 
the register without delay (although no specific timeframe is provided for in the Covered Bond Act regarding 
such entries, either).  
The Covered Bond Act does not contain provisions on removal of collateral from the register. However, 
according to the preparatory works of the Covered Bond Act (HE 203/2021) (the Preparatory Works), an issuer 
and a debtor of an intermediary loan may make changes to the collateral included in the cover pool provided 
that the total value of the cover pool remains at least at the level required under the Covered Bond Act and the 
contractual terms of the covered bond. In addition, it follows from Chapter 10 of the Covered Bond Act that a 
loan shall be removed from the register if it can no longer be deemed to be an eligible asset (see “Eligible cover 
pool assets” below). A mortgage loan or a public-sector loan shall also be removed from the register when it 
has been fully repaid by the relevant borrower. A mortgage loan, a public sector loan or any supplementary 
collateral may also be removed from the register, if, after the removal, the remaining mortgage loans, public 
sector loans and supplementary collateral entered in the register are sufficient to meet the requirements 
prescribed in the Covered Bond Act. Accordingly, the cover pool is dynamic in the sense that an issuer may 
supplement or substitute assets in the cover pool.

--- Page 117 ---
116 
The issuer has a duty to maintain the register, and the issuer must prepare a recording, which cannot be changed 
afterwards, of the entries in the register. Otherwise, the Covered Bond Act contains no formal requirements for 
the physical form of the register. The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the register, including the due and 
proper recording of assets. The information in the register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. The loan 
document or information system, in which mortgage loans and public sector loans are managed, shall be 
marked with a record that the respective mortgage loan or public sector loan has been placed as a collateral for 
a covered bond. 
According to Section 19, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer must establish at least one cover pool 
for covered bond collateral. Each covered bond may only be covered by one cover pool. Pursuant to Section 20, 
Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, collateral included in a cover pool collateralises the principal and interest 
of all covered bonds collateralised by it as well as the obligations arising from derivative contracts relating to 
such covered bonds and the management and settlement costs of such covered bonds.  In addition, the cover 
pool collateralises bankruptcy liquidity loans, the providers of which are entitled to payment from the assets in 
the cover pool after the holders of the covered bonds, counterparties of derivative contracts, and the creditors 
of the management and settlement costs. 
Holders of the covered bonds, counterparties of derivative contracts and creditors of management and 
settlement costs are entitled to a payment from the collateral included in the cover pool before other creditors 
of the issuer or of the credit institution acting as a debtor under an intermediary loan. In addition, creditors of 
bankruptcy liquidity loans have a right to payment from the collateral included in the cover pool; however, only 
after the obligations referred to in Section 20, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act. Also interest and yield 
accruing on the collateral and substitute assets fall within the scope of the statutory priority.  
Eligible cover pool assets  
The covered bonds shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which are 
permitted as collateral for covered bonds consist of Mortgage Loans and supplementary collateral, each as 
defined in the Covered Bond Act as follows:  
Mortgage loans are housing loans or commercial property loans.  
Housing loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in 
Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 540/1995, as amended) (the 
Finnish Land Code); or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on 
Housing Companies (asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) (the Finnish Act on Housing Companies)  or 
shares, participations or rights of occupancy comparable thereto; or (iii) collateral comparable to the 
aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the EEA.  
Commercial property loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for commercial or office purposes 
referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code; or (ii) shares of a housing 
company or a mutual real estate company within the meaning of Chapter 28, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on 
Housing Companies entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office premises; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the EEA.  
Public-sector loans are loans which have been granted to a state, a municipality, a central bank, or other public-
sector entity meeting the requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs a or b of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012and loans which are fully 
collateralised by a guarantee as for own debt granted by such public-sector entity.  
Supplementary collateral refers to the following assets which fulfil the requirements laid down in Article 129 of 
Capital Requirements Regulation: (i) level 1, 2A or 2B funds eligible to fulfil the liquidity coverage requirement 
of a credit institution based on a delegated regulation adopted on the basis of Article 460 of Capital 
Requirements Regulation, and (ii) short-term exposures to credit institutions or short-term deposits within the 
meaning of Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph c of Capital Requirements Regulation, and may only be used 
as collateral for covered bonds on a temporary basis and in the circumstances set out in the Covered Bond Act 
(see “Supplementary Collateral” below).

--- Page 118 ---
117 
A cover pool may include commercial property loans a maximum of 10 per cent. of the total nominal value of 
the cover pool unless otherwise agreed in the terms of the covered bond. In addition, a cover pool may include 
supplementary collateral a maximum of 20 per cent. of the total nominal value of the cover pool. However, 
assets which are used to cover the liquidity buffer requirement (see “Requirements relating to liquidity” below) 
shall not fall within the scope of the 20 per cent. restriction concerning supplementary collateral. 
In addition to the above, pursuant to Sections 10 and 19 of the Covered Bond Act, derivative contracts concluded 
for hedging against risks related to covered bonds and their underlying collateral, claims based on an insurance 
indemnity relating to the collateral of mortgage loans, and funds which are used to cover the liquidity buffer 
requirement must be registered in the register and therefore constitute part of the cover pool assets.  
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
Pursuant to Section 12 of the Covered Bond Act, a mortgage loan shall not exceed the current value of the assets 
placed as collateral at the time of registration in the register. Section 15, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act 
further requires that a mortgage loan can only be accepted as a collateral if the current value of its collateral is 
determined, at the time the loan is granted, in accordance with the provisions of Capital Requirements 
Regulation and Chapter 9, Section 10 of the Credit Institutions Act as well as the provisions on credit risk 
management issued by the FIN-FSA based on Chapter 9, Section 24 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions. In 
addition, an assessment by an independent and external real estate assessor approved by the Central Chamber 
of Commerce within the meaning of the Finnish Act on Real Estate Funds (kiinteistörahastolaki 1173/1997), as 
amended, shall be obtained on shares and real estate which collateralise housing loans exceeding €3,000,000 
and commercial property loans. 
The issuer shall monitor the value of the shares or real estate entered as collateral for the covered bonds at 
least quarterly in accordance with Section 15, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act and based on a reliable 
statistical method describing the development of the market values of real estate or otherwise in a reliable 
manner. 
Pursuant to Section 14 of the Covered Bond Act, placing a loan claim as collateral for a covered bond shall not 
prevent an issuer or a credit institution acting as a debtor of an intermediary loan from agreeing on early 
repayment of the loan, amendments to loan terms with the debtor, the replacement of collateral with another 
collateral required in the Covered Bond Act, or otherwise restrict the rights of the creditor. 
If an issuer acquires a mortgage loan or a public-sector loan from another credit institution for the purpose of 
including them in a cover pool, the issuer must duly ensure that the loans to be acquired and their collateral 
meet the requirements for collateral of covered bonds set out in the Covered Bond Act. If the original creditor 
of a mortgage loan is not a credit institution, an issuer must assess the adequacy and appropriateness of the 
creditworthiness assessment methods used or comprehensively reassess the creditworthiness of the debtors. 
If creditworthiness assessment methods are not found to be at a level equivalent to those required by the 
provisions and regulations regarding the management of credit risks applicable to credit institutions, the 
creditworthiness of the debtors must be reassessed. These provisions apply mutatis mutandis also where 
mortgage loans and public-sector loans are placed as collateral as part of an intermediary loan arrangement. 
Insuring mortgage loan collateral  
Pursuant to Section 16, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, an issuer shall ensure that mortgage loan 
collateral included in a cover pool is properly insured against damage risks. An insurance indemnity, which is in 
favour of the holder of the collateral and which relates to a loan claim collateralising a covered bond, shall be 
valid also for the benefit of the covered bondholders. 
Requirements for matching cover 
Section 24, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act seeks to protect the position of the covered bondholders by 
requiring that (a) the total value of cover pool assets must always exceed the value of the payment obligations 
arising from the covered bonds and (b) the value of cover pool assets must always be at least 2 per cent. above 
the value of the payment obligations under the covered bonds (overcollateralisation). However, if the 
requirements laid down in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of Capital Requirements Regulation are

--- Page 119 ---
118 
not met, the value of the overcollateralisation must be at least 5 per cent. The overcollateralisation must, in 
addition, cover the estimated winding-down costs associated with covered bonds. 
The overcollateralisation must be determined using a present value-based calculation method. For the 
calculation of the present value, payments of loan claims included in the cover pool must be taken into account 
in such proportion in which the principals of those loan claims are calculated in the total value of the cover pool 
(see “Collateral valuation” below). However, if the present value-based calculation produces a higher total 
value of the cover pool for the obligations arising from covered bonds compared to the nominal value-based 
calculation, the overcollateralisation must be determined on a nominal value basis. 
In nominal value-based calculation, collateral included in a cover pool and obligations arising from covered 
bonds must be determined taking into account the impact of foreign exchange derivative contracts, whereas 
in present value-based calculation, derivative contracts must be determined on the basis of the present value 
at the time of assessment. Both the total value of a cover pool and obligations arising from covered bonds shall 
be determined using the same method. 
The FIN-FSA may issue further regulations on the determination of the value of derivatives and on the 
consideration of interest-rate cash flows in the calculation of the total value of a cover pool as well as on the 
calculation and valuation methods of the overcollateral. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
FIN-FSA has issued no such regulations.  
Collateral valuation 
Pursuant to Section 23, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, to determine the value of the cover pool assets 
in order to provide the matching cover required by Section 24 of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer shall take into 
account:  
(1) 
the remaining principal of a housing loan, however only for an amount not exceeding 80 per cent. of the 
current value of the shares or real estate placed as collateral for any housing loan;  
(2) 
the remaining principal of a commercial property loan, however only for an amount not exceeding 60 
per cent. of the current value of the shares or real estate placed as collateral for any commercial property 
loan; and 
(3) 
the principal of any other claims.  
A collateral value must not be calculated for an unsecured claim, the counterparty of which is to be deemed 
insolvent within the meaning of Article 178 of Capital Requirements Regulation. 
Supplementary Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent. of the aggregate amount of the total nominal value of the cover pool may temporarily consist 
of supplementary collateral. Supplementary collateral may be used only temporarily in situations where 
mortgage loans or public-sector loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for the covered 
bonds; or where the total value of the cover pool would not otherwise fulfil the provisions set out in Chapter 4 
of the Covered Bond Act. Assets meeting the conditions laid down for supplementary collateral are also used 
to fulfil the liquidity buffer requirement set out in the Covered Bond Act (see “Liquidity” below) and are counted 
as supplementary collateral in so far as they are not used to cover the liquidity buffer requirement.  
Assets, the counterparty of which shall be deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Article 178 of Capital 
Requirements Regulation, or which are financial instruments issued by the issuer itself or by an entity affiliated 
to it, shall not be used as supplementary collateral. 
The FIN-FSA may permit derogating from the 20 per cent. restriction concerning supplementary collateral for a 
set period for one of a number of particular reasons. According to the Preparatory Works, such particular reason 
may be, for example, a disruption in the financial market, a fault in an IT system relating to the formation and 
supervision of a cover pool, or the liquidation of collateral of a covered bond in the event of a bankruptcy or 
liquidation of an issuer or a debtor of an intermediary loan and placing funds accruing from such collateral 
temporarily in assets qualifying as supplementary collateral for the purpose of awaiting for the covered bond 
to fall due for payment. 
 
Liquidity

--- Page 120 ---
119 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 31, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer shall ensure that a cover pool continuously 
contains funds meeting the conditions laid down for supplementary collateral (see the definition above) in an 
amount which covers the maximum net outflow relating to covered bonds over the coming 180 days’ period. If 
a covered bond contains a term according to which the maturity of the covered bond may be extended, the 
issuer may use the extended maturity date for the purpose of determining the net outflow.  
The FIN-FSA has published a draft of regulations concerning calculation of the liquidity buffer requirement, and 
the final regulations are expected to enter into force on 30 June 2023. 
Extension of maturity 
Pursuant to Section 32, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, a covered bond may contain a term according to 
which the issuer may extend the maturity of the covered bond in accordance with a permission granted by the 
FIN-FSA. In such case, the contractual term must indicate the conditions laid down in Section 32 of the Covered 
Bond Act and must set a date on which the covered bond becomes due at the latest. 
Pursuant to Section 32, Subsection 2, the maturity may be extended only if: 
1. 
the issuer is unable to obtain financing from ordinary sources of long-term financing; 
2. 
the issuer cannot pay the principal and interest on the covered bond which is becoming due without 
falling below the liquidity coverage requirement regarding the issuer or an amalgamation to which the 
issuer belongs; and 
3. 
the extension does not affect the order of maturity based on the original maturity dates of covered 
bonds covered by the same cover pool. 
An issuer shall apply to the FIN-FSA for a permission to the maturity extension no later than five business days 
before the covered bond becomes due. The FIN-FSA shall grant the permission if the above conditions set out 
in Section 32, Subsections 1 and 2 of the Covered Bond Act are met. The permission of the FIN-FSA must indicate 
a new maturity date for the covered bond. 
 
A contractual term regarding the extension of maturity, which is in breach of Section 32 of the Covered Bond 
Act, is ineffective towards the creditors of a covered bond 
Intermediary loans  
Chapter 7 of the Covered Bond Act allows credit institutions (deposit banks and credit societies) belonging to 
the same consolidated group or to the same amalgamation of deposit banks as the mortgage credit bank issuing 
the covered bond to participate indirectly in the issue of covered bonds by means of intermediary loans granted 
by a mortgage credit bank to such institutions. The intermediary loan shall be entered in the register but shall 
not form part of the cover pool assets of the covered bonds. In addition, the borrower of the intermediary loan 
shall provide collateral in the form of mortgage loans and public-sector loans to be registered in the register as 
security for the covered bonds.  
The issuer is responsible for ensuring that the cover pool, which includes loan claims recorded in the balance 
sheet of a debtor of an intermediary loan, continuously complies with the requirements laid down in the 
Covered Bond Act and in the contractual terms of the covered bonds. The Covered Bond Act further requires 
that the contractual terms of the intermediary loan must specify procedures which ensure that the cover pool 
continuously complies with the requirements laid down in the Covered Bond Act and in the contractual terms 
of the covered bonds. The issuer must also ensure that mortgage loans placed in the cover pool from the

--- Page 121 ---
120 
balance sheet of the debtor of an intermediary loan meet the conditions laid down in the Covered Bond Act and 
in the contractual terms of the covered bond. 
A mortgage credit bank may make a payment to the borrower of the intermediary loan from payments arising 
from the intermediary loan on the basis of a right of recourse caused by payment or disposal of a mortgage loan 
or a public-sector loan, provided that all covered bonds secured by the collateral have been fully paid. 
Upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, the estate of the issuer will be entitled to collect any proceeds 
from intermediary loans. Such proceeds shall be deposited in an account with the Bank of Finland or a deposit 
bank which does not belong to the same group or amalgamation of deposit banks as the issuer and entered in 
the register as security for the covered bonds. In the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the mortgage credit 
bank, payments arising from an intermediary loan may only be used for paying obligations arising from covered 
bonds. 
Covered bond collateral provided by a debtor of an intermediary loan shall not be subject to the Act on 
Guarantee and Third-Party Pledge (laki takauksesta ja vierasvelkapanttauksesta 361/1999 as amended), with the 
exception of what is laid down in Sections 28 to 30 of that Act regarding a guarantee and Section 40 of that Act 
regarding a third-party collateral. The potential right of recourse of a credit institution which is a debtor of an 
intermediary loan shall be primarily set off against the intermediary loan.  
Derivatives 
Pursuant to Section 26, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer may enter into derivative contracts to 
hedge against the risks relating to covered bonds or their underlying collateral. Details of any such derivative 
contracts must be entered in the register. The collaterals for derivative contracts included in the cover pool 
must be identifiable. The level of derivative hedges must be revised regularly in relation to the amount of risk 
hedged, and the derivative must be abandoned after the hedged risk ceases to exist. Derivative contracts must 
be kept in writing or in other permanent means. Derivative contracts included in a cover pool must contain a 
provision according to which they remain in force notwithstanding an issuer’s bankruptcy, liquidation, or 
resolution. In addition, derivative contracts and related counterparty risk must fulfil the conditions set out in 
Article 129 of the Capital Requirements Regulation. Pursuant to Section 39, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond 
Act, if an issuer is declared bankrupt, derivative contracts are not deemed to have become due within the 
meaning of the Bankruptcy Act.  
 
Disclosure obligations and reporting 
 
Chapter 8 of the Covered Bond Act contains provisions on periodic disclosure obligations regarding covered 
bonds. In addition to the disclosure requirements set out elsewhere in legislation regarding an issuer of a 
security, an issuer of a covered bond must also display on its webpage the following information for at least the 
current calendar year and the five preceding calendar years: 
 
i. 
the total value of collateral and covered bonds issued; 
ii. 
international securities identification numbers (ISINs) of covered bonds; 
iii. 
the distribution of collateral by type, however in case of housing loans in a way that the information 
is presented as being separated into loans granted to natural persons, loans granted to housing 
companies, and other housing association loans; 
iv. 
the geographical distribution of the collateral of loan claims, account on valuation methods, and 
information on loan amounts of the loan claims; 
v. 
a description of the market risks associated with covered bonds, including interest rate risk and 
exchange rate risk, as well as of credit risks and liquidity risks;

--- Page 122 ---
121 
vi. 
information relating to the maturity of covered bonds, including any conditions for extending the 
maturity of a covered bond and the legal effects and other possible effects associated with the 
extension of the maturity date; 
vii. 
available collateral and the minimum level of collateral, including the minimum level of 
overcollateralisation set out in legislation, the overcollateralisation set out in the terms of a covered 
bond or a covered bond programme and the total value of a cover pool exceeding these levels; and 
viii. 
the proportion of those loan claims in the cover pool which either meet the requirements set out in 
Article 178 of the Capital Requirements Regulation or whose overdue principal or interest has 
otherwise been unpaid for at least 90 days. 
 
The above information must be published at least quarterly and presented separately regarding each cover 
pool. 
 
In addition, an issuer must report to the FIN-FSA on a quarterly basis, and separately at the request of the FIN-
FSA, information on (i) issued covered bonds, (ii) the cover pool in order for the FIN-FSA to assess that the cover 
pool complies with the conditions laid down in the Covered Bond Act, (iii) the assessment of collateral for loan 
claims included in the cover pool, (iv) the covered bond register in order for the FIN-FSA to assess that the 
collateral of the covered bond and items comparable to collateral are entered in the register in the manner laid 
down in the Covered Bond Act, (v) the collateral requirements and the calculation of the total amount of 
collateral, (vi) the fulfilment of the liquidity buffer requirement, and (vii) the contractual terms concerning the 
extension of maturity. 
 
The FIN-FSA has published a draft of regulations concerning reporting, and the final regulations are expected 
to enter into force on 30 June 2023. The FIN-FSA may also issue further regulations on the disclosure obligations; 
however, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FIN-FSA has issued no such regulations. 
 
Label 
Pursuant to Section 11 of the Covered Bond Act, only mortgage loans and public-sector loans which fulfil the 
eligibility requirements laid down in Article 129 of the Capital Requirements Regulation may be used as collateral 
for a covered bond issued under the Covered Bond Act. Furthermore, pursuant to Section 37 of the Covered 
Bond Act, an issuer may use the label “eurooppalainen katettu joukkolaina (premium)” (in English: “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”) and its language versions translated into the official languages of the European 
Union only for covered bonds which are issued in accordance with the Covered Bond Act. Therefore, all covered 
bonds issued under the Covered Bond Act fulfil the requirements laid down in Article 129 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation and are labelled as European Covered Bonds (Premium).  
 
Set-off  
In the event of liquidation or bankruptcy, a creditor of the issuer or of the borrower of an intermediary loan may 
not set-off its claim against the collateral included in the cover pool, unless otherwise provided under the 
Covered Bond Act. 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or 
pledge mortgage loans or public-sector loans which are included in the cover pool assets. An assignment or 
pledge violating such prohibition shall be void.  
An asset entered in the register as collateral for a covered bond may not be subject to enforcement for a debt 
of an issuer, an entity which granted a mortgage loan or a public-sector loan, or a debtor of an intermediary 
loan, nor may precautionary measures relating to such debt be directed at it.

--- Page 123 ---
122 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation, bankruptcy or resolution  
Under Finnish law, “selvitystila” (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or 
a winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law, “konkurssi” (or bankruptcy in English) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency, and “kriisinratkaisu” (or resolution in English) 
means the restructuring of a credit institution or an investment firm by the relevant resolution authority through 
the use of resolution tools in order to safeguard, inter alia, financial stability, public interests, and the continuity 
of the critical functions of the entity subject to resolution.  
Under Section 39, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, a covered bond and a derivative contract, which 
contains a contractual term according to which the contract remains in force notwithstanding the issuer’s 
bankruptcy, are not deemed to have become due within the meaning of Chapter 3, Section 9 of the Bankruptcy 
Act (konkurssilaki 120/2004, as amended) in the event of bankruptcy of the issuer. However, in the event of 
bankruptcy, these claims under covered bonds and derivative contracts must be lodged in accordance with the 
Bankruptcy Act. As regards liquidation and resolution, the Finnish legislation does not contain a provision 
pursuant to which a covered bond or a derivative contract would become due on grounds of the 
commencement of liquidation or resolution proceedings against the issuer or the debtor of an intermediary 
loan. Consequently, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered bond shall be paid 
until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered bond from the funds accruing on 
the cover pool assets of the covered bond before other claims. In bankruptcy and liquidation proceedings, the 
bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator, as applicable, must ensure due maintenance of the register. 
Collateral entered in the register in accordance with the Covered Bond Act may not be recovered pursuant to 
the Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 758/1991, 
as amended). 
Under Section 29, Subsection 4 of the Covered Bond Act, funds accruing from the collateral placed in the cover 
pool after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the entity which placed the cover pool (the issuer 
or a debtor of an intermediary loan) shall be separated from the other assets of that entity and entered in the 
register and shall therefore constitute part of the cover pool. Similarly, pursuant to Section 30, Subsection 2 of 
the Covered Bond Act, funds accruing from derivatives after the commencement of bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the issuer shall be entered in the register. Section 44, Subsection 4 of the Covered Bond Act further requires 
that after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of an issuer, funds arising from the collateral, 
derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of hedging covered bonds or their collateral, and intermediary 
loans relating to a covered bond included in the cover pool shall be deposited in an account with the Bank of 
Finland or a deposit bank which does not belong to the same group or amalgamation of deposit banks as the 
issuer. Such account receivables shall be entered in the register as collateral in a such a way that the register 
indicates in relation to each bank account the bank in which the bank account is held, the account number, and 
the cover pool in which the account receivable is included.  
The priority right of the covered bondholders applies to all collateral included in the cover pool, including 
interest and yield accruing on the collateral as well as any substitute assets. Pursuant to Section 20, Subsection 
1 of the Covered Bond Act, the counterparties of the derivative contracts entered in the register and the 
creditors of management and settlement costs relating to the covered bonds have an equal right with the 
holders of the covered bonds to payment from the assets entered in the register as collateral for the covered 
bonds and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, liabilities of the issuer under such derivative 
contracts and of such management and settlement costs rank pari passu with the covered bonds with respect 
to such cover pool assets. While also the providers of bankruptcy liquidity loans have a preferential right in 
relation to the cover pool, they are entitled to receive payment out of the collateral included in the cover pool 
only after the holders of the covered bonds, the counterparties of the derivative contracts entered in the 
register and the creditors of management and settlement costs. To the extent that the claims of the holders of 
the covered bonds, the counterparties of the derivative contracts entered in the register, the creditors of 
management and settlement costs and providers of bankruptcy liquidity loans (ranking behind such other 
secured obligations) cannot be fulfilled from the payments deriving from the collateral included in the cover 
pool or the funds received from the liquidation of the collateral included in the cover pool, the residual claims 
of these creditors will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuer. 
In the event of bankruptcy or liquidation of an issuer or a debtor of an intermediary loan, the bankruptcy 
administrator or the liquidator, as applicable may, with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA 
(see “Management of cover pool assets during liquidation or bankruptcy” below) transfer collateral entered in

--- Page 124 ---
123 
the register of covered bonds to the  bankruptcy estate or back to the issuer or the debtor of the intermediary 
loan only if the value of the cover asset pool considerably exceeds the minimum value set for the total value of 
the cover asset pool in Section 24 of the Covered Bond Act (see “Requirements for matching cover” above) and 
if it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred is not necessary to fulfil the obligations in respect of the 
covered bonds, derivative contracts and bankruptcy liquidity loans. 
Management of cover pool assets during liquidation or bankruptcy  
When the issuer or debtor of an intermediary loan has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the 
FIN-FSA shall, without delay, appoint a supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the 
Financial Supervisory Authority (laki Finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to supervise the appropriate 
management of covered bonds and the liquidation of the collateral of the covered bonds and to protect the 
interests of creditors of covered bonds and creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be 
heard (a supervisor). The person to be appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of financing 
and legal issues with regard to the nature and scope of the duties. 
The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the covered bonds and their 
conversion into cash as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders of the covered bonds, the 
creditors of derivative contracts relating to the covered bonds, and to other parties comparable to such. In 
addition, the supervisor shall participate in the management of covered bonds and the conversion of collateral 
into cash together with the bankruptcy administrator or liquidator. The supervisor shall cooperate with the FIN-
FSA and, where applicable, with the relevant resolution authority. 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer 
the bankruptcy estate. In liquidation proceedings, a liquidator will be appointed to administer the assets subject 
to liquidation. The cover pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator, but the supervisor 
will supervise the bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator, acting in the interest of the bondholders. Funds 
which accrue on the collateral of covered bonds after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
issuer or the debtor of an intermediary loan, which placed the collateral, shall be entered in the register. 
Pursuant to Section 42, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
issuer, the bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator, as applicable, shall upon the demand of the supervisor 
sell a sufficient amount of collateral included in the cover pool in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the 
covered bonds. Similarly, pursuant to Section 42, Subsection 2, in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
debtor of an intermediary loan a bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator, as applicable, shall upon the 
demand of the supervisor sell a sufficient amount of collateral included in the cover pool to fulfil the obligations 
relating to the intermediary loan. 
Under Section 44, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, a bankruptcy administrator and a liquidator shall, upon 
the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude derivative contracts necessary for hedging against 
risks relating to covered bonds and their collateral. Pursuant to Section 44, Subsection 2, a bankruptcy 
administrator or a liquidator shall also have a right to terminate or transfer a derivative contract to a third party 
on the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the assets placed as collateral are 
transferred or converted into cash and that this is reasonable from the perspective of risk management, as well 
as a right to transfer collateral to the counterparty to the derivative contract when the interests of the holder 
of the covered bonds demands such. In addition, pursuant to Section 44, Subsection 3, a bankruptcy 
administrator or a liquidator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to 
conclude contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or take out bankruptcy liquidity loans. A bankruptcy 
liquidity loan and its identification information shall be entered in the register. 
If the requirements for the total amount of collateral of the covered bonds cannot be fulfilled in the event of 
the bankruptcy or liquidation of the issuer or the debtor of an intermediary loan, the bankruptcy administrator 
or the liquidator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the covered bonds and related 
intermediary loans and sell the assets collateralising the covered bonds in order to pay the covered bonds.

--- Page 125 ---
124 
Extension of maturity upon the liquidation, bankruptcy, or resolution 
The liquidation, bankruptcy or resolution of an issuer does not prevent the extension of maturity of a covered 
bond, if the covered bond contains a contractual term referred to in Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act. 
Pursuant to Section 43, Subsection 2 of the Covered Bond Act, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy, a 
bankruptcy administrator and a liquidator have the right, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, to 
apply from the FIN-FSA for a permission to extend the maturity of a covered bond if the covered bond contains 
a contractual term referred to in Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act (see “Extension of maturity” above). In 
addition, such permission may also be applied in the event of an Issuer’s resolution. 
Pursuant to Section 32, Subsection 3 of the Covered Bond Act, the permission for the maturity extension must 
be applied no later than five (5) business days before the covered bond becomes due. The FIN-FSA must grant 
the permission if the conditions set out in Section 32, Subsections 1 and 2 of the Covered Bond Act are met, i.e., 
if: 
i. the contractual term of the covered bond permitting the extension of the maturity 
indicates the conditions laid down for such term in Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act 
and sets a date on which the covered bond becomes due at the latest, and 
 
ii. the issuer is unable to obtain financing from ordinary sources of long-term financing and 
cannot pay the principal and interest on the covered bond which is becoming due without 
falling below the liquidity coverage requirement regarding the issuer or an amalgamation 
to which the issuer belongs, and the extension does not affect the order of maturity based 
on the original maturity dates of covered bonds covered by the same cover pool. 
 
The permission of the FIN-FSA must indicate a new maturity date for the covered bond. Pursuant to the 
Preparatory Works, the FIN-FSA may permit the issuer to repay the covered bond also prior to the new maturity 
date set out in the permission. 
According to the Preparatory Works, if the maturity of a covered bond has already been extended with a 
permission of the FIN-FSA, the maturity of such covered bond may be extended again by applying for a new 
permission from the FIN-FSA, provided however that the new due date falls within the maturity agreed in the 
contractual terms of the covered bond and that the new extension does not affect the order of maturity based 
on the original maturity dates of covered bonds covered by the same cover pool. 
Transitional provisions regarding covered bonds issued before the entry into force of the Covered Bond Act  
Pursuant to Section 51, Subsection 1 of the Covered Bond Act, covered bonds issued before the entry into force 
of the Covered Bond Act are subject to the provisions of the MBA in force at the time of the issuance. Pursuant 
to Section 51, Subsection 3 of the Covered Bond Act, this applies also to increases of the principal amounts of 
such covered bonds, which have been issued before the entry into force of the Covered Bond Act, if: 
(a) the increase of the principal amount occurs within two years after the entry into force of the Covered Bond 
Act; 
(b) the covered bond has been assigned an ISIN code before 8 July 2022; 
(c) the covered bond becomes due before 8 July 2027; 
(d) the increases of the principal amounts occurring after the entry into force of the Covered Bond Act do not, 
on an aggregate basis, exceed an amount which is twice the value of covered bonds outstanding at the 
time of the entry into force of the Covered Bond Act; 
(e) the principal amount of the covered bond calculated at maturity does not exceed EUR 6 billion; and 
(f) the real collateral of the loan claims placed as collateral for the covered bond is located in Finland.

--- Page 126 ---
125 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER LEGISLATION RELEVANT TO THE ISSUER, ITS BUSINESS AND THE BONDS  
Bank Recovery and Resolution Regime 
EU Regulation No 806/2014 establishes uniform rules and procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the SRMR). The SRMR is directly applicable to OP Financial Group and 
the Issuer. Certain articles of the SRMR refer to the Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
or BRRD), which are applicable as transposed into Finnish law by the Act on Crisis Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms (laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta, 1194/2014, as 
amended) 
(the 
Resolution 
Act) 
and 
the 
Act 
on 
the 
Financial 
Stability 
Authority 
(laki 
rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta, 1195/2014, as amended). The SRMR and the BRRD came into force in July 2014. 
The stated aim of the SRMR is to establish uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of the 
entities that are established in the Member States whose currency is the euro or who have established a close 
co-operation with the Single Supervisory Mechanism of the EU. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide 
supervisory authorities, including the relevant resolution authority, with common tools and powers to address 
banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
The SRMR and the national law transposing the BRRD have been fully applicable since 1 January 2016. The SRMR 
and BRRD have subsequently been amended. 
The powers granted to the relevant resolution authority (the Single Resolution Board, the SRB) under the SRMR 
include the introduction of a statutory “bail-in” power, which gives the SRB the power to cancel all or a portion 
of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution and/or to 
convert certain debt claims into equity instruments of a surviving OP Financial Group entity, if any. The 
resolution authority has identified the current preferred resolution strategy for OP Financial Group according 
to which the approach is single point of entry with the point of entry at the level of OP Corporate Bank plc. 
Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool include the claims of the holders in respect of any Bonds only 
if and to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Bonds exceeded the value of the cover pool 
collateral against which payment of those amounts is secured. 
In addition to the “bail-in” power, the powers granted to the SRB under the SRMR include the power to (i) 
direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a “bridge bank” (a 
publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer the impaired or problem assets of the relevant financial institution 
to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the broader 
powers granted to the SRB under the SRMR, the SRMR provides powers to the relevant resolution authority to 
modify the terms of debt instruments (including amending the maturity date and/or any interest payment date) 
or other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of 
payments. 
The resolution tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with respect 
to the relevant financial institution could have been initiated and only upon the SRB being satisfied that the 
relevant conditions for resolution contained in the SRMR have been met. 
The SRMR contains safeguards for shareholders and creditors in respect of the application of the “bail-in” 
power which aim to ensure that they do not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant 
financial institution been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings. To the extent any resulting treatment 
of Bondholders pursuant to the exercise of the “bail-in” power is less favourable than would have been the case 
under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a Bondholder has a right to compensation under the 
Resolution Act based on an independent valuation of an institution (which is referred to as the “no creditor 
worse off” principle under the BRRD). 
Finnish Act on Amalgamations of Deposit Banks 
OP Cooperative and the credit institutions affiliated to it (see Section “Group Structure” above) constitute an 
amalgamation of deposit banks within the meaning of Article 10 of the Capital Requirements Regulation and 
the Amalgamations Act.

--- Page 127 ---
126 
According to Article 10 of the Capital Requirements Regulation and the Amalgamations Act, the Affiliated Credit 
Institutions may be exempted from individual prudential requirements, if the amalgamation meets the 
following criteria: 
a) the commitments of the central body and Affiliated Credit Institutions are joint and several liabilities 
or the commitments of its affiliated institutions are entirely guaranteed by the central body; 
b) the solvency and liquidity of the central body and of all the Affiliated Credit Institutions are monitored 
as a whole on the basis of consolidated accounts of these institutions; 
c) 
the management of the central body is empowered to issue instructions to the management of the 
Affiliated Credit Institutions. 
The Affiliated Credit Institutions of OP Amalgamation, including the Issuer, have been granted this exemption, 
as the above preconditions for the exemption are met on a statutory basis under the Amalgamation Act. 
The operationalisation of the joint and several liability within OP Amalgamation as well as the responsibilities of 
OP Cooperative as the central body to issue instructions and exercise oversight over OP Amalgamation and its 
Affiliated Credit Institutions and other entities belonging to OP Amalgamation is explained above in section 
“The roles of the central cooperative and the Affiliated Credit Institutions in OP Amalgamation” and “Mutual 
Solidarity in OP Financial Group”. 
Prudential Framework (Basel Framework) 
The Issuer is authorized as a credit institution within the meaning of the Capital Requirements Directive and 
under the prudential supervision of the Single Supervisory Mechanism by the ECB, both on a solo basis and on 
a consolidated basis at the level of OP Cooperative. In addition, OP Amalgamation as a whole is subject to 
consolidated supervision pursuant to the Amalgamations Act and OP Financial Group as a whole is subject to 
the supplementary supervision pursuant to the Financial Conglomerate Directive.  
OP Amalgamation is on a consolidated basis subject to prudential regulation based on the Guidelines issued by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee), which have been implemented in the EU 
by the Capital Requirements Regulation and the Capital Requirements Directive. 
The prudential framework set out in the Capital Requirements Regulation includes the level of application of 
prudential requirements (solo/consolidated), definition of own funds, the definition of eligible liabilities for the 
purpose of determining the minimum requirement of eligible liabilities (MREL) for the purpose of applying the 
bail-in tool in resolution, minimum capital requirements, limits on large exposures, regulation on securitization, 
liquidity requirements, leverage ratio and disclosure requirements. The minimum capital requirements are 
supplemented by the additional capital requirements laid down in the Capital Requirements Directive, including 
the capital conservation buffer, countercyclical buffer, buffers for systemically important institutions (G-SII and 
O-SII buffers) and the systemic risk buffer. 
The latest amendments to the prudential framework, introduced in 2019 and, for most part, entering into force 
in June 2021, include binding ratios for short term liquidity (liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)), long term liquidity 
(net stable funding ratio (NSFR)) and leverage as well as adjustments to the additional capital buffers, notably 
the requirement to apply the G-SII or O-SII buffer and the systemic risk buffer on a cumulative basis instead of 
applying only the more stringent buffer requirement. The amendments also include the definition of MREL 
eligible liabilities and the obligation to issue non-preferred senior instruments to meet the MREL requirement. 
While the prudential regulation set out in the Capital Requirements Directive and Capital Requirements 
Regulation, including their implementing measures, is fully applied on the consolidated basis at the level of OP 
Amalgamation, the Issuer has been exempted from the individual liquidity, leverage and to some extent other 
prudential requirements by a waiver granted to OP Amalgamation pursuant to Article 10 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation.  
Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework 
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue 
of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU 
(the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds 
(the Covered Bond Regulation) has applied since 8 July 2022. The Covered Bond Directive replaced the current

--- Page 128 ---
127 
Article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive and established a revised common baseline for the issue of covered bonds 
for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that Member States may choose to exercise when 
implementing the new directive through national laws). The Covered Bond Regulation amended Article 129 of 
the Capital Requirements Regulation (and certain related provisions) and further strengthened the criteria for 
covered bonds that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the Capital Requirements Regulation 
regime.  
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista 
joukkolainoista 151/2022, as amended) (the Covered Bond Act) implementing the Covered Bond Directive was 
approved for ratification on 11 March 2022 and entered into force on 8 July 2022. The Covered Bond Act replaced 
and repealed the Finnish Covered Bond Act (laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the 
MBA), however, so that the MBA continues to apply to covered bonds issued thereunder unless the terms and 
conditions of such covered bonds provide (including, as the case may be, through any amendment to this effect) 
that the Covered Bond Act applies to them. See also “Description of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks 
and Covered Bonds”. 
The Covered Bond Act also introduced a requirement for a national permission for mortgage credit bank 
operations granted by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanssivalvonta) (FIN-FSA) in addition to any 
credit institution license granted by the ECB. The Issuer’s permission took effect on 8 July 2022.  
The FIN-FSA supervises mortgage credit bank operations under the Covered Bond Act and has been granted an 
authority under the Covered Bond Act to issue further regulations on, inter alia, procedures for assessing the 
quality collateral, derivatives relating to the Bonds, calculation of the liquidity buffer requirement, and 
disclosure obligations relating to covered bonds. The FIN-FSA has published a draft of regulations concerning 
reporting and calculation of the liquidity buffer requirement, and the final regulations are expected to enter 
into force on 30 June 2023. However, otherwise, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FIN-FSA has issued 
no such regulations

--- Page 129 ---
128 
DERIVATIVE CONTRACTS 
Permitted Derivative Contracts 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Contracts in order to hedge against risks 
relating to the Bonds or Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as a collateral for such Bonds. These 
Derivative Contracts shall be entered into the Register and marked for the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool. The 
collateral of the Derivative Contracts which are included in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool must be 
identifiable. In addition, the level of derivative hedges shall be regularly revised in relation to the amount of risk 
hedged and the derivative shall be abandoned after the hedged risk ceases to exist. The Derivative Contracts 
and the related counterparty risk shall also fulfil the conditions set out in Article 129 of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation. The Issuer may enter into one or more derivative contracts to hedge against risks relating to other 
assets of the Issuer but such derivative contracts are not entered into the Register and marked for the Covered 
Bond Cover Asset Pool. 
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure 
arising as a result of Mortgage Loans carrying floating rates of interest and the Fixed Rate Bonds creating a fixed 
rate payment obligation for the Issuer and may also enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions for 
general risk management purposes to hedge interest payments received in relation to Mortgage Loans carrying 
a fixed rate of interest. The Issuer may also enter into one or more currency swap transactions in order to hedge 
against foreign exchange exposure arising as a result of payments in respect of the Mortgage Loans being 
received by the Issuer in one currency (Currency A) and the Bonds creating a payment obligation in another 
currency (Currency B). 
Documentation 
The Covered Bond Act requires that derivative contracts shall be kept in writing or in other permanent means. 
The Issuer currently anticipates that each Derivative Contract entered into between the Issuer and a swap 
counterparty will be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and is 
subject to an agreement between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of a 1992 ISDA Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) or an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) (each 
such agreement a Swap Agreement) and that the terms of each such Swap Agreement will contain among other 
things terms to the effect set out in this section, but there can be no assurance that all swap counterparties will 
agree to such terms and they may require certain amendments to be made.  
Termination  
All outstanding Derivative Contracts will be terminable by a party if an Event of Default (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement) occurs in respect of the other party. or all or a group of Derivative Contracts will be 
terminable by one or both of the parties if a Termination Event occurs (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement).  
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Contracts, the Issuer or the relevant swap counterparty 
may be liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the value of the terminated Derivative Contract(s). 
Ratings Requirements 
Moody’s Rating Trigger Requirements 
It shall be an additional termination event under any Swap Agreement if (A) the Transfer Trigger Requirements 
apply and 30 or more local business days have elapsed since the last time the Transfer Trigger Requirements did 
not apply and (B) at least one Eligible Replacement has made a firm offer that would, assuming the occurrence 
of an early termination date, remain capable of becoming legally binding upon acceptance.  
So long as the Transfer Trigger Requirements apply, the relevant swap counterparty will at its own cost use 
commercially reasonable efforts to, as soon as reasonably practicable, procure either (A) a guarantee which 
meets the requirements of Moody’s swap criteria in respect of all of its present and future obligations under

--- Page 130 ---
129 
the relevant Swap Agreement by a guarantor with the Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating or (B) a transfer to an 
Eligible Replacement. 
An event of default will occur under the relevant Swap Agreement with respect to the relevant swap 
counterparty if on any valuation date in accordance with associated credit support annex, the Collateral Trigger 
Requirements apply and at least 30 local business days have elapsed since the last time the Collateral Trigger 
Requirements did not apply, and the relevant swap counterparty fails to post sufficient collateral to satisfy its 
obligations under the associated credit support annex and such failure is not remedied on or before the third 
local business day after notice of such failure is given to the relevant swap counterparty. 
For the purpose of the Moody’s rating trigger requirements: 
The “Collateral Trigger Requirements” shall apply so long as no Relevant Entity has the Qualifying Collateral 
Trigger Rating. An entity shall have the “Qualifying Collateral Trigger Event” where such entity’s long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt or counterparty obligations are rated “A1” or above by Moody’s. 
“Eligible Replacement” means an entity that could lawfully perform the obligations owing to the Issuer under 
the relevant Swap Agreement or its replacement (as applicable) and (A) has a Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating 
or (B) whose present and future obligations owing to the Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement are 
guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee which is eligible under Moody’s swap criteria provided by a guarantor with 
a Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating. 
“Relevant Entities” means the relevant swap counterparty and any guarantor under a guarantee which is 
eligible under Moody’s swap criteria in respect of all of the relevant swap counterparty’s present and future 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
The “Transfer Trigger Requirements” shall apply if no Relevant Entity has a Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating. 
An entity shall have the “Qualifying Transfer Trigger Rating” where such entity’s long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt or counterparty obligations are rated “A3” or above by Moody’s. 
S&P Downgrade Requirements 
If (A) the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the relevant swap counterparty (or its 
guarantor if applicable) cease to be rated at least as high as “A” or, if the short-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations which are rated by S&P, cease to be rated at least as high as “A-1” or (B) if the 
relevant swap counterparty does not have an S&P short term rating, if its long-term, or unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations cease to be rated at least as high as “A+” (the S&P Required Rating 1) by S&P 
(an S&P Rating Event 1), then: 
(1) 
within 10 local business days of the occurrence of such S&P Rating Event 1, the relevant swap 
counterparty will, at its own cost, provide collateral in the form of cash or securities or both in support 
of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the credit 
support annex entered into between the Issuer and that swap counterparty in relation to the Swap 
Agreement between them. 
If the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the relevant swap counterparty (or its 
guarantor if applicable) cease to be rated at least as high as “BBB+” (or such higher rating as is specified in the 
relevant Swap Agreement) (the S&P Required Rating 2) by S&P (an S&P Rating Event 2), then: 
(2) 
the relevant swap counterparty shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, within 60 calendar 
days (or in certain circumstances, 30 calendar days) following the occurrence of such S&P Rating Event 
2, at its own cost, one of the following actions: 
(I) 
transfer all of its rights and obligations with respect to the relevant Swap Agreement to  
(d) 
a replacement third party whose long-term and short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least as high as the S&P Required Rating 1 
by S&P, or to  
(e) 
a replacement third party whose long-term and short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least as high as the S&P Required Rating 
2 by S&P, and who provides collateral in accordance with (1) above;

--- Page 131 ---
130 
(II) 
obtain a co-obligation or guarantee of its rights and obligations with respect to the relevant Swap 
Agreement from a guarantor who meets S&P’s criteria and whose long-term and/or short-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least as high as the S&P Required 
Rating 2 (provided that if the guarantor or co-obligor does not have the S&P Required Rating 1, 
that it provides collateral in accordance with (1) above); or 
(III) 
take such other action that S&P has confirmed will result in the rating of the Covered Bonds 
following the taking of such action being maintained at, or restored to, the level it would have 
been at immediately prior to such S&P Rating Event, provided that, in all cases, such action does 
not result in any requirement for deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax. 
If, at the time a S&P Rating Event 1 occurs, the relevant swap counterparty does not post collateral in the manner 
described in (1) above pending taking any of the measures described in (2) above, such failure shall constitute 
an additional termination event with respect to the relevant swap counterparty which shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the local business day after the tenth business day following the S&P Rating Event. Further, it shall 
constitute an additional termination event if S&P Rating Event 2 occurs and the relevant swap counterparty 
does not take any of the measures described in (2) above. Such additional termination event will be deemed to 
have occurred on the local business day after the sixtieth calendar day following the S&P Rating Event. 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer 
Under Section 26, Subsection 2 of the Covered Bond Act, the Derivative Contracts shall, under their terms, 
remain in force notwithstanding the Issuer’s bankruptcy, liquidation, or resolution. Also, under Section 39 of 
the Covered Bond Act, in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Bonds and Derivative Contracts shall not be 
deemed to have become due within the meaning of Chapter 3, Section 9 of the Bankruptcy Act (konkurssilaki 
120/2004, as amended). As regards liquidation and resolution, the Finnish legislation does not contain a 
provision pursuant to which a derivative contract would become due on grounds of the commencement of 
liquidation or resolution proceedings against the issuer. 
Bondholders, swap counterparties to Derivative Contracts and creditors of Management Costs as well as 
providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans (ranking behind such other secured creditors) are given a statutory 
priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer under Sections 20 and 44 of the Covered Bond Act and are 
entitled to a payment from the collateral included in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool before other creditors 
of the Issuer and, where relevant, a borrower of an Intermediary Loan. Accordingly, notwithstanding that the 
Issuer has been placed into liquidation or declared bankrupt, the Bondholders, swap counterparties to 
Derivative Contracts and creditors of Management Costs, each ranking pari passu in relation to each other, and 
providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans (ranking behind such other secured creditors) have the statutory right 
to receive payment for the entire loan period of the Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bonds from the 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool before all other claims. The priority of payment right of the covered 
Bondholders applies to all collateral included in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool.  
The funds accruing from the collateral included in the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool after the commencement 
of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings regarding the credit institution which placed the cover pool (the 
Issuer or a borrower of an Intermediary Loan, as applicable) are, under the Covered Bond Act, separated from 
the other assets of the credit institution which placed the collateral and entered into the Register and marked 
for the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool as collateral until the holders of Bonds and other creditors benefitting 
from the statutory security and ranking pari passu with the Bondholders under the Covered Bond Act are repaid 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bonds. Similarly, funds accrued to the Issuer on the basis of 
Derivative Contracts after the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings regarding the 
Issuer must be separated from the other assets of the credit institution which placed the collateral entered into 
the Register, thereby constituting part of the Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool.

--- Page 132 ---
131 
TAXATION  
Finnish Taxation  
The comments below are of a general nature and based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and practice 
in Finland. They relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Bonds and 
Coupons. The summary herein is not exhaustive and does not address all potential aspects of Finnish taxation that 
may be relevant for a potential investor in the Bonds. They may not apply to certain classes of person such as 
dealers. Prospective holders of the Bonds who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be 
subject to tax in any other jurisdiction should consult their professional advisers. It should be noted that the tax 
laws of Finland may be amended with retroactive effect. 
General 
The scope of taxation in Finland is defined by the tax liability position of a taxpayer. Finnish residents for taxation 
purposes are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Persons that are not resident in Finland, 
for taxation purposes, and are not deemed to have a permanent establishment in Finland, for Finnish tax 
purposes, are subject to taxation in Finland solely in respect of their Finnish sources of income. 
Generally, an individual is deemed to be a Finnish resident for taxation purposes if the individual continuously 
stays in Finland for more than six consecutive months or if the permanent home and abode of the individual is 
in Finland. A citizen of Finland who has moved abroad is regarded as resident for Finnish taxation purposes until 
three years have passed after the end of the year of emigration, even if the individual would not stay in Finland 
for six consecutive months and the permanent home and abode would not be located in Finland, if the individual 
cannot prove that they have not had any essential ties to Finland in the tax year in question. 
Legal entities established under the laws of Finland are regarded as residents of Finland in accordance with 
domestic tax law. In addition, as of 2021, foreign entities with their place of effective management in Finland 
can be deemed as Finnish tax resident corporations. 
Taxation of Finnish residents 
Holders of Bonds and Coupons who are resident in Finland for tax purposes will be subject to Finnish tax on 
interest payments (including deemed interest for tax purposes through a discounted issue price) under the 
Bonds and Coupons and on gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Bonds and Coupons. 
Taxation of Non-Finnish residents 
Holders of Bonds and Coupons who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade 
or business through a permanent establishment in Finland will not be subject to Finnish taxes on payments in 
respect of the Bonds and the Coupons or gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Bonds and Coupons. 
The payer is obliged to ascertain that the recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes. The recipient is 
obliged to disclose his non-resident investor status to the payer. If a recipient fails to provide such information, 
the Issuer will be entitled to withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in respect of the Bonds, if it is required 
to do so under Finnish law and the Issuer will not be required to pay the recipient any additional amounts. 
Reporting Requirements 
Under Finnish law, the Issuer is obliged to report any interest payments under the Bonds and Coupons to the 
Finnish tax authorities. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission Proposal) for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it 
will not participate. 
The Commission Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Bonds 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.

--- Page 133 ---
132 
Under the Commission Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Bonds where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), commonly 
known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs 
to instruments such as the Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Bonds, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. 
Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Additionally, Bonds that are characterized as debt (or which have a fixed term and are not 
otherwise characterized as equity) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional bonds (as described under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Bonds — Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Bonds are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Bonds, including the Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on the Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding.

--- Page 134 ---
133 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (the Programme Agreement) dated 11 
October 2022 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Bonds. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Bonds” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of Bonds 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Bonds under any such 
agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be 
released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Bonds. 
United States 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Bonds (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the 
relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Bonds 
of the Tranche of which such Bonds are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that at or prior to confirmation of sale of Bonds, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Bonds from it during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Bonds, an offer or sale of such Bonds 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Bonds which are the subject of an offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 135 ---
134 
provided that no such offer of Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision only, the expression an “offer of Bonds to the public” in relation to any Bonds 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Bonds. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Bonds specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Bonds. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Bonds specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed in accordance with 
the terms of the Prospectus Regulation public offer selling restriction. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Bonds specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Bonds, which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Bonds.

--- Page 136 ---
135 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Bonds specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed continue with 
existing Prospectus Regulation public offer selling restriction. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the UK 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Bonds other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Bonds in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Finland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer or an advertisement of securities to the public in the 
Republic of Finland. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell in Finland 
any Bonds under circumstances which would constitute a public offer of securities under Finnish law, including 
the Prospectus Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129) and the Finnish Securities Market Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 
746/2012, as amended) and any regulation issued thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by or notified to the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
Notwithstanding the above, each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that Bonds may not be offered or sold to individuals or 
estates of deceased individuals that are resident in Finland for taxation purposes. 
Japan 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant applicable laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Bonds has not been and will not be registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Bonds may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Bonds be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 137 ---
136 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Bonds, nor distribute copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Bonds in the 
Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, 
letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (Regulation No. 11971), all as amended 
from time to time; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
100 of the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Bonds or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (the Italian Banking Act), all as 
amended from time to time; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Bonds in this offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of 
the Bonds it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
This Base Prospectus and the information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipient and are 
not to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located 
in Italy other than the original recipients of this document may rely on it or its contents.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, that no document (including the Base Prospectus) has been registered, or will 
be registered, as a prospectus with the MAS, and the Bonds will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the 
Securities and Futures Act, 2001 of Singapore (the SFA). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that the Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase nor may the Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale 
or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Bonds be circulated or distributed, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person that is: 
(a) 
a corporation (that is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) whose sole 
purpose is to hold investments, and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor,  
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust will not be transferable for six months after that corporation or that trust 
has acquired the Bonds pursuant to an offer under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 138 ---
137 
(i) 
to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) and Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; (iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivative Contracts) Regulations 2018 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that the Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 139 ---
138 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and subsequent update of the Programme and the issue of Bonds have been duly authorised 
by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 6 May 2010. The Board of Directors of the Issuer has 
also approved the application by the Issuer for Bonds to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market on 1 November 2017.  
Listing of Bonds 
It is expected that each Tranche of Bonds which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global 
Bond or Bonds initially representing the Bonds of such Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for such Bonds to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated 
market. The listing of the Programme in respect of Bonds was granted on 11 October 2022.  
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg 
in physical form and on the website of the Issuer at https://www.op.fi/op-financial-group/debt-investors/op-as-
an-investment  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the non-consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (with an English translation thereof), in each case together with 
the audit reports prepared in connection therewith, and the non-consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (with an English translation thereof); 
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (in each case with an English 
translation thereof), in each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection 
therewith; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Bonds, the Bonds in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(f) 
the Green Covered Bond Framework and the Green Covered Bond Reports; and 
(g) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) (save that a Final Terms 
relating to a Bond or a Pricing Supplement relating to an Exempt Bond which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will not be available on the Issuer’s website 
and will only be available for inspection in physical form, as described above, by a holder of such Bond 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding 
of Bonds and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein 
by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and each Final Terms 
relating to Bonds which are either listed on Euronext Dublin or offered to the public in Ireland will be available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Regulatory 
News 
Service 
operated 
by 
Euronext 
Dublin, 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/25042/documents.

--- Page 140 ---
139 
Clearing Systems 
The Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bonds 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement). If the Bonds are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or OP 
Financial Group since 30 June 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or OP Financial Group since 31 December 2021.  
Litigation 
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) involving the Issuer or any other 
member of OP Financial Group in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have 
had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or OP Financial 
Group. 
Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited of Ten Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland. Arthur 
Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to Bonds 
issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Bonds issued under the Programme to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Oy Ab, authorised public accountants and a member of the Finnish Institute 
of Authorised Public Accountants (KHT), who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without qualification, in 
accordance with Finnish standards on auditing for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Bond.

--- Page 141 ---
140 
Dealers Transacting with The Issuer 
As further described in the section entitled “Description of OP Financial Group and the Loan Originators” above, 
OP Corporate Bank plc is in the same group of companies as the Issuer and acts as Dealer on this Programme.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deals, or make 
markets in the Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Bonds issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
English translations  
All English translations in this Base Prospectus are accurate, complete and are a direct translation from the 
Finnish language.

--- Page 142 ---
141 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Accrual Period 
The period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date; 
Affiliated Credit Institutions 
Credit institution subsidiaries of OP Cooperative (OP Corporate 
Bank plc, OP Retail Customers plc (formerly OP Card Company 
Plc) and the Issuer) and the Member Cooperative Banks, which 
together with OP Cooperative constitute an amalgamation of 
deposit banks within the meaning of the Amalgamations Act;  
Agency Agreement 
The Agency Agreement dated 11 October 2022, made between 
the Issuer, the Agent and the other Paying Agents (as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time); 
Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon as issuing and principal paying 
agent and calculation agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent; 
Amalgamations Act 
The Finnish Act on Amalgamations of Deposit Banks (laki 
talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended); 
Applicable Final Terms 
In relation to any particular Tranche of Bonds, the Final Terms 
applicable to that Tranche; 
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
In relation to any particular Tranche of Exempt Bonds, the 
Pricing Supplement applicable to that Tranche; 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan 
A contractual arrangement made by the bankruptcy 
administrator of the Issuer to secure liquidity or take out 
liquidity credit in accordance with Section 44 of the Covered 
Bond Act; 
Bonds 
European covered bonds (premium) (Eurooppalainen katettu 
joukkolaina (premium)) issued under the Programme from 8 
July 2022, including the Exempt Bonds; 
Bondholders 
In relation to any Bonds shall mean the holders of the Bonds; 
Bond Maturity Date 
If a Bond is redeemed after the Maturity Date pursuant to 
Condition 5.2, the date on which such Bond is redeemed in full; 
BRRD 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU;

--- Page 143 ---
142 
Business Day 
A day which is both: 
(a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement); and 
(b) either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified 
Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
 
 
Capital Requirements Directive 
The Directive 2013/36/EU; 
Capital Requirements Regulation 
The Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; 
Central Bank of Ireland 
Competent authority of the Republic of Ireland for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulations; 
Central cooperative 
OP Osuuskunta; 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme; 
COBS 
The FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; 
Commercial Loan 
A loan which is secured by Commercial Property; 
Commercial Property 
In relation to a Commercial Loan, (i) mortgageable property for 
commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 
1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 
540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares of a housing company or a 
mutual real estate company within the meaning of Chapter 28, 
Section 2 of the Act on Housing Companies (asunto-
osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) entitling to occupancy 
of the commercial or office premises; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in 
another State belonging to the EEA; 
Common Depositary 
A common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; 
Common Safekeeper 
A common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; 
Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Bonds; 
Cooperative Bank Act 
The Finnish Act on Cooperative Banks and Other Credit 
Institutions in the Form of a Cooperative (laki osuuspankeista ja 
muista osuuskuntamuotoisista luottolaitoksista 423/2013, as 
amended);

--- Page 144 ---
143 
Couponholders 
The holders of the Coupons and, unless the context otherwise 
requires, the holders of the Talons; 
Coupons 
Interest coupons attached on issue to interest bearing 
definitive Bonds; 
Cover Asset Pool 
 
The Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Supplementary 
Collateral entered into the Register as statutory security for 
covered bonds under the Covered Bond Act; 
Covered Bond Act  
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks and Covered Bonds 
(laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 
151/2022, as amended); 
Covered Bond Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Supplementary 
Collateral (and funds used to cover the liquidity buffer 
requirement under Section 31 of the Covered Bond Act as well 
as claims based on insurance and derivatives contracts in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Act) entered into the 
Register as statutory security for the Bonds;  
Currency Swap Agreements 
Swap Agreements relating to Currency Swap Transactions; 
Currency Swap Transactions 
The currency swap transactions which the Issuer may enter into 
in order to hedge against foreign exchange exposure; 
Day Count Fraction 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3.1 or 
Condition 3.2, as applicable; 
Dealers 
The Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer; 
Deed of Covenant 
The deed of covenant dated 11 October 2022 and executed by 
the Issuer; 
Derivative Contracts 
Derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer in order to 
hedge against risks relating to the Bonds, Intermediary Loans or 
Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for 
the Bonds; 
Determination Period 
Each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where 
either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and 
ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
Early Redemption Amount 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.6; 
EEA 
European Economic Area; 
Eligible Assets 
Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans or Supplementary 
Collateral; 
EURIBOR 
The Euro-zone interbank offered rate; 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV;

--- Page 145 ---
144 
Euronext Dublin 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin; 
EUWA 
The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
Exchange Date 
The date which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Bond is 
issued; 
Exchange Event 
The Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available; 
Exchange Notice 
A notice given by the Issuer to the effect that replacement 
euro-denominated Bonds and Coupons are available for 
exchange; 
Exempt Bonds 
Bonds issued under this Programme for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation; 
Extended Interest Payment Date 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3.3; 
Extended Interest Period 
The period from and including an Extended Interest Payment 
Date (or, in respect of the first such period, the Maturity Date) 
to but excluding the next following Extended Interest Payment 
Date; 
Extended Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Bonds on each Extended 
Interest Payment Date; 
FIEA 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan; 
FIN-FSA 
The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanssivalvonta); 
Final Extended Maturity Date 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.2; 
Final Terms 
A final terms supplement containing, inter alia, notice of the 
aggregate nominal amount of Bonds, interest (if any) payable in 
respect of Bonds, the issue price of Bonds and any other terms 
and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to 
each Tranche of Bonds; 
Fixed Interest Period 
The period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date; 
Framework Agreement  
The framework agreements made between the Issuer and the 
relevant Originators relating to, inter alia, certain obligations 
and requirements concerning Mortgage Loans and/or Public 
Sector Loans and the purchase of the Mortgage Loans and/or 
the Public-Sector Loans by the Issuer; 
Global Bond 
A Temporary Global Bond or a Permanent Global Bond; 
Holders 
Bondholders; 
Housing Loan 
A loan which is secured by Residential Property;

--- Page 146 ---
145 
Insurance Distribution Directive 
Insurance Distribution Directive (EU) 2016/97;  
Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Bonds in 
respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period; 
Interest Payment Date 
(i) Each date which is specified as a Specified Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or (ii) if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), each date which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
Swap Agreements relating to Interest Rate Swap Transactions; 
Interest Rate Swap Transaction 
The interest rate swap transactions which the Issuer may enter 
into in order to hedge against interest rate exposure; 
Intermediary Loan 
A loan granted by the Issuer to a Member Cooperative Bank 
pursuant to the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the 
Covered Bond Act; 
ISDA 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
ISDA Definitions 
The 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Bonds; 
Issuer 
OP-Asuntoluottopankki Oyj (the English translation of which is 
OP Mortgage Bank); 
LIBOR 
The London interbank offered rate; 
Long Maturity Bond 
A Fixed Rate Bond (other than a Fixed Rate Bond which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that 
such Bond shall cease to be a Long Maturity Bond on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the 
nominal amount of such Bond; 
Maturity 
The legal maturity of any Outstanding Bonds, Mortgage Loans, 
Public-Sector Loans or Supplementary Collateral, as applicable; 
MBA 
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Banks (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended); 
MBA Bond Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Supplementary 
Collateral entered into the Register as statutory security for the 
MBA Bonds;

--- Page 147 ---
146 
MBA Bonds 
The bonds issued under this Programme prior to 8 July 2022 
pursuant to the MBA; 
Management Costs  
Expected costs related to maintenance and administration for 
the winding-down of the Programme, as contemplated under 
Article 15(d)(2) of the Covered Bond Directive (as implemented 
in the Covered Bond Act); 
Member Cooperative Banks 
The local or regional cooperative banks being members of OP 
Cooperative; 
Member State 
A member state of the European Union; 
Monthly Extended Maturity Date 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.2; 
MiFID II Directive or MiFID II 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU; 
Moody’s 
Moody’s France SAS; 
Mortgage Loans 
Housing Loans and Commercial Loans; 
NGN 
new global note; 
NIBOR 
The Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
Official List 
The official list of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin; 
OP Amalgamation 
Part of OP Financial Group constituting an amalgamation of 
deposit banks within the meaning of the Amalgamations Act 
and Article 10 of the Capital Requirements Regulation and 
comprising: 
(a) OP Cooperative as the central body; 
(b) OP Corporate Bank plc as central bank of OP Financial 
Group; 
(c) other subsidiary Affiliated Credit Institutions of OP Co-
operative, including the Issuer and OP Retail Services Ltd 
(formerly OP Card Company plc); 
(d) Member Cooperative Banks; 
(e) other subsidiaries of OP Cooperative or the Affiliated Credit 
Institutions, which are financial institutions or ancillary 
services undertakings within the meaning of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation; 
potential other credit and financial institutions and service 
companies in which one or more of the above-mentioned 
entities alone or jointly hold a total of more than half of the 
total votes; 
OP Cooperative 
OP Cooperative, OP Financial Group’s central body (in Finnish 
OP Osuuskunta), formerly known as OP-Pohjola Group Central 
Cooperative;

--- Page 148 ---
147 
OP Cooperative Consolidated 
OP Financial Group’s sub-consolidation group comprising of OP 
Cooperative as the parent undertaking and OP Cooperative’s 
subsidiaries which are financial institutions or ancillary services 
undertakings within the meaning of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation; 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
OP Corporate Bank plc, formerly known as Pohjola Bank plc; 
OP Financial Group 
Formerly known as OP-Pohjola Group, OP Financial Group 
consists of OP Cooperative as the OP Financial Group’s central 
body and its financial and non-financial subsidiaries and the 
Member Cooperative Banks; 
Origination Criteria 
The criteria for the content of the Cover Asset Pool outlining 
what type of loans may and may not be included in the Cover 
Asset Pool and with which the Originators are required to 
comply by virtue of the Framework Agreements and 
Intermediary Loan Agreements; 
Originators 
The Member Cooperative Banks who originated the Mortgage 
Loans and/or Public-Sector Loans, and from whom the Issuer 
has either purchased the Mortgage Loans and/or Public-Sector 
Loans or who have provided such Mortgage Loans and/or 
Public-Sector Loans as security in relation to Intermediary 
Loans; 
Outstanding 
Has the meaning given to such term in the Agency Agreement; 
Outstanding Bonds 
Each outstanding series of Bonds issued by the Issuer and 
entered into the Register in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Act; 
Paying Agents 
The Agent and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch, as paying agents under the Agency 
Agreement, which expression shall include any successor 
paying agent; 
Payment Day 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.5; 
Permanent Global Bond 
A permanent global bond by which a Tranche of Bonds may be 
represented; 
Pohjola Insurance 
Pohjola Insurance Ltd, formerly known as OP Insurance Ltd., a 
subsidiary of OP Corporate Bank plc and formerly part of 
Pohjola Group plc; 
Pricing Supplement 
In the case of Exempt Bonds, a pricing supplement containing, 
inter alia, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Bonds, 
interest (if any) payable in respect of Bonds, the issue price of 
Bonds and any other terms and conditions not contained herein 
which are applicable to each Tranche of Exempt Bonds; 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products 
Regulation (EU) 1286/2014; 
Proceedings 
Any suit, action or proceedings;

--- Page 149 ---
148 
Programme 
The €25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Bond 
(Premium) Programme established by the Issuer and as 
described in this Base Prospectus; 
Programme Agreement 
The Programme Agreement originally dated 8 November 2010 
and amended and restated from time to time, made between 
the Issuer and the Dealers (as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time); 
Property 
Residential Property and/or Commercial Property; 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended; 
 
 
Public-Sector Loan 
A loan which has been granted to a state, a municipality, a 
central bank, or other public-sector entity meeting the 
requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs 
(a) or (b) of the Capital Requirements Regulation and a loan 
which is fully collateralised by a guarantee as for own debt of 
such public-sector entity; 
Put Notice 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.5; 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Bonds determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement); 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s and/or S&P, including in each case their respective 
successors and/or any other rating agency, as the case may be; 
Redeemed Bonds 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.4; 
Reference Banks 
Means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market and, in the case of a Reference Rate that is not 
EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of 
four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Reference Banks 
Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Banks Agent 
Means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or 
stockbroker appointed by the Issuer; 
Register 
The register of covered bonds and their collateral which the 
Issuer is required to maintain pursuant to Chapter 5 of the 
Covered Bond Act; 
Relevant Date 
The date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly 
received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 11;

--- Page 150 ---
149 
Relevant Dealer 
In the case of an issue of Bonds being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing 
to subscribe such Bonds; 
Residential Property 
In relation to a Mortgage Loan, (i) mortgageable property for 
primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 
1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code; or (ii) shares 
in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the 
Finnish Act on Housing Companies or shares, participations and 
rights of occupancy comparable thereto; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in 
another State belonging to the EEA; 
Retained Bond Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans and Supplementary Collateral entered into 
the Register as statutory security for the Retained Programme 
Bonds; 
Retained Bond Programme 
The €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Retained Covered 
Bond Programme established by the Issuer; 
Retained Programme Bonds 
The bonds issued under the Retained Bond Programme; 
S&P 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
Securities Act 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
Selection Date 
Has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5.4; 
Series 
A Tranche of Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices; 
Servicer 
Each Originator, in its capacity as servicer under the Framework 
Agreements; 
SRMR 
The Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (EU) No 806/2014; 
STIBOR 
The Stockholm interbank offered rate;  
Sub-unit 
With respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent; 
Supplementary Collateral 
The following assets which fulfil the requirements laid down in 
Article 129 of the Capital Requirements Regulation: 
(a) level 1, 2A or 2B funds eligible to fulfil the liquidity coverage 
requirement of a credit institution based on a delegated 
regulation adopted on the basis of Article 460 of Capital 
Requirements Regulation; and 
(b) short-term exposures to credit institutions or short-term 
deposits within the meaning of Article 129, Paragraph 1, 
Subparagraph c of Capital Requirements Regulation.

--- Page 151 ---
150 
Assets, the counterparty of which shall be deemed to be 
insolvent within the meaning of Article 178 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation, or which are financial instruments 
issued by the issuer itself or by an entity affiliated to it, shall not 
be used as supplementary collateral; 
Swap Agreement 
A 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) 
or a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross 
Border), each as published by ISDA; 
Swap Transactions 
The Currency Swap Transactions and the Interest Rate Swap 
Transactions; 
Talons 
Talons for further Coupons; 
TARGET2 System 
The Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System; 
Tax Jurisdiction 
Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; 
Temporary Global Bond 
A temporary global bond by which a Tranche of Bonds may 
initially be represented; 
Tranche 
Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading); 
UK MiFIR 
Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA; 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
The FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook; 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
The PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; 
UK Prospectus Regulation 
The Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
The FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook;

--- Page 152 ---
151 
ISSUER 
OP Mortgage Bank
Gebhardinaukio 1 
Fl-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugéne Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 20 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 153 ---
152 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Oy Ab
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94  
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands  
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
ARRANGER
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany