--- Page 1 ---
1
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") within the meaning of Article 8 (1) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation") relating to issues of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2 (c) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus expires on 22 August 2024. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Base Prospectus dated 22 August 2023 
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A. 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg with its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de commerce et 
des sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B 199463, which is subject to the Luxembourg act on 
securitisations of 22 March 2004 (as amended) 
(the "Company") 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
for 
SECURED GOLD TRACKER NOTES 
(the "Programme") 
Under this Base Prospectus, Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. (the "Company" and, acting in respect of 
one of its compartments, the "Issuer") may from time-to-time issue notes (the "Notes"). Notes will be issued in 
one or more separate series (each a "Series") either represented by a permanent global bearer note or in the 
form of crypto securities. The Company and the Issuer are subject to the Luxembourg act on securitisations of 
22 March 2004 (Loi du 22 mars 2004 relative à la titrisation) (as amended) (the "Securitisation Act") and the 
Luxembourg act of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies (Loi concernant les sociétés commerciales) (as 
amended) (the "Companies Act 1915"). The conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") will comprise the terms 
and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") set out in this Base Prospectus, which will be 
completed by the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). The Notes will be represented by a global bearer 
certificate and will comprise any Notes issued by the Issuer on the same terms and conditions. Investors must 
refer to the relevant Final Terms for each issue of Notes as well as to this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus succeeds the base prospectus for secured gold tracker notes dated 23 August 2022. 
Pursuant to the Securitisation Act, the Company’s assets and liabilities may be divided into compartments, 
each compartment corresponding to a distinct part of its assets and liabilities (the "Compartments"). The Issuer 
will use the proceeds of the issuance of the Series of Notes to acquire gold as specified in the Final Terms (the 
"Underlying"). The Issuer's assets and liabilities in respect of any one Series of Notes will be allocated to the 
Compartment as specified in the Final Terms and will be segregated from the Company’s other assets (if any) 
and liabilities and from the assets and liabilities allocated to all other Compartments. The Notes will be secured 
by the security interests created over the Issuer’s assets towards Chartered Investment Germany GmbH, acting 
as trustee, as security for the benefit of the holder of Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
2
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), the 
Luxembourg financial sector and stock exchange regulator, in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Luxembourg act of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (Loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs 
mobilières) (as amended, the "Prospectus Act") to approve this Base Prospectus. The CSSF only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF will assume no responsibility as to the 
economic and financial soundness of any Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus or as to the quality 
or solvency of the Issuer in line with Article 6 paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Act. The Notes may be introduced 
in the regulated market or open market (Freiverkehr) of a German stock exchange, on the regulated market of 
the SIX Swiss Exchange (as Exchange Traded Products) or a comparable market segment of any other 
European stock exchange, or it may be decided not to have them listed on a stock exchange. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in Germany, Liechtenstein, Spain, 
Sweden, Portugal, Austria and Denmark with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the gold price fixing, which constitutes a 
benchmark pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the European Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). Such gold price fixing is provided by ICE Benchmark 
Administration ("IBA"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, IBA is authorised as a benchmark administrator 
in the United Kingdom under the UK Benchmarks Regulation but does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") (the "Register"). 
The Notes are not and, in the future, will not be registered in accordance with the provisions of the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and are subject to certain requirements under U.S. tax law. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, or as otherwise provided in this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final 
Terms, capitalised words and expressions will have the meaning given to them under the heading "Securities 
law, Definitions" in section 6 "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".

--- Page 3 ---
3
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Art. 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this 
provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in 
the Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that 
are not historical facts, including statements about the Issuer's beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this 
Base Prospectus that states intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions underlying 
them) is a forward-looking statement. These statements are based on plans, estimates, and projections as they 
are currently available to the Issuer. Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are 
made, and the Issuer undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or 
future events. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important 
factors could therefore cause actual results of the Issuer or of the Notes to differ materially from those contained 
in any forward-looking statement.

--- Page 4 ---
4
Table of contents
Contents
Page
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................. 5
2
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................... 8
3
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 24
4
GENERAL INFORMATION................................................................................................... 25
5
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY ................................................................................................ 33
6
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES...................................................................... 34
7
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................... 115
8
OVERVIEW OF THE PARTIES INVOLVED AND THEIR FUNCTIONS ............................ 122
9
TAXATION WARNING ........................................................................................................ 124
10
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................. 125
11
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................... 129
12
STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES ..................................................................................... 131
13
ANNEX 1: FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................. 134
14
ANNEX 2: TRUST AGREEMENT ...................................................................................... 145

--- Page 5 ---
5
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
1.1 
General
The Base Prospectus serves the Company's purpose of issuing, on a continuing basis, 
bearer debt securities governed by German law (the "Notes"). Notes of a particular Series 
of Notes are identified by a uniform international securities identification number ("ISIN") or 
any other securities identification code.
1.2 
Nature of the Issuer
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. is a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and a 
securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) within the meaning of the Securitisation Act, 
acting for the account of the relevant Compartment. Its corporate objects include activities 
aimed at carrying out securitisation transactions pursuant to the Securitisation Act.
1.3 
Type of Notes; status and ranking
The Notes’ purpose is to enable Noteholders to participate in the performance of the 
Underlying. 
The Notes may be issued in an aggregate principal amount or in an aggregate number of 
Notes, as the case may be, and as specified in the Final Terms. In case the Notes will be 
issued in an aggregate principal amount, the Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the Notes will not be issued in a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 or above. In case the Notes will be issued in an aggregate 
number of Notes, each Note will be issued at an issue price as indicated in the Final Terms 
save that each Note will not be issued at an issue price of EUR 100,000 or above. 
The Notes may be issued, as specified in the Final Terms, either represented by a permanent 
global bearer note, or in the form of crypto securities pursuant to Section 4 para. 4 of the 
German Act on Electronic Securities (Gesetz über elektronische Wertpapiere – 
"eWpG")("Crypto Securities" represented by entries into a crypto securities register 
pursuant to Section 16 eWpG (such register, a "Crypto Securities Register"). 
Product Variants: Noteholders' exercise rights
The Issuer may issue three different product variants under this Base Prospectus. Product 
variant (A) provides for the right of the Noteholder to demand from the Issuer only the 
payment of an amount equal to the redemption amount ("Product Variant A"). Product 
variant (B) provides for the right of the Noteholders to demand from the Issuer only the 
delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity ("Product 
Variant B") whereas product variant (C) provides for the right of the Noteholder to demand 
from the Issuer either the payment of an amount equal to the redemption amount or delivery 
of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity as determined by 
the Noteholder ("Product Variant C" and together with Product Variant A and Product 
Variant B, the "Product Variants"). 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant delivery settlement quantity in 
respect of Product Variant B and Product Variant C will be calculated by the calculation agent 
taking into account (i) the true agio (in respect of Product Variant B, "Product Variant B 1", 
and, in respect of Product Variant C, "Product Variant C 1") or (ii) the concurrent agio (in 
respect of Product Variant B, "Product Variant B 2", and, in respect of Product Variant C, 
"Product Variant C 2").

--- Page 6 ---
6
Options: Early redemption at the option of the Issuer
Under the terms and conditions of each Product Variant, the Issuer has one of the three 
following options to redeem all outstanding Notes: The Issuer has the right to redeem the 
Notes (i) by payment of an amount equal to the relevant redemption amount ("Option A"), 
(ii) against delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement 
quantity ("Option B") or (iii) by payment of an amount equal to the relevant redemption 
amount or against delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement 
quantity as determined by the Issuer ("Option C" and together with Option A and Option B, 
the "Options").
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant delivery settlement quantity in 
respect of Option B and Option C will be calculated by the calculation agent taking into 
account (i) the true agio (in respect of Option B, "Option B 1", and, in respect of Option C, 
"Option C 1") or (ii) the concurrent agio (in respect of Option B, "Option B 2", and, in respect 
of Option C, "Option C 2").
The applicable Final Terms will indicate the right of the Noteholder in respect of the 
applicable Product Variant and the right of the Issuer in respect of the applicable Option.
No final maturity date
The Notes have no final maturity date and will only be redeemed in case 
(i) 
the Noteholder exercises its option and demands (i) the payment of an amount equal 
to the redemption amount in case of Product Variant A, (ii) the delivery of the 
Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity in case of 
Product Variant B or (iii) the payment of an amount equal to the redemption amount 
or the delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement 
quantity as determined by the Noteholder in case of Product Variant C, as the case 
may be, and as provided for in the applicable Final Terms; or
(ii) 
the Issuer exercises its call right and redeems all outstanding Notes by (i) payment 
of an amount equal to the redemption amount in case of Option A, (ii) delivery of the 
Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity in case of Option 
B or (iii) payment of an amount equal to the redemption amount or delivery of the 
Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity as determined 
by the Issuer in case of Option C, as the case may be, and as provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Status and ranking
The Notes constitute direct and unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer, secured by security 
interests granted to Chartered Investment GmbH Germany acting as trustee (the "Trustee") 
under the Trust Agreement (as defined in section 1.4 below), which rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other secured and unsubordinated outstanding liabilities of the 
Issuer in respect of the relevant Compartment, with the exception of any liabilities ranking in 
priority to the Notes under mandatory law. The Notes constitute secured liabilities of the 
Issuer subject to limited recourse to the Series Assets.
1.4 
Collateral of Notes; enforcement 
The Notes are secured by security interests comprising (i) a pledge over the Issuer’s physical 
gold (as specified in the Final Terms) held in an account with either with Raiffeisen 
Switzerland Cooperative, EFG Bank AG, Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG, Bank Cler AG, Bank J.

--- Page 7 ---
7
Safra Sarasin AG, Bank Julius Bär & Co. AG, BERGOS AG, Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG, 
Cornèr Banca SA, Rothschild & Co Bank AG, Migros Bank AG, LGT Bank AG, LGT Bank 
(Schweiz) AG or Bank Vontobel AG (as specified in the Final Terms) acting as depository 
agent (the "Depository Agent") governed by Swiss law (the "Physical Gold Account 
Pledge"), (ii) a pledge over the Book Entry Gold (as defined in section 2.1.1 below) held in 
an account with the Depository Agent governed by Swiss law (the "Book Entry Gold 
Account Pledge"), and (iii) a pledge over a cash account (the "Cash Account") with the 
cash account bank (as specified in the Final Terms) (the "Cash Account Bank") governed 
by Luxembourg law (the "Cash Account Pledge", together with the Physical Gold Account 
Pledge and the Book Entry Gold Account Pledge, the "Provided Collateral"). The Provided 
Collateral shall secure the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes. 
If the Issuer is unable to meet the payment obligations due under the Notes, the Trustee 
may, in accordance with the trust agreement entered into between the Trustee and the Issuer 
(the "Trust Agreement"), enforce the Provided Collateral to fulfil the due claims of the 
Noteholders against the Issuer.
The Trust Agreement is annexed to the Terms and Conditions and constitutes an integral 
part of the Terms and Conditions.
1.5 
Admission to trading and trading modalities
The Notes represented by a permanent global bearer note may be introduced in the 
Regulated Market or over-the-counter market of a German stock exchange, in the regulated 
market of the SIX Swiss Exchange (as Exchange Traded Products) or a comparable market 
segment of any other European stock exchange, pursuant to the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms, or it may entirely be decided not to have them listed on a stock exchange. The 
first dates on which the Notes will be admitted to trading – if known – will be specified in the 
Final Terms. The prices in a purchase or sale effected through a stock exchange will depend 
on offer and demand and be determined in accordance with the applicable rules of the 
relevant stock exchange.
The Notes issued in the form of Crypto Securities may not be introduced to trading on a 
Regulated Market but may only be traded over-the-counter.
For the purposes of this section 1 "General Description of the Programme", "Regulated 
Market" means a regulated market within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU as 
amended.

--- Page 8 ---
8
2 
RISK FACTORS
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Base Prospectus, investors should 
carefully review and consider the following risk factors and the other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. If any of these risks materialise, the market value of the Notes 
issued under the Base Prospectus and the likelihood that the Issuer will be able to fulfil its 
payment obligations under the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may decrease, in 
which case the holders of a Note (the "Noteholders" and each a "Noteholder") could lose 
all or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the 
purpose of assessing the risks associated with the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus 
are described below.
The materiality of risk factors relating to the Notes depends on parameters, such as the type 
of Notes or the Underlying. These parameters determine the probability of occurrence of a 
particular event and the risks relating thereto as well as the extent of the impact on the Notes 
if the risk materialises. Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference 
herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. 
In each category the most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned first. Terms defined or 
used in the Terms and Conditions or in any other section of the Base Prospectus shall bear 
the same meaning in this "Risk Factors" section.
2.1 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer’s financial situation
2.1.1 
Limited resources of the Issuer
The Issuer's sole business is the raising of money by issuing securities for the 
purposes of acquiring assets or risks relating to assets generally. The Company is 
established as a securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) within the meaning 
of the Securitisation Act. The board of directors of the Company (the "Board") 
established the Compartment (within the meaning of articles 62 et seq. of the 
Securitisation Act), which is a separate and distinct part of the Company’s estate 
(patrimoine) and which may be distinguished by the nature of acquired risks or 
assets, the terms and conditions of the obligations incurred in relation to the 
Compartment, its reference currency or other distinguishing characteristics. 
The Board can establish separate compartments. Pursuant to the Securitisation Act, 
claims against the Issuer by the Noteholders will be limited to the net assets of the 
Compartment. If the Compartment is liquidated, its assets shall be applied in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
The assets of the Compartment will comprise (i) the Underlying, (ii) to the extent 
complementary necessary for purposes of liquidity and cash management non-
physical book entry gold at a maximum of 5% of the assets underlying the relevant 
Series of Notes (the "Book Entry Gold")) and (iii) a cash account (the "Cash 
Account") with the cash account bank as specified in the Final Terms (the "Cash 
Account Bank") with an initial cash account amount of zero (the "Compartment 
Assets").
The Compartment Assets will be distributed among the creditors of the Issuer in 
accordance with the priority of payments set out in section 9 (Status; Order of priority;

--- Page 9 ---
9
Administrative Costs) of the Terms and Conditions. In particular, the Issuer will be 
required to pay any costs and expenses relating to the Notes and the Compartment 
prior to making any payment to the Noteholders. 
Other than as described in the foregoing, the Issuer will have no funds available to 
meet its obligations. If the Compartment Assets are not sufficient, there is a risk that 
the Issuer will temporarily or permanently not be able to fulfil its payment obligations 
when due and the Noteholders may suffer a loss.
Pursuant to the Securitisation Act, the Compartment Assets are exclusively available 
to satisfy the rights of the Noteholders and the rights of any other creditor whose 
claims have arisen at the occasion of the creation, the operation or the liquidation of 
the Compartment (each such creditor, a "Compartment Party"). The amounts 
payable or deliverable by the Issuer to the Compartment Parties under the 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Notes and 
the investment in the Underlying (the "Transaction Documents" and each a 
"Transaction Document" are referred to as compartment liabilities (the 
"Compartment Liabilities"). 
The Issuer is not aware of any claims of persons other than the Noteholders and the 
Compartment Parties that have arisen or may in the future arise on terms that such 
claims would be entitled, under the Securitisation Act, to be satisfied from the 
Compartment Assets. 
However, if such claims exist at the issue date of the Notes or will arise in the future, 
they may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Compartment Assets 
available to meet the claims of the Compartment Parties and the Noteholders, and 
therefore the Compartment Assets may not be sufficient to satisfy all amounts 
scheduled to be paid to the Noteholders and the Compartment Parties. 
2.1.2 
Order of priority
During the term of the Notes, the rights of the Noteholders to be paid amounts due 
or for delivery of the Underlying under the Notes will be subordinated to (i) discharge 
of any liabilities towards creditors privileged by law, in particular existing tax liabilities 
of the Issuer (if any), to the extent that these are due and payable and (ii) discharge 
of any other liabilities of the Issuer in relation to the Compartment, in particular any 
administrative costs and the service fee. Any such claim rank priority to the claim of 
the Noteholders. Payment or delivery of such amounts will reduce the amounts that 
are available to the Issuer to make payments to the Noteholders.
2.2 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry
2.2.1 
Limited recourse and non-petition
The rights of Noteholders and other Compartment Parties to participate in the assets 
of the Issuer are limited to the Compartment Assets. If the payments and/or 
deliveries received by the Issuer in respect of the Compartment Assets are not 
sufficient to discharge all Compartment Liabilities and the obligations towards the 
Noteholders, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Compartment Liabilities 
and the Notes will be limited to the Compartment Assets. The Issuer will not be 
obliged to make any further payments and/or deliveries to any Compartment Parties 
and/or the Noteholders in excess of the amounts received upon the realisation of the 
Compartment Assets. Following the application of the proceeds of realisation of the

--- Page 10 ---
10
Compartment Assets in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the articles 
of associations of the Company, the claims of the Noteholders and any other 
Compartment Parties for any shortfall shall be extinguished and the Noteholders and 
the other Compartment Parties (and any person acting on behalf of any of them) 
may not take any further action to recover such shortfall. 
In particular, no such party has the right to petition for the winding-up, the liquidation 
or the bankruptcy of the Company as a consequence of any shortfall or to take any 
similar proceedings. Failure to make payment in respect of any shortfall shall in no 
circumstances constitute an event of default under the Terms and Conditions. Any 
shortfall under a Compartment shall be borne by the Noteholders and the 
Compartment Parties specified in the Terms and Conditions.
The Noteholders may be exposed to competing claims of other creditors of the 
Company, the claims of which have not arisen in connection with the creation, the 
operation or the liquidation of a Compartment if foreign courts, which have 
jurisdiction over assets of the Company allocated to a Compartment do not 
recognise the segregation of assets and the compartmentalisation, as provided for 
in the Securitisation Act. The claims of these other creditors may affect the scope of 
assets which are available for the claims of the Noteholders and the Compartment 
Parties. If, as a result of such claims, a shortfall arises, such shortfall will be borne 
by the Noteholders and the Compartment Parties specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. In any such circumstances, there is a risk that Noteholders may suffer a 
loss.
2.2.2 
Insolvency of the Issuer
The Company is structured to be an insolvency-remote vehicle. The Issuer will aim 
at contracting with each Compartment Party with respect to Compartment Liabilities 
only upon terms that such party agrees not to make application for the 
commencement of winding-up, liquidation and bankruptcy or similar proceedings 
against the Issuer. Legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer in breach of these 
provisions shall, in principle, be declared inadmissible by a Luxembourg court. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company fails for any reason to meet its 
obligations or liabilities (that is, if the Company is unable to pay its debts and may 
obtain no further credit), a creditor who has not (and cannot be deemed to have) 
accepted non-petition and limited recourse provisions in respect of the Company is 
entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency proceedings 
against the Company. In that case, such creditor should, however, not have recourse 
to the assets of any Compartment but should exercise its rights on the general assets 
of the Company unless its rights would arise in connection with the creation, 
operation or liquidation of a specific Compartment, in which case the creditor would 
have recourse to the assets allocated to that Compartment. Furthermore, the 
commencement of such proceedings may, in certain conditions, entitle creditors to 
terminate contracts with the Company and claim damages for any loss created by 
such early termination. The Company is insolvency-remote but under no 
circumstances insolvency-proof. In any such circumstances, there is a risk that 
Noteholders may suffer a loss.

--- Page 11 ---
11
2.2.3 
Reliance on third parties
The Issuer is party to contracts with a number of third parties who have agreed to 
perform a number of services in relation to the Compartment Assets. In particular, 
the Calculation Agent, the paying agent as specified in the Final Terms (the "Paying 
Agent") and either Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative, EFG Bank AG, Bank CIC 
(Schweiz) AG, Bank Cler AG, Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG, Bank Julius Bär & Co. AG, 
BERGOS AG, Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG, Cornèr Banca SA, Rothschild & Co Bank 
AG, Migros Bank AG, LGT Bank AG, LGT Bank (Schweiz) AG or Bank Vontobel AG 
(as specified in the Final Terms) acting as depository agent (the "Depository Agent") 
have agreed to provide services with respect to the Compartment Assets. 
Additionally, in case of Notes issued as Crypto Securities, the crypto securities 
registrar as specified in the Final Terms (the "Crypto Registrar" has agreed to 
provide services with respect to the Notes issued as Crypto Securities. If any such 
third party fails to perform its obligations under any relevant agreement, the 
Noteholders may be adversely affected. No assurance can be given that the 
creditworthiness of the parties to the Transaction Documents will not deteriorate in 
the future or none of the parties will become insolvent. This may affect the 
performance of their respective obligations under the respective Transaction 
Documents. In such case, there is a risk that the Noteholders may suffer a loss.
2.2.4 
The inability of counterparties to meet their financial obligations could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity
Third parties that owe the Issuer money or other assets may not pay or perform 
under their obligations. These parties include the Depository Agent, clearing agents, 
exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries. Defaults by one or 
more of these parties on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of 
liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, continuing low oil or other 
commodity prices, operational failure, or other factors, or even rumours about 
potential defaults by one or more of these parties or regarding a severe distress of 
the financial services industry generally, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Given the high level of 
interdependence between financial institutions, the Issuer is and will continue to be 
subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or 
perceived soundness, of sovereigns and other financial services institutions.
To the extent any of the foregoing risks materialise, it may have a material adverse 
effect on the profit of the Issuer and even result in an overall loss for the Issuer. In 
such case, the Noteholders may take the risk of a total loss.
2.3 
Legal and regulatory risk
2.3.1 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive
The corpus of rules formed by (i) Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and 
amending Directives 2003/41/EC and 2009/65/EC and Regulations (EC) No 
1060/2009 and (EU) No 1095/2010 (the "AIFMD"), (ii) Commission Delegated 
Regulation 231/2013 of 19 December 2012 supplementing the AIFMD with regard to 
exemptions, general operating conditions, depositaries, leverage, transparency and 
supervision and (iii) the Luxembourg law of 12 July 2013 on Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers implementing the AIFMD provides, amongst other things, that all

--- Page 12 ---
12
alternative investment funds (each, an "AIF") must have a designated alternative 
investment fund manager (an "AIFM") with the responsibility for portfolio and risk 
management. The AIFMD was implemented into Luxembourg law by virtue of the 
Law of 12 July 2013 on alternative investment fund managers. The application of the 
AIFMD to securitisation vehicles such as the Company is unclear. The Company 
does not operate in the same manner as a typical alternative investment fund. The 
Company has been established solely for the purpose of entering into, performing 
and serving as a vehicle for any securitisation transactions as permitted under the 
Securitisation Act. However, the definitions of AIF and AIFM in the AIFMD are broad 
in scope and there is only limited guidance as to how such definitions should be 
applied in the context of a securitisation vehicle such as the Company.
If the Company is found to be an AIF or an AIFM, or any agent acting in respect of 
the Notes is found to be acting as an AIFM with respect to the AIF, the AIFM would 
be subject to the AIFMD. Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would 
be unlikely that the AIFM could comply fully with the requirements of the AIFMD. In 
such circumstance, the Issuer would be likely (at its discretion and subject to the 
Terms and Conditions) to exercise any applicable early redemption rights under the 
Notes and any Transaction Document. In such case, there is a risk that the 
Noteholders may suffer a loss.
2.4 
Risks relating to the value of the Notes and the pertaining investment costs
2.4.1 
Market environment
The market for Notes may be volatile and influenced by numerous factors. The 
market for Notes is influenced by economic factors and the market environment in 
Germany as well as, to different degrees, by the market environment, interest rates, 
exchange rates and inflation rates in other European and other industrialised 
countries. Events occurring in Germany, Europe or other countries may result in 
market volatility and have an adverse effect on the price of the Notes. If Noteholders 
are forced to sell the Notes in a volatile market, there is a risk that they need to sell 
the Notes at a lower price resulting in a loss for Noteholders. 
2.4.2 
Secondary market
There is a risk that an active market for trading in the Notes will not develop or that 
such market, in the event that it develops, will be maintained. If no active market for 
trading in the Notes develops or if such a market is not maintained, this may have 
an adverse effect on the price and the liquidity of the Notes. Any agent instructed by 
the Issuer or any third party may act as market maker for the Notes under the rules 
and laws applicable to the relevant secondary market and, in this context, provide 
quotations for bid and ask prices for the Notes. Investors should note that such bid 
and ask prices do possibly not correspond to the actual market value of the Notes 
and may include certain costs as well as premiums and discounts. The Issuer is 
entitled to purchase and sell Notes for its own account and issue further securities. 
Such transactions may have a positive or negative influence on the price 
performance of the Notes. The introduction of further competing products in the 
market may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. In all these cases, 
Noteholders may only be able to sell the Notes at a lower price resulting in a loss for 
Noteholders.

--- Page 13 ---
13
2.4.3 
Taxation
(i) 
U.S.-FATCA withholding tax
On 18 March 2010, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA" or 
"FATCA Provisions") came into force as part of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act ("Hire Act") for the purpose of promoting tax 
honesty of U.S. taxpayers in respect of their foreign accounts and for the 
purpose of combatting cross-border tax evasion of U.S. taxpayers.
The FATCA Provisions stipulate that a U.S. withholding tax of 30% be applied 
to certain payments made by U.S. sources, or passed on to persons failing 
to meet certain certification and reporting requirements ("Passthru 
Payments" as defined by the FATCA Provisions). In order to avoid such U.S. 
withholding tax, a non-U.S. financial institution (as defined by the FATCA 
Provisions), such as the Issuer, must either (i) enter into an agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS), unless it is exempt from the FATCA 
Provisions, or (ii) comply with local legal provisions that serve to implement 
an intergovernmental agreement in relation to the FATCA Provisions 
("Intergovernmental Agreement" or "IGA"). An IGA is an agreement in 
place between the United States and any other country for the purpose of 
implementing the FATCA Provisions.
Luxembourg and the United States signed a Model 1 IGA in March 2014. 
Under the IGA, the Issuer must meet certain information and reporting 
requirements and make available certain information and evidence to the 
competent Luxembourg fiscal authorities.
Therefore, in the context of FATCA, the Issuer has the right to request any 
investor to provide documents required as evidence of residence for tax 
purposes, in order to assess on this basis whether such investor qualifies as 
a "Specified U.S. Person" pursuant to the IGA in place between Luxembourg 
and the United States or pursuant to the FATCA Provisions. Investors are 
obliged in this connection to provide the Issuer with the required information 
and documents and to authorise the Issuer’s management board to pass on 
such information and evidence under the IGA between Luxembourg and the 
United States to the Luxembourg fiscal authorities, which, in turn, will pass 
on such data to the Internal Revenue Service of the United States. 
Should any U.S. withholding tax be deducted or withheld on interest, 
principal or other payments on the Notes based on the FATCA provisions, 
neither the Issuer nor a Paying Agent or any other person will be obliged, 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, to pay additional amounts due to such 
deduction or withholding. As a consequence thereof, investors may receive 
lower interest or principal payments than expected.
(ii) 
Impact of Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive ("ATAD")
The Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules 
against tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the 
internal market dated 12 July 2016 was transposed into Luxembourg 
domestic law by the law of 21 December 2018 ("ATAD I") and entered into 
force on 1 January 2019. ATAD I has been amended by the Council Directive

--- Page 14 ---
14
(EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017, which was implemented into Luxembourg 
domestic law by the law of 20 December 2019 ("ATAD II", and together with 
ATAD I, "ATAD").
ATAD introduces a new framework that limits the deduction of interest and 
other deductible payments and charges for Luxembourg companies subject 
to corporate income tax (such as the Issuer). ATAD may result in corporate 
income tax being effectively imposed and due on the Issuer to the extent that 
the Issuer derives income other than interest income or income equivalent 
to interest from its underlying assets and transactions or, as the case may 
be, if any of the anti-hybrid rules under ATAD II apply, for instance, if the 
Notes issued by the Issuer qualify for tax purposes as hybrid financial 
instruments. Where ATAD results in denying the tax deductibility of a portion 
of the interest accrued on the Notes, any tax payable by the Issuer as a result 
of ATAD could negatively impact the amounts payable under the Notes to the 
investors.
2.4.4 
Adjustment to the Terms and Conditions, majority resolutions of the creditors
The Final Terms set out that the Issuer can amend the Terms and Conditions of a 
Series of Notes with the Noteholders' consent, based on a majority resolution 
pursuant to sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Notes from Issues of Identical 
Debt Securities of 5 August 2009, as amended (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Gesamtemission – "SchVG"). Adjustments to the Terms and Conditions that are 
permitted under the SchVG may have considerable adverse effects on the content 
and the value of the Notes and are binding on the Noteholders, even if they have 
voted against the adjustment.
2.5 
Risk factors relating to the structure of the Notes 
2.5.1 
Limited recourse
The rights of the Noteholders in the assets of the Issuer are limited to the Series 
Assets. If the payments and/or deliveries received by the Issuer in respect of the 
Series Assets are not sufficient to discharge all the obligations towards the 
Noteholders, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the obligations towards the 
Noteholders will be limited to the Series Assets. The Issuer will not be obliged to 
make any further payments and/or deliveries to any Noteholder in excess of the 
amounts received upon the realisation of the Series Assets. Following the application 
of the proceeds of realisation of the Series Assets in accordance with the Conditions, 
the claims of the Noteholders for any shortfall shall extinguish and the Noteholders 
may not take any further action to recover such shortfall. 
The Noteholders may be exposed to competing claims of Noteholders of other 
Series of Notes allocated to the Compartment and of other creditors of the Issuer, 
the claims of which have not arisen in connection with the creation, the operation or 
the liquidation of a Compartment if foreign courts, which have jurisdiction over assets 
of the Company allocated to a Compartment do not recognise the segregation of 
assets and limited recourse in that respect. The claims of these other Noteholders 
and creditors may negatively affect the scope of Series Assets which are available 
for the claims of the Noteholders. If as a result of such claims, a shortfall arises, such 
shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders. In any such circumstances, there is a risk 
that the Noteholders may suffer a loss.

--- Page 15 ---
15
2.5.2 
No interest payments
The Notes will not bear any interest. Consequently, Noteholders will not receive any 
ongoing payments and are not compensated for their investment in the Notes. 
Noteholders have to rely on the performance of the Underlying in order to receive 
any return on the Notes. Depending on the gold price, Noteholders may suffer a loss.
2.5.3 
Consequences of the redemption at the option of the Noteholder or the Issuer
The Notes have no final maturity date and will only be redeemed in case (i) the 
Noteholder exercises its option and demands (A) the payment of an amount equal 
to the redemption amount in case of Product Variant A, (B) the delivery of the 
Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity in case of 
Product Variant B or (C) the payment of an amount equal to the redemption amount 
or the delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement 
quantity as determined by the Noteholder in case of Product Variant C, as the case 
may be and as provided for in the Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms; or (ii) the Issuer exercises its call right and redeems all outstanding Notes by 
(A) payment of an amount equal to the redemption amount in case of Option A, 
(B) delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement 
quantity in case of Option B or (C) payment of an amount equal to the redemption 
amount or delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement 
quantity as determined by the Issuer in case of Option C, as the case may be and 
as provided for in the Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms.
2.5.4 
Risk in the event of cash settlement 
The redemption amount will be determined by reference to the applicable gold price. 
There can be no assurance that the redemption amount will be greater than or equal 
to the amount invested by a Noteholder in the Notes, particularly if the gold price has 
not, since the time of investment by the Noteholder, increased sufficiently to offset 
the reduction of the Fees. If the gold price falls to zero or close to zero, investors 
may lose the entire value of their investment in the Notes.
2.5.5 
Risk in the event of physical settlement
In the case of physical settlement, the Noteholder will receive the delivery settlement 
quantity which will be determined in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
There can be no assurance that the value of the delivery settlement quantity will be 
greater than or equal to the amount invested by a Noteholder in the Notes, 
particularly if the gold price has not, since the time of investment by the Noteholder, 
increased sufficiently to offset the reduction of Fees. In addition, the Noteholder will 
bear all costs relating to the physical delivery of gold, such as (without limitation) 
costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the custody bank of the Noteholder, 
cost for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, costs of insurance 
during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any). In the event that the gold 
price falls to zero or close to zero, Noteholders may lose the entire value of their 
investment in the Notes.
2.5.6 
Risk in respect of responsibly sourced gold 
In case the Issuer invests the proceeds from the sale of the Notes in responsibly 
sourced gold as specified in the Final Terms, the purchased quantity of such gold 
might be lower in comparison to non-responsibly sourced gold as specified in the

--- Page 16 ---
16
Final Terms because the social element in connection with responsibly sourced gold 
might be accompanied by a higher purchase price of such gold. Consequently, there 
might be a lower return on investment in comparison to non-responsibly sourced 
gold.
2.5.7 
Disruption Events
A disruption event may occur if there has been a disruption in respect of the trading 
of gold, including (a) any material suspension, limitation or permanent cessation in 
respect of the trading and/or settlement of gold on the over-the-counter market of 
the London Bullion Market Association or a successor organisation representing 
market participants in the London gold trading market ("LBMA") or any other primary 
exchange or trading facility for the trading of gold or (b) the temporary or permanent 
closing of the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other primary exchange 
or trading facility for the trading of gold.
If the Calculation Agent determines that a disruption event has occurred or exists 
with respect to any day, it may (but shall not be obliged to) postpone or suspend any 
request for the redemption of the Notes, in each case by giving a Suspension Notice 
specifying how long such suspension and/or postponement will continue (a 
"Suspended Day" or "Suspension Period").
Noteholders should be aware that the occurrence of a disruption event (and any 
consequential Suspended Day or Suspension Period) may have an adverse effect 
on the calculation of the delivery settlement quantity and/or timing relating to the 
early redemption of the Notes.
2.5.8 
Notes denominated in Euro
In case the Notes are denominated in Euro, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that 
changes in the exchange rate will affect the value of, and thus the return on, such 
Notes. Changes in exchange rates may be caused by various factors such as 
macroeconomic factors, speculative transactions and measures taken by central 
banks and states. As purchasers of Notes denominated in Euro, Noteholders will be 
exposed to the risk of exchange rate volatility since the value of the Underlying is 
calculated with respect to the gold fixing which is published in US Dollars.
2.5.9 
Pricing factors and factors influencing the price
The issue price for the Notes, like the price in the secondary market, may exceed 
the market value of the Notes at the time of their acquisition. The issue price of the 
Notes will be based on internal price determination models of the Issuer and the 
generally accepted principles of financial mathematics applied by it. In this context, 
the issue price may also include commissions and fees that are paid to distributors 
(if any).
Prospective investors in the Notes should be aware that the value of their Notes may 
decrease over their term and that the Noteholders may suffer a loss of part of the 
capital employed by them, which may even be considerable, in addition to any 
transaction costs incurred, if the Notes are sold in the secondary market prior to 
maturity. The same also applies if a redemption at the or any other minimum tradable 
principal amount or minimum tradable unit as may be determined in the Final Terms 
has been provided for under the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17
2.5.10 
Risks in connection with gold price fixing
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the gold price 
fixing, which constitutes a benchmark pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the European Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used 
as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
Such gold price fixing is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration ("IBA"). As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, IBA is authorised as a benchmark administrator in 
the United Kingdom under the UK Benchmarks Regulation but does not appear on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") (the "Register"). 
The Benchmarks Regulation might have material effects on the Notes, including if 
the following circumstance arises:

the gold price fixing provided by IBA cannot be used as such under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (subject to applicable transitional provisions), if its 
administrator who is located in a non-EU jurisdiction does not meet the 
requirements of "equivalence" (Art. 30 Benchmarks Regulation), the 
administrator is not "recognised" (Art. 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the 
benchmark has not been "endorsed" (Art. 33 Benchmarks Regulation). In 
such a case, this could have a material impact on the Notes; and

the methodology or other conditions of the gold price fixing provided by IBA 
could be modified to comply with the conditions of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.
If the circumstance described above arises, the gold price fixing provided by IBA will 
be replaced by a replacement benchmark in accordance with the Final Terms. Such 
replacement may have an adverse effect on the value of the affected Notes and may 
have the consequence that the alternative benchmark, in terms of its past or future 
level, or its past or future volatility, does not correspond, or is not directly comparable, 
to the previous benchmark within the meaning of the Benchmarks Regulation.
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other 
proposals, initiatives and investigations which may impact benchmarks.
Once such future reforms have been implemented, the manner in which such 
benchmarks are administered may change, with the result that these may perform 
differently than in the past, or that such benchmarks may be discontinued completely, 
or any other unforeseeable consequences might occur. 
Any change to a benchmark within the meaning of the Benchmarks Regulation as a 
result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives could have material adverse 
effects on the costs of refinancing a benchmark within the meaning of the 
Benchmarks Regulation or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of such benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Although it is uncertain whether, and if so, to what 
extent, any of the aforementioned changes and/or other changes in the 
administration, or method used to determine, a benchmark within the meaning of the 
Benchmarks Regulation might affect the value of a Note related to the gold price

--- Page 18 ---
18
fixing provided by IBA, investors should be aware that any such change may have 
material adverse effects on the value of the Note related to the gold price fixing 
provided by IBA.
2.5.11 
Risk in respect of the Provided Collateral
The Notes are secured by security interests comprising (i) a pledge over the Issuer’s 
physical gold (as specified in the Final Terms) held in an account with the Depository 
Agent governed by Swiss law (the "Physical Gold Account Pledge"), (ii) a pledge 
over the Book Entry Gold held in an account with the Depository Agent governed by 
Swiss law (the "Book Entry Gold Account Pledge") and (iii) an account pledge over 
the Cash Account with the Cash Account Bank governed by Luxembourg law (the 
"Cash Account Pledge", together with the Physical Gold Account Pledge and the 
Book Entry Gold Account Pledge, the "Provided Collateral"). The Provided 
Collateral shall secure the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk that the proceeds from the enforcement of the 
Provided Collateral may not be sufficient to satisfy their claims against the Issuer. 
The Noteholders may therefore lose all or part of their invested capital.
2.5.12 
Risk in respect of enforcement proceedings 
The Issuer may oppose enforcement measures by asserting claims, counterclaims 
or defences against its creditors, even if these allegations have no basis in fact but 
are aimed at delaying enforcement proceedings. Enforcement proceedings may take 
years or even longer.
In addition, the realisation proceeds from any enforcement will be paid into an 
account of the Issuer with the Paying Agent to be established and pledged to the 
Trustee. There is therefore a risk that the Issuer may not open such an account in 
case of enforcement or that this account may not be pledged to the Trustee in the 
event of enforcement or that the Trustee may not be legally able to distribute the 
realisation proceeds to the Noteholders via the Issuer's pledged account with the 
Paying Agent. 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk that the Trustee may not be able to satisfy the 
claims of the Noteholders from the Provided Collateral or the proceeds from the 
liquidation of the Provided Collateral. Noteholders may therefore lose all or part of 
their invested capital. 
2.5.13 
Risk in respect of the use of distributed ledger technology underpinning the Crypto 
Securities Register
In the case of Notes issues in the form of Crypto Securities only, the Noteholder is 
exposed to the risk relating to the use of distributed ledger technology. The Crypto 
Securities Register operated by the Crypto Registrar uses a distributed ledger 
technology network and tamper-proof recording system in which data is logged in 
time sequence and stored in a manner protected against unauthorised deletion and 
subsequent modification. The entries in the Crypto Securities Register referencing a 
Note in the form of a Crypto Security (each unit entered into the recording system in 
the sense of the eWpG on behalf of the Issuer representing the Noteholder's rights 
under one Note, a "Token") is generated based on the ERC-20 Token Standard on 
behalf of the Issuer and recorded in the Crypto Securities Register in a smart contract 
maintained and deployed by the Crypto Registrar. The distributed ledger technology

--- Page 19 ---
19
based network used as the decentralized recording system underlying the crypto 
Securities Register (hereafter the "DLT Network") forms an ecosystem of a wide 
range of decentralised applications for the issuance and transfer of crypto assets 
(tokens), such as the Token (hereafter "crypto assets"). The use of the DLT Network 
exposes the Noteholders to IT-risks related to the underlying DLT Network. The 
technology underlying the Crypto Securities Register and the Token is still in its early 
stages, and standards are still being identified and implemented. There will be 
significant changes in technology in the future. Technological developments in 
cryptography, code decryption, quantum computing, etc. may pose a risk to the 
security of crypto assets and potentially facilitate price manipulation or forced 
consensus attacks by miners and others. In addition, alternative technologies could 
be introduced, making crypto assets less relevant or obsolete. The operation of 
crypto assets relies on software, including open-source software. Developers of such 
software are not employed or controlled by the Issuer, the Crypto Registrar or any 
other party related to the Notes. Developers may introduce vulnerabilities and 
programming errors into the software or cease development of the software leaving 
crypto assets exposed to vulnerabilities, programming errors and threats of fraud, 
theft and cyber-attacks. 
2.5.14 
Risk from fraud, theft and cyber attacks
Due to the digital nature of crypto assets, they are an attractive target for fraud, theft 
and cyber-attacks. Noteholders are directly exposed to the consequences of fraud, 
theft and cyber-attacks with respect to their holdings entered in the Crypto Securities 
Register. Such events relating to other crypto assets recorded in the DLT Network or 
related decentralised networks may lead to investigations, legal disputes, negative 
sentiment and general scepticism regarding the long-term future of the technology 
underpinning the Crypto Securities Register and therefore the Token. This may have 
a negative impact on the trust placed and extent or growth-projections of the DLT 
Network. Noteholders may incur losses as a result of the aforementioned events, for 
example if the Issuer was ordered by a competent authority to replace the Crypto 
Securities Register with an alternative register as a result of costs incurred by such 
transition.
2.5.15 
Risk of loss of crypto asset credentials
The Token representing a Note in the form of a Crypto Security is connected to a 
Noteholder's address on the DLT Network. Token connected with such address are 
accessed and controlled by the Noteholder using the private key associated with 
such address. Private keys are regularly stored on a computer, notebook or 
smartphone or organised by specific software streamlining the access to the Token 
(such software, a "Wallet"). These Wallets are usually protected by a private key or 
password. However, wallets are not comprehensively protected from hackers. The 
use of private keys and Wallets mandated by the issuance of Crypto Securities 
exposes the Noteholder to the risk of losing its private keys or password and thereby 
the access to the Wallet and to the associated Tokens representing its Notes in the 
form of Crypto Securities. The risk of loss or theft of crypto asset credentials (and 
potentially adverse effects following such loss) can also not be excluded in relation 
to the Issuer of the Crypto Registrar. This can have a negative impact on the ability 
to proof ownership of the Tokens and could limit such Noteholder's ability to exercise 
their rights in respect of the Notes or the Crypto Securities Register.

--- Page 20 ---
20
2.5.16 
Risk of loss of credentials and security of cryptographic architecture due to quantum 
computing
There is a risk of private keys (used to create, transfer or destroy Tokens) of Wallet 
software becoming vulnerable to theft as a result of future developments in quantum 
computing. The insecurity of private keys and Wallet software could significantly 
affect the integrity, safety and reputation of the Crypto Securities Register and the 
Token. Such advances in quantum computing might also compromise the currently 
state-of-the-art cryptographic architecture that is used in distributed ledger 
technology based systems in general which could negatively affect the integrity and 
functionality of the DLT Network.
2.5.17 
Risks resulting from software development
The protocol code underlying the DLT Network of the Crypto Securities Register may 
be updated, added to, changed or modified from time to time by the developers 
and/or the user community. It is possible that any such update, addition, change or 
modification may adversely affect the functionality of the Crypto Securities Register 
and thus the Token. There is a risk that such source code or protocol may be 
defective. Such a flaw could compromise the integrity and security of the affected 
DLT Network and of the Crypto Securities Register. The source code of the DLT 
Network is subject to public scrutiny and peer-reviews. Nevertheless, a bug may 
exist in the source code that has not yet been found and fixed, or such a bug may 
be exploited while it has not yet been fixed. There is also the risk that a bug is 
irreparable. These risks could substantially weaken the DLT Network's or the Token's 
reputation, which could have a negative impact on the value of the Notes. Various 
crypto assets have been implemented as, or substantially incorporated, publicly and 
freely available open-source software. The source code or protocol of the DLT 
Network is publicly available and in constant development.
2.5.18 
Risks associated with non-standard tokens or non-standard elements of 
standardised tokens
The Token is based on the Ethereum Request for Comments (ERC)-20 standard 
developed for crypto assets recorded in and issued via the Crypto Securities 
Register. This standard is a publicly available, reviewed and tested standard being 
under constant further developments thus leading to new open standards. However, 
it cannot be excluded that the Token contains functions or data that may be 
considered non-standard. Such functions and standards have not been exposed to 
the same level of peer-review as the ERC-20 standard. Every software can contain 
errors or exhibit unforeseen malfunctions, including the Crypto Securities Register 
and the Token. Potential investors should conduct their own review of the smart 
contract via a common block explorer on the Ethereum blockchain, where the source 
code can be inspected and form their own view of the functioning of the smart 
contract. Therefore, Noteholders bear the risk of loss of Token or of unforeseen 
technical disruptions to the Crypto Securities Register or the smart contract in 
relation to the Notes. 
2.5.19 
Protocol development risks
The further development and acceptance of the DLT Network's protocol depends on 
a number of factors. The development of crypto assets may be prevented or delayed 
should disagreements arise between participants, developers and members of the

--- Page 21 ---
21
network. New and improved versions of the source code must be approved by a 
majority of the members of the DLT Network in order to update the version of the 
source code. In the event that a majority in the DLT Network cannot be reached for 
an update of the source code, this could result in urgent updates or improvements 
of the source code not being possible or being limited. Disagreement over or delays 
in certain proposed or required network changes may lead to splits within the DLT 
Network, which could substantially affect the remaining network's integrity and 
security. 
2.5.20 
Register settlement and volatility risks
Noteholders bear the settlement and volatility risks associated with the DLT Network 
and its native crypto asset Ether. The DLT Network might shrink significantly, 
collapse or congestion might cause potential fees incurred for transfers of Tokens by 
Noteholders or potential fees incurred by the Issuer or the Crypto Registrar for the 
operation of functions of the Token via the Crypto Securities Register (so called gas 
prices) to increase to an extent that would render the performance of such function 
or transfer becomes commercially unreasonable for the Noteholder, the Issuer or the 
Crypto Registrar. This could cause settlement delays or negatively affect the value 
of the Notes.
2.6 
Risk factors relating to gold as the Underlying of the Notes
2.6.1 
Gold linked Notes
The Notes are linked and concentrated to gold. Prospective investors should note 
that the value of each Series of Notes will be affected by movements in the price of 
gold to which a particular Series of Notes is linked.
Prospective investors should be aware that the price of gold can go down as well as 
up and that the performance of gold in any future period may not mirror its past 
performance. There can be no assurance as to the future performance of gold to 
which the Notes are linked.
An investment in Notes linked to gold is not the same as investing directly in and 
physically holding gold. Holding an inventory of physical precious metals like gold 
may have certain economic benefits – for example, a jewellery firm could use a 
reserve of gold for the continuation of its operations – but such benefits are not 
available from a holding of Notes. Holding an inventory of physical precious metals 
also poses administrative burdens, including those arising from the need to store, 
arrange security for or transport physical precious metals, while such administrative 
burdens are borne by the Issuer for investors who invest in the Notes.
2.6.2 
Risks related to the performance of gold
The performance of a precious metal like gold is dependent upon various factors, 
including (without limitation) supply and demand, liquidity, natural disasters, direct 
investment costs, location, changes in tax rates and changes in laws, regulations 
and the activities of governmental or regulatory bodies, each as set out in more detail 
below. Precious metal prices are generally more volatile than most other asset 
classes, making investments in precious metals riskier and more complex than other

--- Page 22 ---
22
investments, and the secondary market price of the Notes may demonstrate similar 
volatility. Some of the factors affecting the price of precious metals are:
(i) 
Supply and demand. Gold, as a precious metal, is typically considered a 
finite rather than a renewable resource. If supplies of a precious metal 
increase, the price of the precious metal will typically fall and vice versa if all 
other factors remain constant. Similarly, if demand for a precious metal 
increases, the price of the precious metal will typically increase and vice 
versa if all other factors remain constant. The planning and management of 
gold supplies is very time-consuming. This means that the scope for action 
on the supply side is limited and it is not always possible to adjust production 
swiftly to take account of demand. Demand can also vary on a regional basis. 
Transport costs for gold in regions where it is needed also affect its price. In 
relation to the use of gold in jewellery and/or for other non-industrial uses, 
substitutes may become more accepted over time. In relation to the use of 
gold in industrial processes, alternatives or substitutes may be identified, 
become cheaper and/or more readily available. In both cases, this may result 
in a decrease in the demand for gold and a decrease in the price thereof.
(ii) 
Liquidity. Not all markets in gold are liquid and able to quickly and 
adequately react to changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are 
only a few market participants in the gold markets means that speculative 
investments can have negative consequences and may distort prices and 
market liquidity.
(iii) 
Natural disasters. The occurrence of natural disasters can influence the 
supply of gold. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable 
price fluctuations.
(iv) 
Storage and other costs. Direct investment in gold involves storage, 
security, insurance and tax costs. Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid 
on gold. The returns from investments in gold are therefore influenced by 
these factors.
(v) 
Location. Gold is often produced in emerging market countries, with 
demand coming principally from industrialised nations. The political and 
economic situation is, however, far less stable in many emerging market 
countries than in the developed world. They are generally much more 
susceptible to the risks of rapid political change and economic setbacks. 
Political crises can affect purchaser confidence, which can, as a 
consequence, affect the gold price. Armed conflicts can also impact on the 
supply and demand for gold. It is also possible for industrialised nations to 
impose embargos on imports and exports of goods and services. This can 
directly and indirectly impact the gold price. Furthermore, gold producers 
may establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and 
influence prices.
(vi) 
Changes in tax rates. Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have 
a positive or a negative impact on the profit margins of gold producers. When 
these costs are passed on to purchasers, these changes will affect prices.
(vii) 
Changes in exchange rates and interest rates. Changes in exchange 
rates and interest rates may have a positive or negative impact on the price,

--- Page 23 ---
23
demand, production costs, direct investment costs of gold and the returns 
from investments in gold are therefore influenced by and may be correlated 
to these factors.
(viii) 
Laws, regulation and action of regulatory bodies. Changes in law and 
regulation and/or the action of any applicable government or regulatory body 
may have a positive or a negative impact on the gold price and on any of the 
factors listed above.
2.6.3 
Shortage of gold
Metal markets, like the gold market, have the potential to suffer from market 
disruption or volatility caused by shortages of physical metal. Such events could 
result in sudden increases in metal prices (i.e. the gold price) for a short period (also 
known as price spikes). Price spiking can also result in volatile forward rates and 
lease rates which could result in the bid/offer spread on any stock exchange or 
market where the Notes are traded to widen, reflecting short-term forward rates in 
the metal.
The growth of investment products offering investors an exposure to gold (including 
products similar to the Notes and the Notes themselves) may significantly change 
the supply and demand profile of the market from that which has traditionally 
prevailed. Changes in supply and demand for such investment products will directly 
impact on the supply and demand in the gold market. This may have the effect of 
increasing volatility in the price and supply of gold. Such products require the 
purchase and sale of gold, and, depending on the success of such products, this 
may lead to a substantial increase in the volume of transactions.
2.6.4 
Disruption of markets on which gold is traded
Any disruption to the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other primary 
exchange or trading facility for the trading of gold can affect the price of gold and the 
value of the Notes. Markets, exchanges and trading facilities have the potential to 
suffer from market disruption due to trading failures or other events. Such events 
could result in the occurrence of a Disruption Event.
2.6.5 
Destruction or loss of gold as Underlying
If the underlying gold is damaged, destroyed, stolen or lost, the Issuer might have a 
claim for damages against a party to the Transaction Documents. It cannot be 
guaranteed, however, that such claim will be fulfilled in a timely manner or be fulfilled 
at all which would impair the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes or might even result in a loss for the Noteholders. 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant quantity of the underlying gold upon delivery of the gold to the relevant 
custody bank of the Noteholder. The risk of loss of the Underlying received by the 
relevant custody bank will be borne by the Noteholder. If the underlying gold to be 
delivered is damaged, destroyed, stolen or lost at the relevant custody bank, the 
Noteholder might have a claim for damages against the relevant custody bank. It 
cannot be guaranteed, however, that such claim will be fulfilled in a timely manner 
or be fulfilled at all which might even result in a loss for the Noteholder.

--- Page 24 ---
24
3 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A., whose registered office is at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, 
L-2453, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, assumes responsibility for the content of this Base 
Prospectus and hereby declares that, to its knowledge, the information in this Base 
Prospectus is accurate and no material circumstances have been omitted.
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, 
the information in this Base Prospectus is accurate and no facts have been omitted, provided 
that with respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third 
party other than on its behalf (i) the Company confirms that any such information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted, the omission of 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the 
Company has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 25 ---
25
4 
GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus
Each financial intermediary subsequently making a resale or final placement of the Notes 
may use the Base Prospectus according to Art. 5(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation") during the period of its validity pursuant to Article 12 of the Prospectus 
Regulation). If and to the extent that this is stated in the Final Terms in relation to a particular 
issue of Notes, the Issuer consents to a subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes 
by any financial intermediaries within the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the following 
member states of the EEA, in which the Base Prospectus has been passported: Germany, 
Liechtenstein, Spain, Sweden, Portugal, Austria, Denmark. Such subsequent resale or final 
placement is subject to the condition that the Base Prospectus still continues to be valid in 
accordance with Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation and that the relevant financial 
intermediary complies with the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms as well 
as any applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, 
sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.
Each financial intermediary subsequently making a resale or final placement of the Notes in 
Switzerland may use the Base Prospectus in accordance with the relevant Swiss regulation. 
If and to the extent that this is stated in the Final Terms in relation to a particular issue of 
Notes, the Issuer consents to a subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by any 
financial intermediaries in Switzerland in accordance with the relevant Swiss regulation.
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to prospective investors together with all 
supplements published before such delivery. Each supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
available in electronic form at www.luxse.com or www.chartered-opus.com (or any website 
replacing the same). Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. accepts responsibility for the 
contents of the Base Prospectus also with regard to any subsequent resale or final 
placement of the relevant Notes.
For the purpose of using the Base Prospectus each financial intermediary must ensure 
compliance with any applicable statutory provisions of the relevant jurisdictions.
Each financial intermediary that submits an offer must inform investors of the terms 
and conditions of the Notes at the time the offer is submitted.
Each financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus must state on its website that 
it uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the conditions 
attached thereto.
4.2 
Potential conflicts of interests
The Company or the Issuer, respectively, a purchaser, the Calculation Agent, the Cash 
Account Bank, the Depository Agent, the distributor (if any) as specified in the Final Terms 
(the "Distributor"), the Paying Agent, the Servicer and the structuring advisor (if any) as 
specified in the Final Terms (the "Structuring Advisor") (each as defined in section 8 
"OVERVIEW OF THE PARTIES INVOLVED AND THEIR FUNCTIONS") may receive fees, 
commissions or other expensed being part of the issue price and may each be affiliates of 
the Issuer or the same legal entity. As a consequence of such and other relationships, 
potential conflicts of interests may arise between these parties and the Noteholders, due to 
certain transactions provided for in this document.

--- Page 26 ---
26
A purchaser, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Account Bank, the Depository Agent, the 
Distributor (if any), the Paying Agent, the Servicer and the Structuring Advisor (if any) as well 
as their respective affiliates may each also assume another function in relation to the Notes. 
These parties and their respective affiliates may furthermore enter into transactions affecting 
the Underlying. Any such transactions may have positive or negative effects on the value of 
the Underlying, and thus on the value of the Notes.
4.3 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds
The Issuer will use the proceeds from the issuance of a Series of Notes to acquire the Series 
Assets, provided that the Underlying will consist of physical gold or physical responsibly 
sourced gold as specified in the Final Terms. The estimated net proceeds correspond to the 
gross proceeds.
4.4 
Form, Clearing; Common Code and ISIN; Transfer of Notes
The Notes are issued in bearer form, represented by either a global bearer certificate or, in 
the case of Crypto Securities, an entry into the Crypto Securities Register and comprise any 
Notes issued by the Issuer on the same terms and conditions. They are issued in an 
aggregate principal amount or in an aggregate number of Notes, as the case may be, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes represented by a global bearer certificate may be accepted for settlement through 
the relevant clearing system. The clearing system, the relevant common code and the ISIN 
for each Series of Notes allocated by the clearing system are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the 
corresponding information will also be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may 
be transferred in accordance with the provisions of the relevant clearing system. 
In order to transfer Crypto Securities, the relevant Tokens are transferred to or from the 
Noteholder's register address (public key derived from a wallet) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Crypto Securities Registrar. The relevant register address must be 
approved for transfers by the Crypto Securities Registrar (whitelisting) before the relevant 
entry can be made in the Crypto Securities Register. 
4.5 
Delivery
In case of the initial sale, the Notes will be delivered and paid at the value date of the issue; 
subsequently, the Notes will be delivered and paid, in each case, in accordance with the 
individual purchase agreements by way of delivery against payment either (i) through the 
relevant clearing system, in accordance with the rules applicable to the relevant clearing 
system, or (ii) by transfer of the relevant token to the Noteholder's register address in 
accordance with the provisions of the Crypto Securities Registrar unless agreed otherwise 
in any individual case.
4.6 
Prospective investors
The Notes may be offered to retail clients, professional clients and eligible counterparties.
4.7 
Pricing
The offer conditions and the issue price will be determined in the Final Terms. Following the 
determination of the issue price, the sales price will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on an ongoing basis.

--- Page 27 ---
27
No further costs will be charged to the purchaser in addition to the abovementioned issue 
price or sales prices (plus a subscription fee, if applicable) by the Issuer in an acquisition of 
the Notes; however, this will apply subject to costs which may be incurred by the purchaser 
in the acquisition of the Notes through savings banks (Sparkassen) and other banks and on 
which the Issuer cannot make any statement. 
In addition, the issue price or sales prices includes the Issuer’s costs related to the issuance 
and distribution of the Notes (e.g., distribution costs and structuring costs, including an 
earnings margin for the Issuer).
4.8 
Yield
Not applicable. At the time of issue, no information can be provided as to what yield of the 
Notes is to be expected.
4.9 
Governing law and place of jurisdiction
The Notes of a Series will each be issued including the conditions and structural features 
set out in the Final Terms in accordance with German law. The form and content of the Notes 
as well as all rights and obligations resulting from the matters regulated in the Terms and 
Conditions are governed in any regard by the law of the Federal Republic of Germany, 
except for the limited recourse regulated in section 11 of the Terms and Conditions which is 
governed by Luxembourg law.
Place of jurisdiction for any claims and proceedings under or in relation to the Notes will be 
Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany, unless another place of jurisdiction has been 
provided for by mandatory law.
Jurisdiction for any decisions pursuant to section 9 para. 2 and section 13 para. 3 SchVG 
will lie with the Local Court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main in accordance with section 9 
para. 3 SchVG. Jurisdiction for any rescission of resolutions passed by the Noteholders will 
lie exclusively with the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Frankfurt am Main in accordance 
with section 20 para. 3 SchVG. 
4.10 
Currency
The issue currency of the Notes will be specified in the Final Terms (the "Issue Currency"), 
and any payments under the Notes will be made in the Issue Currency.
4.11 
Credit rating
A credit rating may have been assigned to the Notes. Each credit rating assigned by a rating 
agency reflects the view held by the specific rating agency at the relevant specified time. 
Investors should consider each credit rating on a separate basis and obtain information from 
the relevant rating agency for further explanations and as to the particular meaning of the 
relevant credit rating. Rating agencies may change the credit ratings assigned by them at 
any time if they think that certain circumstances require such a change. Investors should not 
rely on any long-term credit ratings as a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell any Notes.
4.12 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions, noteholders’ meeting 
The Notes will be governed by the provisions of the German Act on Notes from Issues of 
Identical Debt Securities of 5 August 2009 (as amended) ("SchVG"). The Terms and 
Conditions provide for noteholder’s meetings and majority decisions of the Noteholders in 
accordance with the SchVG.

--- Page 28 ---
28
4.13 
Additional information
The Issuer does not intend to publish any information following the issue, unless the 
information concerned is information that the Issuer is required to publish and exceeds the 
specification of the information provided in the relevant Final Terms to this Base Prospectus. 
Such mandatory publications will be effected in accordance with section 14 (Notices) set 
forth in PART B of the Terms and Conditions.
4.14 
Transaction structure
General
The Company establishes the Compartment in relation to the Notes and issues a Series of 
Notes in relation to the Compartment. The Issuer uses the proceeds generated from the sale 
of the Notes to acquire the assets underlying the Notes comprising (i) physical gold or 
responsibly sourced physical gold as specified in the Final Terms, (ii) any rights of the Issuer 
with respect to the Notes, and any payments or amounts received by the Issuer under any 
agreement it entered into with respect to the Notes, (iii) Book Entry Gold (the "Series 
Assets"). The Series of Notes will be backed by the Series Assets. The Series Assets 
backing the issuance of the Notes enable the Issuer to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the Notes.
The Issuer ensures that the acquired Series Assets are delivered to the Depository Agent 
and, provided that such delivery has been made, that such Series Assets are held in safe 
custody by the Depository Agent in the Issuer’s name.
The Series Assets will be subject to a fee deduction. The fees, being, in particular, the issuer 
annual fee, the structuring fee (if any) and the depositary fee, will accrue on a daily basis 
and are payable quarterly or on any other dates as specified in the Final Terms.
Crypto Securities
With respect to the Notes issued in the form of Crypto Securities represented by the Tokens, 
the Tokens are generated on behalf of the Issuer and recorded in the DLT Network in a smart 
contract. Each Token represents one Crypto Security. Therefore, the Tokens represent the 
Noteholders' rights under the Crypto Security set out in the Terms and Conditions and the 
number of Tokens held by a Noteholder in the DLT Network represents the number of Crypto 
Securities held by such Noteholder. 
Neither the Issuer itself nor the Crypto Registrar will provide custody of Tokens for 
Noteholders. Noteholders must hold their Tokens in custody themselves at their own 
expense. The requirement is that the Noteholder's Wallet is compatible for the Tokens. 
Ownership of the Crypto Securities is established by the registration of the Noteholder in the 
Crypto Securities Register. Only the person registered in the Crypto Securities Register (as 
such) is considered to be the Noteholder. Payments by the Issuer can exclusively be made 
to the persons that are registered in the Crypto Securities Register as Noteholders at the 
relevant point of time. The registration in the Crypto Securities Register requires that the 
Noteholder has been properly identified and onboarded as a client by the Crypto Securities 
Registrar. For this purpose, the investor follows the instructions of the Crypto Securities 
Registrar and accepts its general terms and conditions as to the participation in the Crypto 
Securities Register.
In order to transfer the Tokens to or from the Noteholder's register address (public key 
derived from a wallet), the relevant register address must be approved for transfers by the

--- Page 29 ---
29
Crypto Securities Registrar (whitelisting) before the relevant entry can be made in the Crypto 
Securities Register. In accordance with the Crypto Registrar's general terms and conditions 
as to the participation in the Crypto Securities Register, the Crypto Registrar reserves the 
right to block a Noteholder's register address on a temporary or permanent basis 
(blacklisting) if there are justified reasons for doing so (e.g. if the identification or the legally 
required updating of the identification is not possible or no longer possible with reasonable 
effort despite the Crypto Registrar's endeavour or there is suspicion of criminal offences or 
other violations of the law).
4.15 
Description of the Underlying 
The Underlying consists of physical gold as specified in the Final Terms. The physical gold 
complies, in terms of fineness, at least with the requirements specified in the rules adopted 
by the LBMA. In case physical responsibly sourced gold is specified in the Final Terms, the 
physical gold is a traceable gold product the origins of which are fully documented and 
validated and which is sourced only from mines with very high environmental and social 
standards.
4.16 
Delivery procedure of the Underlying
The Underlying will be delivered by the Depository Agent to the relevant securities custody 
account bank of the Noteholder following a delivery request of the Noteholder through its 
custody bank to the Issuer.
4.17 
Interest
The Notes do not bear interest during their whole term.
4.18 
Scheduled maturity and redemption
The Notes have no final maturity date and will only be redeemed in case 
(i) 
the Noteholder exercises its option and demands (A) the payment of an amount 
equal to the redemption amount in case of Product Variant A, (B) the delivery of the 
Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity in case of 
Product Variant B or (C) the payment of an amount equal to the redemption amount 
or the delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement 
quantity as determined by the Noteholder in case of Product Variant C, as the case 
may be and as provided for in the Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(ii) 
the Issuer exercises its call right and redeems all outstanding Notes by (A) payment 
of an amount equal to the redemption amount in case of Option A, (B) delivery of the 
Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity in case of Option 
B or (C) payment of an amount equal to the redemption amount or delivery of the 
Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity as determined 
by the Issuer in case of Option C, as the case may be and as provided for in the 
Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms.
4.18.1 
Redemption in the case of the Noteholders' exercise rights
The Final Terms provide for one of the following redemption scenarios at the option 
of the Noteholder:

--- Page 30 ---
30
(i) 
Product Variant A: Payment of a Cash Amount
The Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that the relevant Note is 
redeemed at its relevant redemption amount. To assert such redemption 
claim, the Noteholder must submit to the Issuer a redemption request. The 
redemption request must be received by the Issuer before or on the relevant 
noteholder exercise date.
The redemption amount payable in respect of the Note shall be determined 
by reference to the applicable gold price as expressed in U.S. dollar ("USD") 
per fine troy ounce (as converted into the Issue Currency, as the case may 
be). 
(ii) 
Product Variant B: Delivery of the Underlying
The Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that the relevant Note is 
redeemed against delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant 
delivery settlement quantity. To assert such delivery claim, the Noteholder 
must submit to the Issuer a delivery request. The delivery request must be 
received by the Issuer before or on the relevant noteholder exercise date. 
The delivery settlement quantity will be calculated in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions.
(iii) 
Product Variant C: Payment of a Cash Amount or Delivery of the Underlying
The Noteholder may demand from the Issuer delivery of the Underlying (the 
"Delivery Option") or payment of cash (the "Payment Option") at the option 
of the Noteholder.
In case of the Delivery Option, the Noteholder may demand from the Issuer 
that the relevant Note is redeemed against delivery of the Underlying in an 
amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity. To assert such delivery 
claim, the Noteholder must submit to the Issuer a delivery request. The 
delivery request must be received by the Issuer before or on the relevant 
noteholder exercise date. The delivery settlement quantity will be calculated 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
In case of the Payment Option, the Noteholder may demand from the Issuer 
that the relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant redemption amount. To 
assert such redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to the Issuer a 
redemption request. The redemption request must be received by the Issuer 
before or on the relevant noteholder exercise date. The redemption amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the 
applicable gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce (as converted 
into the Issue Currency, as the case may be). 
4.18.2 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer
The Final Terms provide for one of the redemption scenarios at the option of the 
Issuer:
(i) 
Option A: Payment of a Cash Amount
On each issuer call date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a prior notice (as specified

--- Page 31 ---
31
in the applicable Final Terms), redeem all outstanding Notes at the relevant 
redemption amount. The redemption amount payable in respect of the Note 
shall be determined by reference to the applicable gold price as expressed 
in USD per fine troy ounce (as converted into the Issue Currency, as the case 
may be).
(ii) 
Option B: Delivery of the Underlying 
On each issuer call date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a prior notice (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), redeem all outstanding Notes against delivery 
of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant delivery settlement quantity. 
The delivery settlement quantity will be calculated in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions.
(iii) 
Option C: Payment of a Cash Amount or Delivery of the Underlying 
On each issuer call date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a prior notice (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), redeem all outstanding Notes. Each 
Noteholder has the option to opt for early redemption (i) at the relevant 
redemption amount or (ii) against delivery of the Underlying in an amount of 
the relevant delivery settlement quantity.
The relevant redemption amount payable in respect of the Note shall be 
determined by reference to the applicable gold price as expressed in USD 
per fine troy ounce (as converted into the Issue Currency, as the case may 
be).
The delivery settlement quantity will be calculated in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions.
4.18.3 
Limited Recourse
Due to the limitation of recourse to the Series Assets, the Issuer’s ability to effect 
payments under the Notes issued by it is subject to the Issuer itself (i) receiving 
payments as a result of a sale of such Series Assets and (ii) receiving physical gold. 
4.19 
Fees
The redemption amount and the delivery settlement quantity may be subject to a fee 
covering the costs of the Issuer in relation the Notes and the Underlying. The redemption 
amount based on the initial gold quantity and the relevant gold price may be reduced by a 
fee specified as a percentage in the Final Terms. The fee will be deducted from the quantity 
of gold on a regular basis. Consequently, the amount of fees depends on the price of gold. 
In the case of a physical settlement of the Notes in accordance with section 3 Product 
Variant B1 (true agio) and Product Variant C 1 (true agio) of the Terms and Conditions and 
section 4 Option B1 (true agio) and Option C 1 (true agio) of the Terms and Conditions there 
will be an upfront agio payment by the Noteholders upon issuance and no fee will accrue for 
the period of one year after the issuance of the Notes.
4.20 
Tap Issues
The issue size of Notes issued under this Base Prospectus (the "Original Notes") may be 
increased (the "Tap Issue"), with several Tap Issues of Notes being possible. For this

--- Page 32 ---
32
purpose, additional Notes (the "Additional Notes") will be issued. The Additional Notes and 
the Original Notes will form one single issue of Notes (of the increased issue size), i.e., they 
will have the same securities identification number and the same structure.

--- Page 33 ---
33
5 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY
5.1 
The following documents or copies thereof may be inspected by following (i) www.luxse.com 
(or a relevant successor website); or (ii) www.chartered-opus.com (under the section 
"Products", "Regulatory" and "Regulatory Information to Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance 
S.A."): 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus,
(b) 
all supplements the Company will, if necessary, prepare in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
(c) 
a copy of the Company's articles of association,
(d) 
the Company's audited financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022. 
5.2 
The following documents or copies thereof may be inspected by following (i) www.luxse.com 
(or a relevant successor website); or (ii) www.chartered-opus.com (under the section 
"Products" and "Current Products": 

the Final Terms regarding Notes offered to the public and/or listed on a stock 
exchange, as well as the document that is to be prepared in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation on an annual basis following the disclosure of the 
consolidated financial statement.
5.3 
The content of any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
34
6 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
[insert in case of Product Variant A:
PART A: PRODUCT CONDITIONS
1
Securities law, Definitions
1.1
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. is a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with its 
registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de 
Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B 199463 (the 
"Company"). The Company is a securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) 
within the meaning of the Luxembourg act on securitisations of 22 March 2004 (as 
amended) (the "Securitisation Act"), which acts in respect of its Compartment [●] 
(the "Compartment" or the "Issuer", respectively). The Company is subject to the 
supervision of the CSSF, which ascertains whether the Company complies with 
applicable statutory provisions and the resulting obligations. This supervision will 
continue until such time as the Company is liquidated.
1.2
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in an [in case of nominal quotation insert:
aggregate principal amount of up to [insert Issue Currency][●] (the "Aggregate
Principal Amount") and each Note with a principal amount of [insert Issue 
Currency][●]][in case of unit quotation insert: aggregate number of up to [insert 
aggregate amount of units] Notes ("Aggregate Number of Notes") at an issue price 
of [insert Issue Currency][●] per Note] (each a "Note", and together the "Notes"). 
1.3
The Issuer will grant to each holder of a Note (the "Noteholders" and each a 
"Noteholder") the right to demand from the Issuer in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions payment of a cash amount equal to the Redemption Amount.
1.4
The Issuer has authorised the Trustee under the Swiss law governed pledge 
agreement to act for the benefit of the Noteholders as a direct representative 
(direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of, amongst others, all 
Noteholders. Each Noteholder, by subscribing for or otherwise acquiring the Notes, 
authorises the Trustee to act as a direct representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the 
name and for the account of each Noteholder in accordance with the Swiss law 
governed pledge agreement.
1.5
[in case of an issuance in the form of a Global Note insert: The Notes will be 
represented by a global bearer certificate ("Global Note") and will comprise any 
Notes issued by the Issuer on the same terms and conditions. They will be divided 
into Notes ranking pari passu among themselves.][in case of an issuance in the 
form of a Crypto Security insert: The Notes will be represented by a Crypto 
Security and will comprise any Notes issued by the Issuer on the same terms and 
conditions. They will be divided into Notes ranking pari passu among themselves. 
The Notes will be issued by an entry into a Crypto Securities Register operated by 
the Crypto Registrar. The Noteholders are entered into the Crypto Securities 
Register as individual entries (Einzeleintragung) pursuant to Section 8 para. 1 no. 2 
eWpG (each unit entered into the recording system in the sense of the eWpG on 
behalf of the Issuer by a smart contract bearing the shortcut [●] representing the 
Noteholder's rights under one (1) Note, a "Token"). Any claim of the Noteholders to

--- Page 35 ---
35
request individual note certificates or to change the entry of the Crypto Securities 
from individual to collective entry (Sammeleintragung) is explicitly excluded. 
Pursuant to Section 6 para. 2 eWpG the Issuer may at any time during the lifecycle 
of the Notes replace – without the approval of the Noteholders – the Crypto 
Securities with materially identical Notes issued by way of a global bearer certificate 
("Global Note"). Such replacement will be published by the Issuer in accordance 
with section 14 (Notices) set forth in Part B of these Terms and Conditions.]
1.6
[in case of an issuance in the form of a Crypto Security insert: The Issuer 
explicitly retains the right to appoint a different Crypto Registrar without the approval 
of the Noteholders. Any resignation and appointment will be notified to the public 
without undue delay in accordance with section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and 
Conditions.]
1.7
[in case of nominal quotation insert: The Notes may only be transferred at a 
minimum tradable principal amount or any integral multiple thereof. The minimum 
tradable principal amount is [●].][in case of unit quotation insert: The Notes may 
only be transferred at a minimum tradable unit or any integral multiple thereof. The 
minimum tradable unit is [1][●].]
1.8
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, the following definitions will apply:
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing or the administrator or sponsor 
of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, 
or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Applicable Gold Price Fixing to perform its or 
their respective obligations under the Notes.
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing" means [the price fixing procedure for one fine troy 
ounce of gold expressed in USD conducted in accordance with the rules of the 
London Bullion Market Association (or a successor organisation representing market 
participants in the London gold trading market) ("LBMA") in respect of the action at 
or around [10:30h London Time][●] on each day on which the London Bullion Market 
or a successor market on which the market participants in the London gold trading 
market trade gold is open for trading][●]. 
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event" means: 
(i) 
a permanent or indefinite cessation in the provision of the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing by the relevant administrator of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
(and no successor administrator will continue to provide the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing); or
(ii) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event.
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source" means any screen or other source on which 
the Applicable Gold Price Fixing is expected to be displayed or published, as such 
screen or source may be replaced or succeeded pursuant to section 7 (Successor 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing or Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source and Applicable 
Gold Price Fixing Event).

--- Page 36 ---
36
"BGB" means the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).
"Business Day" means
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the commercial banks in 
[Luxembourg][,][ and] [Lichtenstein][,][ and] [Zurich] [and] [Düsseldorf][●] and 
the Clearing System are open for general business, and
[If the Issue Currency is Euro, the following provision applies:
(b) 
for the purpose of making payments in Euro, any day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2 System) is open.]
[If the Issue Currency is not Euro, the following provision applies:
(c) 
for the purpose of making payments, any day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the commercial banks in Frankfurt am Main[, in [●]] and 
the Clearing System are open for general business and on which the 
commercial banks in Frankfurt am Main may conduct foreign exchange 
transactions with the country in which the Issue Currency is the legal tender 
using the main payment systems.]
"Calculation Agent" means [Chartered Investment Germany GmbH][●] and any 
successor in such capacity.
[In case of unit quotation refer to the Calculation Amount:
"Calculation Amount" means the product of the Aggregate Number of Notes and 
[●].]
"Cash Account Bank" means [●] and any successor in such capacity.
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][●] and any successor in such capacity.
"Crypto Registrar" means E-SEC GmbH, Fürstenwall, 172a, 40217 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of Germany or any registrar appointed as a successor to it.
"Crypto Security" means a crypto security pursuant to Section 4 para. 3 of the 
eWpG. 
"Crypto Securities Register" means crypto securities register pursuant to Section 
16 eWpG.
"Default Period" means [10][●] Business Days.
"Depository Agent" means [Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative][EFG Bank 
AG][Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG][Bank Cler AG][Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG][Bank Julius 
Bär & Co. AG][BERGOS AG][Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG][Cornèr Banca 
SA][Rothschild & Co Bank AG][Migros Bank AG][LGT Bank AG][LGT Bank (Schweiz) 
AG][Bank Vontobel AG], being an institution for storing the Underlying on behalf of 
the Issuer.
"Disruption Event" has the meaning given to it in section 6.1 (Disruption Events). 
["Distributor" means [VP Bank AG][●] and any successor in such capacity.]

--- Page 37 ---
37
"eWpG" means the German Electronic Securities Act (Gesetz über elektronische 
Wertpapiere).
"Grace Period" means [10][●] Business Days.
["Initial Valuation Date" means [●].]
"Issue Currency" means the issue currency specified in the Final Terms.
"Issue Date" means the issue date specified in the Final Terms.
["Issuer Call Date" means [the last Business Day of each second calendar 
quarter][●].]
["Issuer Exercise Valuation Date" means the date falling on the [90th][●] Business 
Day after the Issuer Call Date.]
"Non-Disrupted Day" means the Issue Date and each day thereafter that is a 
Business Day and is not a Suspended Day or a day which falls within a Suspension 
Period. 
"Noteholder Custody Bank" means the relevant office of a securities custody 
account bank situated in the European Union and/or Switzerland and disclosed in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions and which agrees to take delivery of 
the Underlying on behalf of the relevant Noteholder.
["Noteholder Exercise Date" means [the last Business Day of each second quarter, 
beginning with the Initial Valuation Date][the last Business Day of each quarter, 
beginning with the Initial Valuation Date][●].]
["Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date" means the [fourth Business Day][●] 
following the Noteholder Exercise Date.]
"Paying Agent" means [Société Générale S.A., Frankfurt am Main][●], with its 
registered office at [●], and any person appointed as a successor to it. [in case of 
Notes listed on Six Swiss Exchange insert: For Notes listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange, Paying Agent means [●] [●], with its registered office at [●].]
["Payment Settlement Date" means the [third][●] Business Day following[in case 
of a Note represented by a Global Note insert: the Note to which the Redemption 
Request relates has been surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank][●]][ in case of a Crypto Security insert:,if the Note is represented 
by a Global Note, the Note to which the Redemption Request relates has been 
surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder Custody Bank][●], or, if the Note 
is in the form of a Crypto Security, the instruction to change the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership for the benefit of the Issuer over the Token 
representing the Note to which the Redemption Request relates has been received 
by the Crypto Registrar.]
["Redemption Amount" means the amount calculated according to section[s] 
[4.3][,][and][4.9][and][4.11] in the Issue Currency.]
"Required Threshold Amount" means at least 25% of the [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount][Aggregate Number of Notes] then outstanding.
"Security Agreements" means (i) the collateral trust agreement entered into 
between the Trustee and the Issuer in respect of the Notes, (ii) the pledge agreement

--- Page 38 ---
38
governed by Swiss law entered into between the Trustee, acting for itself (including 
as creditor of the Parallel Debt Obligation) and as direct representative (direkter 
Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of all other Collateralised Parties and 
the Issuer in relation to a pledge over the Underlying and the non-physical book entry 
gold of the Issuer and (iii) the cash account pledge agreement governed by 
Luxembourg law entered into between the Trustee and the Cash Account Bank, each 
as amended and restated from time to time.
"Servicer" means Chartered Investment Germany GmbH and any successor in such 
capacity.
["Structuring Advisor" means [VP Bank AG][●] and any successor in such 
capacity.]
"Trustee" means Chartered Investment Germany GmbH or a successor appointed 
in accordance with the Trust Agreement.
"Trust Agreement" means the trust agreement entered into between the Trustee 
and the Issuer dated [●] 2023.
"Underlying" means [insert manufacturer of the relevant gold product] gold [insert 
other designation for applicable type of gold] underlying the relevant Series of Notes.
2
Redemption
The Notes have no final maturity date and will not be redeemed except in accordance with 
the provision set out below.
3
[Intentionally left blank.]
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder
3.1 
The Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that the relevant Note is redeemed at 
its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such redemption claim, the Noteholder 
must submit to the Issuer a Redemption Request as defined in section 5.1 below. 
The Redemption Request must be received by the Issuer before or on the relevant 
Noteholder Exercise Date.
3.2 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in 
section 3.5 below, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
following receipt of the Redemption Request by the Issuer (the "Applicable Gold 
Price"). The gold price fixing can be viewed on [<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-
and-data/precious-metal-prices#>][●] with one day delay.
3.3 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, whereas:
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0);

--- Page 39 ---
39
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]]; 
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and]
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.
3.4 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Payment Settlement Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem 
the Note if the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change 
against proof of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit 
of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for 
such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must 
be submitted to such third party.]
3.5 
[Intentionally left blank.]
[In case of USD/EUR Exchange Rate insert:
"Exchange Rate" means the USD/EUR Exchange Rate (average rate) as of [10:00 
Eastern Standard Time][●] on the Payment Settlement Date as published by [the 
Federal Reserve Bank][●] on the Screen Page as defined below. 
"Screen Page" means [the page 1FED in the Reuters Monitor Service System][●] or 
any successor page. If, at the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the 
Payment Settlement Date, the Screen Page is not available, or if the USD/EUR 
Exchange Rate (average rate) is not displayed on the Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Exchange Rate by requesting the head office of each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide their respective average rates for the 
purchase of Euro against U.S. Dollar in respect of transactions with major banks on

--- Page 40 ---
40
the Payment Settlement Date. If two or more such average rates are quoted, the 
exchange rate for the Payment Settlement Date will be the arithmetic mean (if 
necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth of one percentage point, 
with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of such Exchange Rates. If less than two of such 
average rates are quoted, the Exchange Rate for the Payment Settlement Date will 
be the arithmetic mean (if necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth 
of one percentage point, with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of the average rates which 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent designate as the rate at which they 
conduct currency transactions involving the purchase of Euro against U.S. Dollar at 
about the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the Payment Settlement Date. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market of [the 
Eurozone and in New York][●], as selected by the Calculation Agent. If, pursuant to 
the rules of the LBMA the fixing of the price of one fine troy ounce of gold expressed 
in U.S. Dollar is conducted at a time other than 11:30 UTC, the Calculation Agent 
may replace the above Screen Page by such other screen page displaying a 
USD/EUR Exchange Rate (average rate) at that other time or immediately thereafter. 
Such replacement shall be published in accordance with section 14 (Notices).]
[In case of [USD/●] Exchange Rate insert:
"Exchange Rate" means the [USD/●] Exchange Rate (average rate) as of [10:00 
Eastern Standard Time][●] on the Payment Settlement Date as published by [the 
Federal Reserve Bank][●] on the Screen Page as defined below. 
"Screen Page" means [the page 1FED in the Reuters Monitor Service System][●] or 
any successor page. If, at the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the 
Payment Settlement Date, the Screen Page is not available, or if the [USD/●] 
Exchange Rate (average rate) is not displayed on the Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Exchange Rate by requesting the head office of each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide their respective average rates for the 
purchase of [●] against USD in respect of transactions with major banks on the 
Payment Settlement Date. If two or more such average rates are quoted, the 
exchange rate for the Payment Settlement Date will be the arithmetic mean (if 
necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth of one percentage point, 
with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of such Exchange Rates. If less than two of such 
average rates are quoted, the Exchange Rate for the Payment Settlement Date will 
be the arithmetic mean (if necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth 
of one percentage point, with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of the average rates which 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent designate as the rate at which they 
conduct currency transactions involving the purchase of [●] against USD at about 
the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the Payment Settlement Date. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market of [the 
Eurozone and in New York][●], as selected by the Calculation Agent. If, pursuant to 
the rules of the LBMA the fixing of the price of one fine troy ounce of gold expressed 
in U.S. Dollar is conducted at a time other than 11:30 UTC, the Calculation Agent 
may replace the above Screen Page by such other screen page displaying a [USD/●] 
Exchange Rate (average rate) at that other time or immediately thereafter. Such 
replacement shall be published in accordance with section 14 (Notices).]]
4
[Intentionally left blank.]

--- Page 41 ---
41
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
[Insert this Option A in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes at the 
Redemption Amount:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes at the 
Redemption Amount. 
4.2 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in 
section 3.5, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
prior to the Issuer Call Date (the "Applicable Gold Price"). The gold price fixing can 
be 
viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-
prices#>][●] with one day delay.
4.3 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee")

--- Page 42 ---
42
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent. 
4.4 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and 
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]]
[Insert this Option B in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes against 
delivery of the Underlying:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes against delivery 
of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant Delivery Settlement Quantity. In order 
for the Issuer to redeem the Notes against delivery of the Underlying, the Noteholder 
must submit a Delivery Notice as defined in section 5.6.
4.2 
The "Delivery Settlement Quantity" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:
[In case of Option B 1 (true agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after the Issue Date]; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage):

--- Page 43 ---
43
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(i) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(ii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.]
[In case of Option B 2 (concurrent agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after (i) in case of the initial Noteholder, the Initial Valuation Date or (ii) in 
case of any subsequent Noteholder, the relevant Record Date of such Noteholder];
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent; and
"Record Date" means the date of the acquisition of the Note in the secondary market 
by the relevant Noteholder as evidenced in the Delivery Notice as defined in 
section 5.6.]   
4.3 
[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, 
the Issuer shall only be obliged to deliver the Underlying if the Noteholder issues an 
instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof of delivery effected on

--- Page 44 ---
44
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]If the 
Noteholder fails to submit a Delivery Notice, the Issuer may (but is not required to) 
redeem the Notes against payment of the Redemption Amount as calculated in 
section 4.9. Any direct costs related to such failure will be borne by the Noteholder.
4.4 
If the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be settled entirely by using market-
standard gold bars for Underlying, any amount (being rounded down at the third 
decimal place) exceeding the amount that can be settled by using market-standard 
gold bars, will be settled in cash. In case the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be 
settled by using market-standard gold bars for Underlying at all, the Delivery 
Settlement Quantity will be settled in cash. The cash settlement amount will be 
determined in accordance with the procedure set out in sections 4.7 - 4.10.
4.5 
The delivery of the Underlying will take place at the offices of the relevant Noteholder 
Custody Bank. All costs relating to the physical delivery of the Underlying, such as 
(without limitation) costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank, costs for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, 
costs of insurance during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any) will be 
borne by the Noteholder.
4.6 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant amount of the Delivery Settlement Quantity upon delivery of the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The Depository Agent will temporarily store 
the Underlying on behalf of the Issuer until delivery of the Underlying by the 
Depository Agent at the Noteholder Custody Bank. If the Depository Agent is 
prevented from delivering the Underlying due to legal or other reasons, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes against payment of cash.
4.7 
If a Noteholder is prevented from taking delivery of the Underlying for regulatory or 
legal reasons applicable to him, such Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that 
the relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such 
redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] 
a written request for substitution of delivery with payment of cash to be forwarded to 
[the Calculation Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.5 (the 
"Substitution Redemption Request").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also 
submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment 
effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of 
ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto 
Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has 
notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third 
party.] The Substitution Redemption Request must be received by the [Calculation 
Agent][●] no later than the [10th][●] Business Day after the relevant Noteholder has 
received the early repayment notice. 
4.8 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in

--- Page 45 ---
45
section 3.5, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
following receipt of the Substitution Redemption Request by the Issuer (the 
"Applicable Gold 
Price"). The 
gold 
price fixing can be viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-prices#>][●] with one day 
delay.
4.9 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, to the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.
4.10 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and

--- Page 46 ---
46
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]]
[Insert this Option C in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes at the 
Redemption Amount or against delivery of the Underlying:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes at the option of 
each Noteholder at the Redemption Amount or against delivery of the Underlying. To 
exercise such option, the Noteholder must submit to the Issuer, in accordance with 
section 14 (Notices), a determination with respect to the payment of cash or delivery 
of the Underlying within [5][●] Business Days following an early redemption notice 
by the Issuer (the "Redemption Determination") and[in case of a Note 
represented by a Global Note insert: surrender the Notes to the [Paying Agent 
through the Noteholder Custody Bank][●][in case of Crypto Securities insert:, if 
the Note is represented by a Global Note, surrender the Notes to the [Paying Agent 
through the Noteholder Custody Bank][●], or, if the Note to be redeemed is in the 
form of a Crypto Security, submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change 
against proof of payment or delivery effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto 
Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for 
the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a 
recipient for such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such 
instruction must be submitted to such third party]. If the Noteholder determines that 
the relevant Notes be redeemed against delivery of the Underlying, such Noteholder 
must submit a Delivery Notice as defined in section 5.6.
4.2 
If the Noteholder fails to submit a Redemption Determination in accordance with 
section 4.1, the Issuer may make such determination on its own discretion according 
to § 315 BGB.
4.3 
In the event a Redemption Determination is made in favour of delivery of the 
Underlying, the Issuer may redeem the Notes against delivery of the Underlying in 
an amount of the relevant Delivery Settlement Quantity. 
4.4 
The "Delivery Settlement Quantity" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:
[In case of Option C 1 (true agio) insert: 
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the

--- Page 47 ---
47
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after the Issue Date]; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.]
[In case of Option C 2 (concurrent agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]].
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after (i) in case of the initial Noteholder, the Initial Valuation Date or (ii) 
in case of any subsequent Noteholder, the relevant Record Date of such Noteholder];
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the

--- Page 48 ---
48
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent; and
"Record Date" means the date of the acquisition of the Note in the secondary market 
by the relevant Noteholder as evidenced in the Delivery Notice as defined in 
section 5.6.]   
4.5 
[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, 
the Issuer shall only be obliged to deliver the Underlying if the Noteholder issues an 
instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof of delivery effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]If the 
Noteholder fails to submit a Delivery Notice, the Issuer may (but is not required to) 
redeem the Notes against payment of the Redemption Amount as calculated in 
section 4.11. Any direct costs related to such failure will be borne by the Noteholder.
4.6 
If the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be settled entirely by using market-
standard gold bars for the Underlying, any amount (being rounded down at the third 
decimal place) exceeding the amount that can be settled by using market-standard 
gold bars, will be settled in cash. In case the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be 
settled by using market-standard gold bars for the Underlying at all, the Delivery 
Settlement Quantity will be settled in cash. The cash settlement amount will be 
determined in accordance with the procedure set out in sections 4.9 – 4.12.
4.7 
The delivery of the Underlying will take place at the offices of the relevant Noteholder 
Custody Bank. All costs relating to the physical delivery of the Underlying, such as 
(without limitation) costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank, costs for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, 
costs of insurance during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any) will be 
borne by the Noteholder.
4.8 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant amount of the Delivery Settlement Quantity upon delivery of the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The Depository Agent will temporarily store 
the Underlying on behalf of the Issuer until delivery of the Underlying by the 
Depository Agent at the Noteholder Custody Bank. If the Depository Agent is 
prevented from delivering the Underlying due to legal or other reasons, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes against payment of cash.
4.9 
If a Noteholder is prevented from taking delivery of the Underlying for regulatory or 
legal reasons applicable to him, such Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that 
the relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such 
redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] 
a written request for substitution of delivery with payment of cash to be forwarded to 
[the Calculation Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.5 (the 
"Substitution Redemption Request").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also 
submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment 
effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of 
ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto

--- Page 49 ---
49
Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has 
notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third 
party.] The Substitution Redemption Request must be received by the [Calculation 
Agent][●] no later than the [10th][●] Business Day after the relevant Noteholder has 
received the early repayment notice. 
4.10 
In case of a Substitution Redemption Request or in the event a Redemption 
Determination is made in favour of payment of cash, the Issuer may redeem a Note 
against payment of cash. The Redemption Amount payable in respect of the Note 
shall be determined by reference to the applicable gold price as expressed in USD 
per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] 
amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in section 3.5, the resulting amount 
being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The relevant Redemption Amount will be 
limited to the amount realised from the sale of the Underlying underlying the relevant 
Note. The calculation of the applicable gold price will be based on the Applicable 
Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day following receipt of the Substitution 
Redemption Request or Redemption Determination, as applicable, by the Issuer (the 
"Applicable Gold 
Price"). The 
gold 
price fixing can be viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-prices#>][●] with one day 
delay.
4.11 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee")

--- Page 50 ---
50
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent. 
4.12
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and 
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]]]
5
[Intentionally left blank.]
[Formal Requirements of Requests
[In case Section 3 is applicable, insert:
5.1
Redemption Request
In the event the Noteholder demands from the Issuer that the relevant Note is 
redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount, to assert such redemption claim, the 
Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] a written redemption 
request pursuant to section 14 (Notices) to be forwarded to [the Calculation Agent 
and the Paying Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.2 below (the 
"Redemption Request"). [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note to be 
redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also submit to the 
Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.] 
5.2
The Redemption Request must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder;
(ii) 
The number of Notes in relation to which the payment claim is being 
asserted;
(iii) 
A bank account maintained in [EUR][USD][●] to which the Redemption 
Amount shall be transferred.
5.3
Intentionally left blank.
5.4
Intentionally left blank.]
[in case Section 4 Option B or Section 4 Option C is applicable, insert: 
5.5
The Substitution Redemption Request must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder;

--- Page 51 ---
51
(ii) 
The number of Notes in relation to which the payment claim is being 
asserted;
(iii) 
A bank account maintained in [EUR][USD][●] to which the Redemption 
Amount shall be transferred; and
(iv) 
A statement demonstrating that the Noteholder is prevented from taking 
delivery of the Underlying due to legal or regulatory reasons applicable to 
him. 
5.6
Delivery Notice
In the event a notice needs to be provided for the delivery of the Underlying, such 
notice must be sent to the Issuer in accordance with section 14 (Notices) by the 
relevant Noteholder within [10][●][Business Days][calendar days] upon reception of 
the notice of the early redemption of the Notes by the Issuer in accordance with 
section 4.1 (the "Delivery Notice"). [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note 
to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also submit 
to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of delivery effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]
5.7
The Delivery Notice must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder; [and]
(ii) 
The Noteholder Custody Bank[;] [and]
[in case Section 4 Option B 2 (concurrent agio) or Section 4 Option C 2 
(concurrent agio) is applicable, insert:
(iii) 
Evidence of the date of acquisition of the Note by the relevant Noteholder in 
the form of an account statement or similar].]]
6
Disruption Events and Postponement or Suspension
6.1
Disruption Events
The Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to), with respect to any day, determine 
that one or more of the following disruption events has occurred or exists on such 
day (each such event a "Disruption Event"):
(i) 
trading and/or settlement in gold is subject to a material suspension or 
material limitation on the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other 
primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of gold; or 
(ii) 
the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other primary exchange or 
trading facility for the trading of gold is not open for trading for any reason 
(including a scheduled closure); or
(iii) 
trading in gold on such over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other 
primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of gold has been 
permanently discontinued or has disappeared. 
6.2
Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices

--- Page 52 ---
52
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or 
exists with respect to any day, it may (but shall not be obliged to), if a 
Disruption Event falls on such date, on the immediately following Business 
Day give notice of the postponement and/or suspension of: 
(a) 
[the relevant Noteholder Exercise Date][Intentionally left blank];
(b) 
[the calculation of the relevant Applicable Gold Price][Intentionally left 
blank];
(c) 
[In case Section 4 Option B or Section 4 Option C is applicable, 
insert: the relevant Issuer Exercise Valuation Date][Intentionally left 
blank];
(d) 
[the relevant Payment Settlement Date][Intentionally left blank]; or
(e) 
[the relevant Issuer Call Date][Intentionally left blank],
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent, specifying: 
(a) 
the Disruption Event which has occurred or is existing on the relevant 
day;
(b) 
whether the suspension and/or postponement relating to such 
Disruption Event will be in respect of a single day (a "Suspended 
Day") or for as long as the Disruption Event continues (a 
"Suspension Period"); and
(c) 
which of the dates set out in section 6.2(i) [[(a)][●] to [(e)][●]][●] will 
be postponed and/or suspended on such Suspended Day or during 
such Suspended Period, as applicable and, in determining this, the 
Calculation Agent shall consider whether the relevant Disruption 
Event would disrupt the actions required to be performed by the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Depository 
Agent or the Noteholders in connection with the redemption of the 
Notes,
such notice, a "Suspension Notice". If the Suspension Notice is in respect 
of a Suspension Period, such period will end when the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer and the Paying Agent that such suspension and/or 
postponement is over.
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not 
a Disruption Event is continuing with respect to any day unless a Suspension 
Notice has been given in respect of a Suspension Period in which case the 
Calculation Agent's obligation to monitor the relevant Disruption Event will 
continue until it has determined that such Disruption Event has ceased 
following which it will give notification of the end of the Suspension Period in 
accordance with section (i). The Calculation Agent shall have no liability to 
the Issuer or any other person for any determination or non-determination 
that it makes in respect of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event.
6.3
Postponement relating to the Redemption of the Notes
(i) 
If, in respect of a Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent has specified in the 
related Suspension Notice that one of the dates listed in section 6.2(i)

--- Page 53 ---
53
[[(a)][●] to [(e)][●]][●] (a "Disruption Postponable Date") shall be postponed 
until following the end of the Suspended Day or Suspension Period, then if 
any Disruption Postponable Date does occur on the Suspended Day or 
during the Suspension Period, such Disruption Postponable Date shall be 
deemed to have been postponed until the first following Non-Disrupted Day, 
provided that if no such Non-Disrupted Day has occurred on or prior to the 
10th Business Day following such Disruption Postponable Date, the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in consultation with the Calculation Agent, shall 
determine an appropriate method for redeeming the Notes and determining 
the dates listed in section 6.2(i) [[(a)][●] to [(e)][●]][●], as applicable, for the 
purposes of such redemption of the Notes (a "Disrupted Redemption 
Method"). For the avoidance of doubt, if any Disruption Postponable Date is 
postponed in accordance with this section 6.3(i), then any other dates or 
periods determined by reference to such Disruption Postponable Date that 
have yet to occur or conclude as at the time of such postponement shall also 
be postponed or adjusted accordingly.
(ii) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following determination 
of any Disrupted Redemption Method, notify the [Calculation Agent][,] [the 
Paying Agent] and the Noteholders of the details of such Disrupted 
Redemption Method in accordance with section 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
No additional amount shall be payable or deliverable to any Noteholder in 
connection with any postponement to the timing, or any amendment to the 
method, in each case in accordance with section (i).
7
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing or Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source and 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event
7.1
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing
If on any Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing has been replaced by a successor price acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, then the Calculation Agent shall notify such determination to the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent and, with effect from the first Business Day following the date of 
such notice, such successor price shall be deemed to be the Applicable Gold Price 
Fixing for the purposes of the Notes but provided that it shall not affect any 
calculations or determinations already made using the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
being replaced. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, notify 
the Noteholders of the same in accordance with section 14 (Notices).
7.2
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source
If on any Business Day the Calculation Agent determines that the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing Source no longer allows for the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
notwithstanding that the Applicable Gold Price Fixing continues to be determined, 
then the Calculation Agent will notify such determination to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent specifying a replacement price source that does display such Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing and, with effect from the first Business Day following the date of such 
notice, such successor price source shall be deemed to be the Applicable Gold Price 
Fixing Source for the purposes of the Notes but provided that it shall not affect any 
calculations or determinations already made using the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
displayed on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source being replaced. The Issuer

--- Page 54 ---
54
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, notify the Noteholders of the 
same in accordance with section 14 (Notices).
7.3
Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event
If at any time the Calculation Agent determines that an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event has occurred and gives notice of such determination (including a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer and the 
Paying Agent, then for the purposes of the Notes, the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
shall be: 
(i) 
such other reference price for the Underlying as the Calculation Agent 
determines has replaced the Applicable Gold Price Fixing in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining a reference price for such 
Underlying in the primary over-the-counter market, exchange or trading 
facility for the trading of the Underlying; or
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no replacement reference 
price that can be determined in accordance with section 6.3(i), then such 
other reference price for the Underlying as the Calculation Agent determines 
as most comparable to the Applicable Gold Price Fixing acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner,
(the "Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing") provided that in each case, the 
Calculation Agent must also have determined that no Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event would have occurred or be occurring in respect of such Replacement 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing if such Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing were 
the Applicable Gold Price Fixing. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable following notification of the occurrence of an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event, give notice of the Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing determined by it 
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent.
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any other person shall have any duty 
to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event has occurred.]

--- Page 55 ---
55
[Insert in case of Product Variant B:
PART A: PRODUCT CONDITIONS
1
Securities law, Definitions
1.1
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. is a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with its 
registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de 
Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B 199463 (the 
"Company"). The Company is a securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) 
within the meaning of the Luxembourg act on securitisations of 22 March 2004 (as 
amended) (the "Securitisation Act"), which acts in respect of its Compartment [●] 
(the "Compartment" or the "Issuer", respectively). The Company is subject to the 
supervision of the CSSF, which ascertains whether the Company complies with 
applicable statutory provisions and the resulting obligations. This supervision will 
continue until such time as the Company is liquidated.
1.2
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in an [in case of nominal quotation insert:
aggregate principal amount of up to [insert Issue Currency][●] (the "Aggregate
Principal Amount") and each Note with a principal amount of [insert Issue 
Currency][●]][in case of unit quotation insert: aggregate number of up to [insert 
aggregate amount of units] Notes ("Aggregate Number of Notes") at an issue price 
of [insert Issue Currency][●] per Note] (each a "Note", and together the "Notes"). 
1.3
The Issuer will grant to each holder of a Note (the "Noteholders" and each a 
"Noteholder") the right to demand from the Issuer in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions delivery of a quantity of the Underlying.
1.4
[in case of an issuance in the form of a Global Note insert: The Notes will be 
represented by a global bearer certificate ("Global Note") and will comprise any 
Notes issued by the Issuer on the same terms and conditions. They will be divided 
into Notes ranking pari passu among themselves.][in case of an issuance in the 
form of a Crypto Security insert: The Notes will be represented by a Crypto 
Security and will comprise any Notes issued by the Issuer on the same terms and 
conditions. They will be divided into Notes ranking pari passu among themselves. 
The Notes will be issued by an entry into a Crypto Securities Register operated by 
the Crypto Registrar. The Noteholders are entered into the Crypto Securities 
Register as individual entries (Einzeleintragung) pursuant to Section 8 para. 1 no. 2 
eWpG (each unit entered into the recording system in the sense of the eWpG on 
behalf of the Issuer by a smart contract bearing the shortcut [●] representing the 
Noteholder's rights under one (1) Note, a "Token"). Any claim of the Noteholders to 
request individual note certificates or to change the entry of the Crypto Securities 
from individual to collective entry (Sammeleintragung) is explicitly excluded. 
Pursuant to Section 6 para. 2 eWpG the Issuer may at any time during the lifecycle 
of the Notes replace – without the approval of the Noteholders – the Crypto 
Securities with materially identical Notes issued by way of a global bearer certificate 
("Global Note"). Such replacement will be published by the Issuer in accordance 
with section 14 (Notices) set forth in Part B of these Terms and Conditions.] 
1.5
[in case of an issuance in the form of a Crypto Security insert: The Issuer 
explicitly retains the right to appoint a different Crypto Registrar without the approval

--- Page 56 ---
56
of the Noteholders. Any resignation and appointment will be notified to the public 
without undue delay in accordance with section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and 
Conditions.] 
1.6 
[in case of nominal quotation insert: The Notes may only be transferred at a 
minimum tradable principal amount or any integral multiple thereof. The minimum 
tradable principal amount is [●].][in case of unit quotation insert: The Notes may 
only be transferred at a minimum tradable unit or any integral multiple thereof. The 
minimum tradable unit is [1][●].]
1.7
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, the following definitions will apply:
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing or the administrator or sponsor 
of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, 
or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Applicable Gold Price Fixing to perform its or 
their respective obligations under the Notes.
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing" means [the price fixing procedure for one fine troy 
ounce of gold expressed in USD conducted in accordance with the rules of the 
London Bullion Market Association or a successor organisation representing market 
participants in the London gold trading market ("LBMA") in respect of the action at 
or around [10:30h London Time][●] on each day on which the London Bullion Market 
or a successor market on which the market participants in the London gold trading 
market trade gold is open for trading][●]. 
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event" means: 
(i) 
a permanent or indefinite cessation in the provision of the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing by the relevant administrator of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
(and no successor administrator will continue to provide the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing); or
(ii) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event.
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source" means any screen or other source on which 
the Applicable Gold Price Fixing is expected to be displayed or published, as such 
screen or source may be replaced or succeeded pursuant to section 7 (Successor 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing or Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source and Applicable 
Gold Price Fixing Event).
"BGB" means the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).
"Business Day" means
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the commercial banks in 
[Luxembourg][,][ and] [Lichtenstein][,][ and] [Zurich] [and] [Düsseldorf][●] and 
the Clearing System are open for general business, and
[If the Issue Currency is Euro, the following provision applies:

--- Page 57 ---
57
(b) 
for the purpose of making payments in Euro, any day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2 System) is open.]
[If the Issue Currency is not Euro, the following provision applies:
(b) 
for the purpose of making payments, any day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the commercial banks in Frankfurt am Main[, in [●]] and 
the Clearing System are open for general business and on which the 
commercial banks in Frankfurt am Main may conduct foreign exchange 
transactions with the country in which the Issue Currency is the legal tender 
using the main payment systems.]
"Calculation Agent" means [Chartered Investment Germany GmbH][●] and any 
successor in such capacity.
[In case of unit quotation refer to the Calculation Amount:
"Calculation Amount" means the product of the Aggregate Number of Notes and 
[●].]
"Cash Account Bank" means [●] and any successor in such capacity.
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][●] and any successor in such capacity.
"Crypto Registrar" means E-SEC GmbH, Fürstenwall, 172a, 40217 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of Germany or any registrar appointed as a successor to it.
"Crypto Security means a crypto security pursuant to Section 4 para. 3 of the 
eWpG. 
"Crypto Securities Register" means crypto securities register pursuant to Section 
16 eWpG.
"Default Period" means [10][●] Business Days.
["Delivery Settlement Date" means a Business Day at the place of business of the 
Noteholder Custody Bank not before the [10th][●] Business Day following[in case of 
a Note represented by a Global Note insert: the Note to which the Delivery 
Request relates has been surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank][●]][in case of a Crypto Security insert:,if the Note is represented 
by a Global Note, the Note to which the Delivery Request relates has been 
surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder Custody Bank][●], or, if the Note 
is in the form of a Crypto Security, the instruction to change the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership for the benefit of the Issuer over the Token 
representing the Note to which the Delivery Request relates has been received by 
the Crypto Registrar.]
"Depository Agent" means [Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative][EFG Bank 
AG][Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG][Bank Cler AG][Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG][Bank Julius 
Bär & Co. AG][BERGOS AG][Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG][Cornèr Banca 
SA][Rothschild & Co Bank AG][Migros Bank AG][LGT Bank AG][LGT Bank (Schweiz) 
AG][Bank Vontobel AG], being an institution for storing the Underlying on behalf of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 58 ---
58
"Disruption Event" has the meaning given to it in section 6.1 (Disruption Events). 
["Distributor" means [VP Bank AG][●] and any successor in such capacity.]
"eWpG" means the German Electronic Securities Act (Gesetz über elektronische 
Wertpapiere).
"Grace Period" means [10][●] Business Days.
["Initial Valuation Date" means [●].
"Issue Currency" means the issue currency specified in the Final Terms.]
"Issue Date" means the issue date specified in the Final Terms.
["Issuer Call Date" means [the last Business Day of each second calendar 
quarter][●].]
["Issuer Exercise Valuation Date" means the date falling on the [90th][●] Business 
Day after the Issuer Call Date.]
"Non-Disrupted Day" means the Issue Date and each day thereafter that is a 
Business Day and is not a Suspended Day or a day which falls within a Suspension 
Period. 
"Noteholder Custody Bank" means the relevant office of a securities custody 
account bank situated in the European Union and/or Switzerland and disclosed in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions and which agrees to take delivery of 
the Underlying on behalf of the relevant Noteholder.
["Noteholder Exercise Date" means [the last Business Day of each second quarter, 
beginning with the Initial Valuation Date][the last Business Day of each quarter, 
beginning with the Initial Valuation Date][●].]
["Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date" means the [fourth Business Day][●] 
following the Noteholder Exercise Date.]
"Paying Agent" means [Société Générale S.A., Frankfurt am Main][●], with its 
registered office at [●], and any person appointed as a successor to it. [in case of 
Notes listed on Six Swiss Exchange insert: For Notes listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange, Paying Agent means [●] [●], with its registered office at [●].]
["Payment Settlement Date" means the [third][●] Business Day following[in case 
of a Note represented by a Global Note insert: the Note to which the Redemption 
Request relates has been surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank][●]][in case of a Crypto Security insert:,if the Note is represented 
by a Global Note, the Note to which the Redemption Request relates has been 
surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder Custody Bank][●], or, if the Note 
is in the form of a Crypto Security, the instruction to change the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership for the benefit of the Issuer over the Token 
representing the Note to which the Redemption Request relates has been received 
by the Crypto Registrar.] 
["Redemption Amount" means the amount calculated according to section[s] 
[4.3][,][and][4.9][and][4.11] in the Issue Currency.]

--- Page 59 ---
59
"Required Threshold Amount" means at least 25% of the [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount][Aggregate Number of Notes] then outstanding.
"Security Agreements" means (i) the collateral trust agreement entered into 
between the Trustee and the Issuer in respect of the Notes, (ii) the pledge agreement 
governed by Swiss law entered into between the Trustee, acting for itself (including 
as creditor of the Parallel Debt Obligation) and as direct representative (direkter 
Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of all other Collateralised Parties and 
the Issuer in relation to a pledge over the Underlying and the non-physical book entry 
gold of the Issuer and (iii) the cash account pledge agreement governed by 
Luxembourg law entered into between the Trustee and the Cash Account Bank, each 
as amended and restated from time to time.
"Servicer" means Chartered Investment Germany GmbH and any successor in such 
capacity.
["Structuring Advisor" means [VP Bank AG][●] and any successor in such 
capacity.]
"Trustee" means Chartered Investment Germany GmbH or a successor appointed 
in accordance with the Trust Agreement.
"Trust Agreement" means the trust agreement entered into between the Trustee 
and the Issuer dated [●] 2023.
"Underlying" means [insert manufacturer of the relevant gold product] gold [insert 
other designation for applicable type of gold] underlying the relevant Series of Notes.
2
Redemption
The Notes have no final maturity date and will not be redeemed except in accordance with 
the provision set out below.
3
[Intentionally left blank.]
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder
3.1 
The Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that the relevant Note is redeemed 
against delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant Delivery Settlement 
Quantity. To assert such delivery claim, the Noteholder must submit to the Issuer a 
Delivery Request as defined in section 5.3 below. 
3.2 
The "Delivery Settlement Quantity" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:
[In case of Product Variant B 1 (true agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of [the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert:

--- Page 60 ---
60
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the 
period of one (1) year after the Issue Date]; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.]
[In case of Product Variant B 2 (concurrent agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the 
period of one (1) year after (i) in case of the initial holder of the Note, the Initial 
Valuation Date or (ii) in case of any subsequent holder of the Note, the relevant 
Record Date of such Noteholder]; 
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]

--- Page 61 ---
61
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent; and
"Record Date" means the date of acquisition of the relevant Notes in the secondary 
market by the relevant Noteholder as evidenced in the Delivery Request as specified 
in section 5.3.]   
3.3 
If the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be settled entirely by using market-
standard gold bars for the Underlying, any amount (being rounded down at the third 
decimal place) exceeding the amount that can be settled by using market-standard 
gold bars, will be settled in cash. In case the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be 
settled by using market-standard gold bars for the Underlying at all, the Delivery 
Settlement Quantity will be settled in cash. The cash settlement amount will be 
determined in accordance with the procedure set out in sections 3.7 - 3.10.
3.4 
The Delivery Request must be received by the Issuer before or on the relevant 
Noteholder Exercise Date. The Issuer shall not be required to deliver the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder before the Delivery Settlement Date. [in case of Crypto 
Securities insert: If the Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only 
be obliged to redeem the Note if the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto 
Registrar to change against proof of delivery effected on behalf of the Issuer the 
Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective 
Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party 
as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such 
instruction must be submitted to such third party.]
3.5 
The delivery of the Underlying will take place at the offices of the relevant Noteholder 
Custody Bank. All costs relating to the physical delivery of the Underlying, such as 
(without limitation) costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank, costs for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, 
costs of insurance during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any) will be 
borne by the Noteholder.
3.6 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant amount of the Delivery Settlement Quantity upon delivery of the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The Depository Agent will temporarily store 
the Underlying on behalf of the Issuer until delivery of the Underlying by the 
Depository Agent at the Noteholder Custody Bank. If the Depository Agent is 
prevented from delivering the Underlying due to legal or other reasons, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes against payment of cash.
3.7 
If a Noteholder is prevented from taking delivery of the Underlying for regulatory or 
legal reasons applicable to him, such Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that 
the relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such 
redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] 
a written request for substitution of delivery with payment of cash to be forwarded to 
[the Calculation Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.5 (the

--- Page 62 ---
62
"Substitution Redemption Request").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also 
submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment 
effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of 
ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto 
Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has 
notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third 
party.] The Substitution Redemption Request must be received by the [Calculation 
Agent][●] no later than the [10th][●] Business Day after the relevant Noteholder 
Exercise Date, if the Noteholder learns of the legal impossibility applicable to him 
taking delivery of the Underlying after the timely submission of a Delivery Request.
3.8 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in [●] per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in 
section 3.11 below, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
following receipt of the Substitution Redemption Request by the Issuer (the 
"Applicable Gold 
Price"). The 
gold 
price fixing can be viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-prices#>][●] with one day 
delay.
3.9 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]

--- Page 63 ---
63
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.
3.10 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Payment Settlement Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem 
the Note if the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change 
against proof of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit 
of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for 
such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must 
be submitted to such third party.]
3.11 
[Intentionally left blank.]
[In case of USD/EUR Exchange Rate insert:
"Exchange Rate" means the USD/EUR Exchange Rate (average rate) as of 
[10:00 Eastern Standard Time][●] on the Payment Settlement Date as published by 
[the Federal Reserve Bank][●] on the Screen Page as defined below. 
"Screen Page" means [the page 1FED in the Reuters Monitor Service System][●] or 
any successor page. If, at the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the 
Payment Settlement Date, the Screen Page is not available, or if the USD/EUR 
Exchange Rate (average rate) is not displayed on the Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Exchange Rate by requesting the head office of each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide their respective average rates for the 
purchase of Euro against U.S. Dollar in respect of transactions with major banks on 
the Payment Settlement Date. If two or more such average rates are quoted, the 
exchange rate for the Payment Settlement Date will be the arithmetic mean (if 
necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth of one percentage point, 
with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of such Exchange Rates. If less than two of such 
average rates are quoted, the Exchange Rate for the Payment Settlement Date will 
be the arithmetic mean (if necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth 
of one percentage point, with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of the average rates which 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent designate as the rate at which they 
conduct currency transactions involving the purchase of Euro against U.S. Dollar at 
about the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the Payment Settlement Date. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market of [the 
Eurozone and in New York][●], as selected by the Calculation Agent. If, pursuant to 
the rules of the LBMA the fixing of the price of one fine troy ounce of gold expressed 
in U.S. Dollar is conducted at a time other than 11:30 UTC, the Calculation Agent 
may replace the above Screen Page by such other screen page displaying a 
USD/EUR Exchange Rate (average rate) at that other time or immediately thereafter. 
Such replacement shall be published in accordance with section 14 (Notices).]
[In case of [USD/●] Exchange Rate insert:

--- Page 64 ---
64
"Exchange Rate" means the [USD/●] Exchange Rate (average rate) as of [10:00 
Eastern Standard Time][●] on the Payment Settlement Date as published by [the 
Federal Reserve Bank][●] on the Screen Page as defined below. 
"Screen Page" means [the page 1FED in the Reuters Monitor Service System][●] or 
any successor page. If, at the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the 
Payment Settlement Date, the Screen Page is not available, or if the [USD/●] 
Exchange Rate (average rate) is not displayed on the Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Exchange Rate by requesting the head office of each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide their respective average rates for the 
purchase of [●] against USD in respect of transactions with major banks on the 
Payment Settlement Date. If two or more such average rates are quoted, the 
exchange rate for the Payment Settlement Date will be the arithmetic mean (if 
necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth of one percentage point, 
with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of such Exchange Rates. If less than two of such 
average rates are quoted, the Exchange Rate for the Payment Settlement Date will 
be the arithmetic mean (if necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth 
of one percentage point, with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of the average rates which 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent designate as the rate at which they 
conduct currency transactions involving the purchase of [●] against USD at about 
the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the Payment Settlement Date. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market of [the 
Eurozone and in New York][●], as selected by the Calculation Agent. If, pursuant to 
the rules of the LBMA the fixing of the price of one fine troy ounce of gold expressed 
in U.S. Dollar is conducted at a time other than 11:30 UTC, the Calculation Agent 
may replace the above Screen Page by such other screen page displaying a [USD/●] 
Exchange Rate (average rate) at that other time or immediately thereafter. Such 
replacement shall be published in accordance with section 14 (Notices).]]
4
[Intentionally left blank.]
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
[Insert this Option A in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes at the 
Redemption Amount:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes at the 
Redemption Amount. 
4.2 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in 
section 3.11, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
prior to the Issuer Call Date (the "Applicable Gold Price"). The gold price fixing can 
be 
viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-
prices#>][●] with one day delay.

--- Page 65 ---
65
4.3 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent. 
4.4 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and 
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]] 
[Insert this Option B in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes against 
delivery of the Underlying:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes against delivery 
of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant Delivery Settlement Quantity. In order

--- Page 66 ---
66
for the Issuer to redeem the Notes against delivery of the Underlying, the Noteholder 
must submit a Delivery Notice as defined in section 5.6.
4.2 
The "Delivery Settlement Quantity" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:
[In case of Option B 1 (true agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date] the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after the Issue Date]; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.]
[In case of Option B 2 (concurrent agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0);

--- Page 67 ---
67
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after (i) in case of the initial Noteholder, the Initial Valuation Date or (ii) in 
case of any subsequent Noteholder, the relevant Record Date of such Noteholder];
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.
"Record Date" means the date of the acquisition of the Note in the secondary market 
by the relevant Noteholder as evidenced in the Delivery Notice as defined in 
section 5.6.]   
4.3 
[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, 
the Issuer shall only be obliged to deliver the Underlying if the Noteholder issues an 
instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof of delivery effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]If the 
Noteholder fails to submit a Delivery Notice, the Issuer may (but is not required to) 
redeem the Notes against payment of the Redemption Amount as calculated in 
section 4.9. Any direct costs related to such failure will be borne by the Noteholder.
4.4 
If the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be settled entirely by using market-
standard gold bars for Underlying, any amount (being rounded down at the third 
decimal place) exceeding the amount that can be settled by using market-standard 
gold bars, will be settled in cash. In case the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be 
settled by using market-standard gold bars for Underlying at all, the Delivery 
Settlement Quantity will be settled in cash. The cash settlement amount will be 
determined in accordance with the procedure set out in sections 4.7 – 4.10.
4.5 
The delivery of the Underlying will take place at the offices of the relevant Noteholder 
Custody Bank. All costs relating to the physical delivery of the Underlying, such as 
(without limitation) costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank, costs for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, 
costs of insurance during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any) will be 
borne by the Noteholder.

--- Page 68 ---
68
4.6 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant amount of the Delivery Settlement Quantity upon delivery of the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The Depository Agent will temporarily store 
the Underlying on behalf of the Issuer until delivery of the Underlying by the 
Depository Agent at the Noteholder Custody Bank. If the Depository Agent is 
prevented from delivering the Underlying due to legal or other reasons, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes against payment of cash.
4.7 
If a Noteholder is prevented from taking delivery of the Underlying for regulatory or 
legal reasons applicable to him, such Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that 
the relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such 
redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] 
a written request for substitution of delivery with payment of cash to be forwarded to 
[the Calculation Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.5 (the 
"Substitution Redemption Request").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also 
submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment 
effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of 
ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto 
Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has 
notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third 
party.] The Substitution Redemption Request must be received by the [Calculation 
Agent][●] no later than the [10th][●] Business Day after the relevant Noteholder has 
received the early repayment notice. 
4.8 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in 
section 3.11, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
following receipt of the Substitution Redemption Request by the Issuer (the 
"Applicable Gold 
Price"). The 
gold 
price fixing can be viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-prices#>][●] with one day 
delay.
4.9 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert:

--- Page 69 ---
69
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date] the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, to the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.
4.10 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and 
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]]
[Insert this Option C in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes at the 
Redemption Amount or against delivery of the Underlying:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes at the option of 
each Noteholder at the Redemption Amount or against delivery of the Underlying. To 
exercise such option, the Noteholder must submit to the Issuer, in accordance with 
section 14 (Notices), a determination with respect to the payment of cash or delivery 
of the Underlying within [5][●] Business Days following an early redemption notice 
by the Issuer (the "Redemption Determination") and[in case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note insert: surrender the Notes to the [Paying Agent 
through the Noteholder Custody Bank][●]][in case of Crypto Securities insert:,if 
the Note is represented by a Global Note, surrender the Notes to the [Paying Agent 
through the Noteholder Custody Bank][●], or, if the Note to be redeemed is in the 
form of a Crypto Security, submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change 
against proof of payment or delivery effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto 
Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for 
the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a 
recipient for such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such

--- Page 70 ---
70
instruction must be submitted to such third party]. If the Noteholder determines that 
the relevant Notes be redeemed against delivery of the Underlying, such Noteholder 
must submit a Delivery Notice as defined in section 5.6.
4.2 
If the Noteholder fails to submit a Redemption Determination in accordance with 
section 4.1, the Issuer may make such determination on its own discretion according 
to § 315 BGB.
4.3 
In the event a Redemption Determination is made in favour of delivery of the 
Underlying, the Issuer may redeem the Notes against delivery of the Underlying in 
an amount of the relevant Delivery Settlement Quantity. 
4.4 
The "Delivery Settlement Quantity" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:
[In case of Option C 1 (true agio) insert: 
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after the Issue Date]; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.]
[In case of Option C 2 (concurrent agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas:

--- Page 71 ---
71
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]].
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after (i) in case of the initial Noteholder, the Initial Valuation Date or (ii) 
in case of any subsequent Noteholder, the relevant Record Date of such Noteholder];
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent; and
"Record Date" means the date of the acquisition of the Note in the secondary market 
by the relevant Noteholder as evidenced in the Delivery Notice as defined in 
section 5.6.]   
4.5 
[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, 
the Issuer shall only be obliged to deliver the Underlying if the Noteholder issues an 
instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof of delivery effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]If the 
Noteholder fails to submit a Delivery Notice, the Issuer may (but is not required to) 
redeem the Notes against payment of the Redemption Amount as calculated in 
section 4.11. Any direct costs related to such failure will be borne by the Noteholder.
4.6 
If the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be settled entirely by using market-
standard gold bars for the Underlying, any amount (being rounded down at the third 
decimal place) exceeding the amount that can be settled by using market-standard 
gold bars, will be settled in cash. In case the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be 
settled by using market-standard gold bars for the Underlying at all, the Delivery

--- Page 72 ---
72
Settlement Quantity will be settled in cash. The cash settlement amount will be 
determined in accordance with the procedure set out in sections 4.9 – 4.12.
4.7 
The delivery of the Underlying will take place at the offices of the relevant Noteholder 
Custody Bank. All costs relating to the physical delivery of the Underlying, such as 
(without limitation) costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank, costs for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, 
costs of insurance during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any) will be 
borne by the Noteholder.
4.8 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant amount of the Delivery Settlement Quantity upon delivery of the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The Depository Agent will temporarily store 
the Underlying on behalf of the Issuer until delivery of the Underlying by the 
Depository Agent at the Noteholder Custody Bank. If the Depository Agent is 
prevented from delivering the Underlying due to legal of other reasons, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes against payment of cash.
4.9 
If a Noteholder is prevented from taking delivery of the Underlying for regulatory or 
legal reasons applicable to him, such Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that 
the relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such 
redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] 
a written request for substitution of delivery with payment of cash to be forwarded to 
[the Calculation Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.5 (the 
"Substitution Redemption Request").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also 
submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment 
effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of 
ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto 
Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has 
notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third 
party.] The Substitution Redemption Request must be received by the [Calculation 
Agent][●] no later than the [10th][●] Business Day after the relevant Noteholder has 
received the early repayment notice. 
4.10 
In case of a Substitution Redemption Request or in the event a Redemption 
Determination is made in favour of payment of cash, the Issuer may redeem a Note 
against payment of cash. The Redemption Amount payable in respect of the Note 
shall be determined by reference to the applicable gold price as expressed in USD 
per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] 
amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in section 3.11, the resulting amount 
being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The relevant Redemption Amount will be 
limited to the amount realised from the sale of the Underlying the relevant Note. The 
calculation of the applicable gold price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price 
Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day following receipt of the Substitution Redemption 
Request or Redemption Determination, as applicable, by the Issuer (the "Applicable 
Gold 
Price"). 
The 
gold 
price 
fixing 
can 
be 
viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-prices#>][●] with one day 
delay.
4.11 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 73 ---
73
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent. 
4.12
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and 
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]]]
5
[Intentionally left blank.]
[Formal Requirements of Requests
[In case Section 3 is applicable, insert:
5.1
Intentionally left blank.
5.2 
Intentionally left blank.
5.3
Delivery Request

--- Page 74 ---
74
In the event the Noteholder demands from the Issuer physical delivery of the 
Underlying, to assert such delivery claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the 
Noteholder Custody Bank][●] a written delivery request pursuant to section 14 
(Notices) (the "Delivery Request") to be forwarded to [the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agent] containing the details specified in section 5.4 below. [in case of 
Crypto Securities insert: If the Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto 
Security, the Noteholder must also submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to 
change against proof of delivery effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit 
of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for 
such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must 
be submitted to such third party.]
5.4
The Delivery Request must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder;
(ii) 
The Noteholder Custody Bank; [and]
(iii) 
The number of Notes in relation to which the delivery claim is being asserted 
[in case Section 3 Product Variant B 2 (concurrent agio) is applicable, insert: ; 
and
(iv) 
Evidence of the date of acquisition of the Note by the relevant Noteholder in 
the form of an account statement or similar].
5.5
The Substitution Redemption Request must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder;
(ii) 
The number of Notes in relation to which the payment claim is being 
asserted;
(iii) 
A bank account maintained in [EUR][USD][●] to which the Redemption 
Amount shall be transferred; and
(iv) 
A statement demonstrating that the Noteholder is prevented from taking 
delivery of the Underlying due to legal or regulatory reasons applicable to 
him.]
[in case Section 4 Option B or Section 4 Option C is applicable, insert: 
5.6
Delivery Notice
In the event a notice needs to be provided for the delivery of the Underlying, such 
notice must be sent to the Issuer in accordance with section 14 (Notices) by the 
relevant Noteholder within [10][●][Business Days][calendar days] upon reception of 
the notice of the early redemption of the Notes by the Issuer in accordance with 
section 4.1 (the "Delivery Notice").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note 
to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also submit 
to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of delivery effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]

--- Page 75 ---
75
5.7
The Delivery Notice must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder; [and]
(ii) 
The Noteholder Custody Bank[;] [and]
[in case Section 4 Option B 2 (concurrent agio) or Section 4 Option C 2 
(concurrent agio) is applicable, insert:
(iii) 
Evidence of the date of acquisition of the Note by the relevant Noteholder in 
the form of an account statement or similar].]]
6
Disruption Events and Postponement or Suspension
6.1
Disruption Events
The Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to), with respect to any day, determine 
that one or more of the following disruption events has occurred or exists on such 
day (each such event a "Disruption Event"):
(i) 
trading and/or settlement in gold is subject to a material suspension or 
material limitation on the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other 
primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of gold; or 
(ii) 
the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other primary exchange or 
trading facility for the trading of gold is not open for trading for any reason 
(including a scheduled closure); or
(iii) 
trading in gold on such over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other 
primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of gold has been 
permanently discontinued or has disappeared. 
6.2
Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or 
exists with respect to any day, it may (but shall not be obliged to), if a 
Disruption Event falls on such date, on the immediately following Business 
Day give notice of the postponement and/or suspension of: 
(a) 
[the relevant Noteholder Exercise Date][Intentionally left blank];
(b) 
[the calculation of the relevant Applicable Gold Price][Intentionally left 
blank];
(c) 
[In case Section 3 is applicable, insert: the relevant Noteholder 
Exercise Valuation Date][Intentionally left blank];
(d) 
[In case Section 4 Option B or Section 4 Option C is applicable, 
insert: the relevant Issuer Exercise Valuation Date][Intentionally left 
blank];
(e) 
[In case Section 3 is applicable, insert: the relevant Delivery 
Settlement Date][Intentionally left blank];
(f) 
[the relevant Payment Settlement Date][Intentionally left blank]; or
(g) 
[the relevant Issuer Call Date][Intentionally left blank],
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent, specifying:

--- Page 76 ---
76
(a) 
the Disruption Event which has occurred or is existing on the relevant 
day;
(b) 
whether the suspension and/or postponement relating to such 
Disruption Event will be in respect of a single day (a "Suspended 
Day") or for as long as the Disruption Event continues (a 
"Suspension Period"); and
(c) 
which of the dates set out in section 6.2(i) [[(a)][●] to [(g)][●]][●] will 
be postponed and/or suspended on such Suspended Day or during 
such Suspended Period, as applicable and, in determining this, the 
Calculation Agent shall consider whether the relevant Disruption 
Event would disrupt the actions required to be performed by the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Depository 
Agent or the Noteholders in connection with the redemption of the 
Notes,
such notice, a "Suspension Notice". If the Suspension Notice is in respect 
of a Suspension Period, such period will end when the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer and the Paying Agent that such suspension and/or 
postponement is over.
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not 
a Disruption Event is continuing with respect to any day unless a Suspension 
Notice has been given in respect of a Suspension Period in which case the 
Calculation Agent's obligation to monitor the relevant Disruption Event will 
continue until it has determined that such Disruption Event has ceased 
following which it will give notification of the end of the Suspension Period in 
accordance with section 6.2(i). The Calculation Agent shall have no liability 
to the Issuer or any other person for any determination or non-determination 
that it makes in respect of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event.
6.3
Postponement relating to the Redemption of the Notes
(i) 
If, in respect of a Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent has specified in the 
related Suspension Notice that one of the dates listed in section 6.2(i) 
[[(a)][●] to [(e)][●]][●] (a "Disruption Postponable Date") shall be postponed 
until following the end of the Suspended Day or Suspension Period, then if 
any Disruption Postponable Date does occur on the Suspended Day or 
during the Suspension Period, such Disruption Postponable Date shall be 
deemed to have been postponed until the first following Non-Disrupted Day, 
provided that if no such Non-Disrupted Day has occurred on or prior to the 
10th Business Day following such Disruption Postponable Date, the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in consultation with the Calculation Agent, shall 
determine an appropriate method for redeeming the Notes and determining 
the dates listed in section 6.2(i) [[(a)][●] to [(e)][●]][●], as applicable, for the 
purposes of such redemption of the Notes (a "Disrupted Redemption 
Method"). For the avoidance of doubt, if any Disruption Postponable Date is 
postponed in accordance with this section 6.3(i), then any other dates or 
periods determined by reference to such Disruption Postponable Date that 
have yet to occur or conclude as at the time of such postponement shall also 
be postponed or adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 77 ---
77
(ii) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following determination 
of any Disrupted Redemption Method, notify the [Calculation Agent][,] [the 
Paying Agent] and the Noteholders of the details of such Disrupted 
Redemption Method in accordance with section 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
No additional amount shall be payable or deliverable to any Noteholder in 
connection with any postponement to the timing, or any amendment to the 
method, in each case in accordance with section (i).
7
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing or Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source and 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event
7.1
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing
If on any Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing has been replaced by a successor price acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, then the Calculation Agent shall notify such determination to the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent and, with effect from the first Business Day following the date of 
such notice, such successor price shall be deemed to be the Applicable Gold Price 
Fixing for the purposes of the Notes but provided that it shall not affect any 
calculations or determinations already made using the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
being replaced. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, notify 
the Noteholders of the same in accordance with section 14 (Notices).
7.2
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source
If on any Business Day the Calculation Agent determines that the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing Source no longer allows for the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
notwithstanding that the Applicable Gold Price Fixing continues to be determined, 
then the Calculation Agent will notify such determination to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent specifying a replacement price source that does display such Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing and, with effect from the first Business Day following the date of such 
notice, such successor price source shall be deemed to be the Applicable Gold Price 
Fixing Source for the purposes of the Notes but provided that it shall not affect any 
calculations or determinations already made using the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
displayed on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source being replaced. The Issuer 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, notify the Noteholders of the 
same in accordance with section 14 (Notices).
7.3
Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event
If at any time the Calculation Agent determines that an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event has occurred and gives notice of such determination (including a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer and the 
Paying Agent, then for the purposes of the Notes, the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
shall be: 
(i) 
such other reference price for the Underlying as the Calculation Agent 
determines has replaced the Applicable Gold Price Fixing in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining a reference price for such 
Underlying in the primary over-the-counter market, exchange or trading 
facility for the trading of the Underlying; or

--- Page 78 ---
78
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no replacement reference 
price that can be determined in accordance with section 6.3(i), then such 
other reference price for the Underlying as the Calculation Agent determines 
as most comparable to the Applicable Gold Price Fixing acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner,
(the "Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing") provided that in each case, the 
Calculation Agent must also have determined that no Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event would have occurred or be occurring in respect of such Replacement 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing if such Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing were 
the Applicable Gold Price Fixing. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable following notification of the occurrence of an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event, give notice of the Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing determined by it 
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent.
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any other person shall have any duty 
to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event has occurred.]
[Insert in case of Product Variant C:
PART A: PRODUCT CONDITIONS
1
Securities law, Definitions
1.1
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. is a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with its 
registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de 
Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B 199463 (the 
"Company"). The Company is a securitisation undertaking (société de titrisation) 
within the meaning of the Luxembourg act on securitisations of 22 March 2004 (as 
amended) (the "Securitisation Act"), which acts in respect of its Compartment [●] 
(the "Compartment" or the "Issuer", respectively). The Company is subject to the 
supervision of the CSSF, which ascertains whether the Company complies with 
applicable statutory provisions and the resulting obligations. This supervision will 
continue until such time as the Company is liquidated.
1.2
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in an [in case of nominal quotation insert:
aggregate principal amount of up to [insert Issue Currency][●] (the "Aggregate
Principal Amount") and each Note with a principal amount of [insert Issue 
Currency][●]][in case of unit quotation insert: aggregate number of up to [insert 
aggregate amount of units] Notes ("Aggregate Number of Notes") at an issue price 
of [insert Issue Currency][●] per Note] (each a "Note", and together the "Notes"). 
1.3
The Issuer will grant to each holder of a Note (the "Noteholders" and each a 
"Noteholder") the right to demand from the Issuer in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions payment of a cash amount equal to the Redemption Amount or 
delivery of a quantity of the Underlying.
1.4
[in case of an issuance in the form of a Global Note insert: The Notes will be 
represented by a global bearer certificate ("Global Note") and will comprise any 
Notes issued by the Issuer on the same terms and conditions. They will be divided 
into Notes ranking pari passu among themselves.][in case of an issuance in the

--- Page 79 ---
79
form of a Crypto Security insert: The Notes will be represented by a Crypto 
Security and will comprise any Notes issued by the Issuer on the same terms and 
conditions. They will be divided into Notes ranking pari passu among themselves. 
The Notes will be issued by an entry into a Crypto Securities Register operated by 
the Crypto Registrar. The Noteholders are entered into the Crypto Securities 
Register as individual entries (Einzeleintragung) pursuant to Section 8 para. 1 no. 2 
eWpG (each unit entered into the recording system in the sense of the eWpG on 
behalf of the Issuer by a smart contract bearing the shortcut [●] representing the 
Noteholder's rights under one (1), a "Token"). Any claim of the Noteholders to 
request individual note certificates or to change the entry of the Crypto Securities 
from individual to collective entry (Sammeleintragung) is explicitly excluded. 
Pursuant to Section 6 para. 2 eWpG the Issuer may at any time during the lifecycle 
of the Notes replace – without the approval of the Noteholders – the Crypto 
Securities with materially identical Notes issued by way of a global bearer certificate 
("Global Note"). Such replacement will be published by the Issuer in accordance 
with section 14 (Notices) set forth in Part B of these Terms and Conditions.]
1.5
[in case of an issuance in the form of a Crypto Security insert: The Issuer 
explicitly retains the right to appoint a different Crypto Registrar without the approval 
of the Noteholders. Any resignation and appointment will be notified to the public 
without undue delay in accordance with section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and 
Conditions.] 
1.6 
[in case of nominal quotation insert: The Notes may only be transferred at a 
minimum tradable principal amount or any integral multiple thereof. The minimum 
tradable principal amount is [●].][in case of unit quotation insert: The Notes may 
only be transferred at a minimum tradable unit or any integral multiple thereof. The 
minimum tradable unit is [1][●].]
1.7
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, the following definitions will apply:
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing or the administrator or sponsor 
of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, 
or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Applicable Gold Price Fixing to perform its or 
their respective obligations under the Notes.
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing" means [the price fixing procedure for one fine troy 
ounce of gold expressed in USD conducted in accordance with the rules of the 
London Bullion Market Association or a successor organisation representing market 
participants in the London gold trading market ("LBMA") in respect of the action at 
or around [10:30h London Time][●] on each day on which the London Bullion Market 
or a successor market on which the market participants in the London gold trading 
market trade gold is open for trading][●]. 
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event" means: 
(i) 
a permanent or indefinite cessation in the provision of the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing by the relevant administrator of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing

--- Page 80 ---
80
(and no successor administrator will continue to provide the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing); or
(ii) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event.
"Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source" means any screen or other source on which 
the Applicable Gold Price Fixing is expected to be displayed or published, as such 
screen or source may be replaced or succeeded pursuant to section 7 (Successor 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing or Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source and Applicable 
Gold Price Fixing Event).
"BGB" means the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).
"Business Day" means
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the commercial banks in 
[Luxembourg][,][ and] [Lichtenstein][,][ and] [Zurich] [and] [Düsseldorf][●] and 
the Clearing System are open for general business, and
[If the Issue Currency is Euro, the following provision applies:
(b) 
for the purpose of making payments in Euro, any day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2 System) is open.]
[If the Issue Currency is not Euro, the following provision applies:
(b) 
for the purpose of making payments, any day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the commercial banks in Frankfurt am Main[, in [●]] and 
the Clearing System are open for general business and on which the 
commercial banks in Frankfurt am Main may conduct foreign exchange 
transactions with the country in which the Issue Currency is the legal tender 
using the main payment systems.]
"Calculation Agent" means [Chartered Investment Germany GmbH][●] and any 
successor in such capacity.
[In case of unit quotation refer to the Calculation Amount:
"Calculation Amount" means the product of the Aggregate Number of Notes and 
[●].]
"Cash Account Bank" means [●] and any successor in such capacity.
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][●] and any successor in such capacity.
"Crypto Registrar" means E-SEC GmbH, Fürstenwall, 172a, 40217 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of Germany or any registrar appointed as a successor to it.
"Crypto Security means a crypto security pursuant to Section 4 para. 3 of the 
eWpG. 
"Crypto Securities Register" means crypto securities register pursuant to Section 
16 eWpG.
"Default Period" means [10][●] Business Days.

--- Page 81 ---
81
["Delivery Settlement Date" means a Business Day at the place of business of the 
Noteholder Custody Bank not before the [10th][●] Business Day following[in case of 
a Note represented by a Global Note insert: the Note to which the Delivery 
Request relates has been surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank][●]][in case of a Crypto Security insert:,if the Note is represented 
by a Global Note, the Note to which the Delivery Request relates has been 
surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder Custody Bank][●], or, if the Note 
is in the form of a Crypto Security, the instruction to change the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership for the benefit of the Issuer over the Token 
representing the Note to which the Delivery Request relates has been received by 
the Crypto Registrar.]
"Depository Agent" means [Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative][EFG Bank 
AG][Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG][Bank Cler AG][Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG][Bank Julius 
Bär & Co. AG][BERGOS AG][Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG][Cornèr Banca 
SA][Rothschild & Co Bank AG][Migros Bank AG][LGT Bank AG][LGT Bank (Schweiz) 
AG][Bank Vontobel AG], being an institution for storing the Underlying on behalf of 
the Issuer.
"Disruption Event" has the meaning given to it in section 6.1 (Disruption Events). 
["Distributor" means [VP Bank AG][●] and any successor in such capacity.]
"eWpG" means the German Electronic Securities Act (Gesetz über elektronische 
Wertpapiere).
"Grace Period" means [10][●] Business Days.
["Initial Valuation Date" means [●].]
"Issue Currency" means the issue currency specified in the Final Terms.
"Issue Date" means the issue date specified in the Final Terms.
["Issuer Call Date" means [the last Business Day of each second calendar 
quarter][●].]
["Issuer Exercise Valuation Date" means the date falling on the [90th][●] Business 
Day after the Issuer Call Date.]
"Non-Disrupted Day" means the Issue Date and each day thereafter that is a 
Business Day and is not a Suspended Day or a day which falls within a Suspension 
Period. 
"Noteholder Custody Bank" means the relevant office of a securities custody 
account bank situated in the European Union and/or Switzerland and disclosed in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions and which agrees to take delivery of 
the Underlying on behalf of the relevant Noteholder.
["Noteholder Exercise Date" means [the last Business Day of each second quarter, 
beginning with the Initial Valuation Date][the last Business Day of each quarter, 
beginning with the Initial Valuation Date][●].]
["Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date" means the [fourth Business Day][●] 
following the Noteholder Exercise Date.]

--- Page 82 ---
82
"Paying Agent" means [Société Générale S.A., Frankfurt am Main][●], with its 
registered office at [●], and any person appointed as a successor to it. [in case of 
Notes listed on Six Swiss Exchange insert: For Notes listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange, Paying Agent means [●] [●], with its registered office at [●].]
["Payment Settlement Date" means the [third][●] Business Day following[in case 
of a Note represented by a Global Note insert: the Note to which the Redemption 
Request relates has been surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank][●].]][in case of a Crypto Security insert:,if the Note is represented 
by a Global Note, the Note to which the Redemption Request relates has been 
surrendered to [the Paying Agent by the Noteholder Custody Bank][●], or, if the Note 
is in the form of a Crypto Security, the instruction to change the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership for the benefit of the Issuer over the Token 
representing the Note to which the Redemption Request relates has been received 
by the Crypto Registrar.]
["Redemption Amount" means the amount calculated according to section[s] 
[4.3][,][and][4.9][and][4.11] in the Issue Currency.] 
"Required Threshold Amount" means at least 25% of the [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount][Aggregate Number of Notes] then outstanding.
"Security Agreements" means (i) the collateral trust agreement entered into 
between the Trustee and the Issuer in respect of the Notes, (ii) the pledge agreement 
governed by Swiss law entered into between the Trustee, acting for itself (including 
as creditor of the Parallel Debt Obligation) and as direct representative (direkter 
Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of all other Collateralised Parties and 
the Issuer in relation to a pledge over the Underlying and the non-physical book entry 
gold of the Issuer and (iii) the cash account pledge agreement governed by 
Luxembourg law entered into between the Trustee and the Cash Account Bank, each 
as amended and restated from time to time.
"Servicer" means Chartered Investment Germany GmbH and any successor in such 
capacity.
["Structuring Advisor" means [VP Bank AG][●] and any successor in such 
capacity.]
"Trustee" means Chartered Investment Germany GmbH or a successor appointed 
in accordance with the Trust Agreement.
"Trust Agreement" means the trust agreement entered into between the Trustee 
and the Issuer dated [●] 2023.
"Underlying" means [insert manufacturer of the relevant gold product] gold [insert 
other designation for applicable type of gold] underlying the relevant Series of Notes.
2
Redemption
The Notes have no final maturity date and will not be redeemed except in accordance with 
the provision set out below.
3
[Intentionally left blank.]
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder

--- Page 83 ---
83
3.1 
The Noteholder may demand from the Issuer delivery of the Underlying (the 
"Delivery Option") or payment of cash (the "Payment Option") at the option of the 
Noteholder.
3.2 
In case of the Delivery Option, the Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that the 
relevant Note is redeemed against delivery of the Underlying in an amount of the 
relevant Delivery Settlement Quantity. To assert such delivery claim, the Noteholder 
must submit to the Issuer a Delivery Request as defined in section 5.3 below. 
3.3 
The "Delivery Settlement Quantity" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:
[In case of Product Variant C 1 (true agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the 
period of one (1) year after the Issue Date]; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.]
[In case of Product Variant C 2 (concurrent agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the

--- Page 84 ---
84
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date]][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the 
period of one (1) year after (i) in case of the initial Noteholder, the Initial Valuation 
Date or (ii) in case of any subsequent Noteholder, the relevant Record Date of such 
Noteholder]; 
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent; and
"Record Date" means the date of the acquisition of the Note in the secondary market 
by the relevant Noteholder as evidenced in the Delivery Request as specified in 
section 5.3.]
3.4 
If the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be settled entirely by using market-
standard gold bars for the Underlying, any amount (being rounded down at the third 
decimal place) exceeding the amount that can be settled by using market-standard 
gold bars, will be settled in cash. In case the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be 
settled by using market-standard gold bars for the Underlying at all, the Delivery 
Settlement Quantity will be settled in cash. The cash settlement amount will be 
determined in accordance with the procedure set out in sections 3.10 - 3.12.
3.5 
The Delivery Request must be received by the Issuer before or on the relevant 
Noteholder Exercise Date. The Issuer shall not be required to deliver the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder before the Delivery Settlement Date. [in case of Crypto 
Securities insert: If the Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only 
be obliged to redeem the Note if the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto 
Registrar to change against proof of delivery effected on behalf of the Issuer the 
Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective 
Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party 
as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such 
instruction must be submitted to such third party.]

--- Page 85 ---
85
3.6 
The delivery of the Underlying will take place at the offices of the relevant Noteholder 
Custody Bank. All costs relating to the physical delivery of the Underlying, such as 
(without limitation) costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank, costs for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, 
costs of insurance during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any) will be 
borne by the Noteholder.
3.7 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant amount of the Delivery Settlement Quantity upon delivery of the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The Depository Agent will temporarily store 
the Underlying on behalf of the Issuer until delivery of the Underlying by the 
Depository Agent at the Noteholder Custody Bank. If the Depository Agent is 
prevented from delivering the Underlying due to legal of other reasons, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes against payment of cash.
3.8 
A Delivery Request may be treated as a Redemption Request if, after submission of 
such Delivery Request, a Noteholder learns that he is prevented from taking delivery 
of the Underlying for legal or regulatory reasons applicable to him. To substitute a 
Delivery Request with a Redemption Request, such Noteholder must submit to [the 
Noteholder Custody Bank][●] a written request for substitution of delivery with 
payment of cash to be forwarded to [the Calculation Agent][●] containing the details 
specified in section 5.5 (the "Substitution Redemption Request").[in case of 
Crypto Securities insert: If the Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto 
Security, the Noteholder must also submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to 
change against proof of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto 
Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for 
the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a 
recipient for such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such 
instruction must be submitted to such third party.] The Substitution Redemption 
Request must be received by the [Calculation Agent][●] no later than the 
[10th][●] Business Day after the relevant Noteholder Exercise Date.
3.9 
In case of the Payment Option, the Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that the 
relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such 
redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to the Issuer a Redemption Request 
as defined in section 5.1 below. The Redemption Request must be received by the 
Issuer before or on the relevant Noteholder Exercise Date. 
3.10 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in 
section 3.13 below, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
following receipt of the Substitution Redemption Request by the Issuer (the 
"Applicable Gold 
Price"). The 
gold 
price fixing can be viewed 
on 
[https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-prices#][●] with one day 
delay.
3.11 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 86 ---
86
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date and 
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent. 
3.12 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Payment Settlement Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem 
the Note if the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change 
against proof of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit 
of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for 
such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must 
be submitted to such third party.]
3.13 
[Intentionally left blank.]
[In case of USD/EUR Exchange Rate insert:
"Exchange Rate" means the USD/EUR Exchange Rate (average rate) as of [10:00 
Eastern Standard Time][●] on the Payment Settlement Date as published by [the 
Federal Reserve Bank][●] on the Screen Page as defined below. 
"Screen Page" means [the page 1FED in the Reuters Monitor Service System][●] or 
any successor page. If, at the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the

--- Page 87 ---
87
Payment Settlement Date, the Screen Page is not available, or if the USD/EUR 
Exchange Rate (average rate) is not displayed on the Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Exchange Rate by requesting the head office of each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide their respective average rates for the 
purchase of Euro against U.S. Dollar in respect of transactions with major banks on 
the Payment Settlement Date. If two or more such average rates are quoted, the 
exchange rate for the Payment Settlement Date will be the arithmetic mean (if 
necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth of one percentage point, 
with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of such Exchange Rates. If less than two of such 
average rates are quoted, the Exchange Rate for the Payment Settlement Date will 
be the arithmetic mean (if necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth 
of one percentage point, with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of the average rates which 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent designate as the rate at which they 
conduct currency transactions involving the purchase of Euro against U.S. Dollar at 
about the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the Payment Settlement Date. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market of [the 
Eurozone and in New York][●], as selected by the Calculation Agent. If, pursuant to 
the rules of the LBMA the fixing of the price of one fine troy ounce of gold expressed 
in U.S. Dollar is conducted at a time other than 11:30 UTC, the Calculation Agent 
may replace the above Screen Page by such other screen page displaying a 
USD/EUR Exchange Rate (average rate) at that other time or immediately thereafter. 
Such replacement shall be published in accordance with section 14 (Notices).]
[In case of [USD/●] Exchange Rate insert:
"Exchange Rate" means the [USD/●] Exchange Rate (average rate) as of [10:00 
Eastern Standard Time][●] on the Payment Settlement Date as published by [the 
Federal Reserve Bank][●] on the Screen Page as defined below.
"Screen Page" means [the page 1FED in the Reuters Monitor Service System][●] or 
any successor page. If, at the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the 
Payment Settlement Date, the Screen Page is not available, or if the [USD/●] 
Exchange Rate (average rate) is not displayed on the Screen Page, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Exchange Rate by requesting the head office of each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide their respective average rates for the 
purchase of [●] against USD in respect of transactions with major banks on the 
Payment Settlement Date. If two or more such average rates are quoted, the 
exchange rate for the Payment Settlement Date will be the arithmetic mean (if 
necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth of one percentage point, 
with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of such Exchange Rates. If less than two of such 
average rates are quoted, the Exchange Rate for the Payment Settlement Date will 
be the arithmetic mean (if necessary, rounded up or down to the nearest thousandth 
of one percentage point, with 0.0005 rounded upwards) of the average rates which 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent designate as the rate at which they 
conduct currency transactions involving the purchase of [●] against USD at about 
the time of the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the Payment Settlement Date. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market of [the 
Eurozone and in New York][●], as selected by the Calculation Agent. If, pursuant to 
the rules of the LBMA the fixing of the price of one fine troy ounce of gold expressed 
in U.S. Dollar is conducted at a time other than 11:30 UTC, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 88 ---
88
may replace the above Screen Page by such other screen page displaying a [USD/●] 
Exchange Rate (average rate) at that other time or immediately thereafter. Such 
replacement shall be published in accordance with section 14 (Notices).]]
4
[Intentionally left blank.]
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
[Insert this Option A in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes at the 
Redemption Amount:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes at the 
Redemption Amount. 
4.2 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in 
section 3.13, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
prior to the Issuer Call Date (the "Applicable Gold Price"). The gold price fixing can 
be 
viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-
prices#>][●] with one day delay.
4.3 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]] [in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage):

--- Page 89 ---
89
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent. 
4.4 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and 
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]]
[Insert this Option B in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes against 
delivery of the Underlying:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes against delivery 
of the Underlying in an amount of the relevant Delivery Settlement Quantity. In order 
for the Issuer to redeem the Notes against delivery of the Underlying, the Noteholder 
must submit a Delivery Notice as defined in section 5.6.
4.2 
The "Delivery Settlement Quantity" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:
[In case of Option B 1 (true agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];

--- Page 90 ---
90
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after the Issue Date]; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.]
[In case of Option B 2 (concurrent agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after (i) in case of the initial Noteholder, the Initial Valuation Date or (ii) in 
case of any subsequent Noteholder, the relevant Record Date of such Noteholder];
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent; and

--- Page 91 ---
91
"Record Date" means the date of the acquisition of the Note in the secondary market 
by the relevant Noteholder as evidenced in the Delivery Notice as defined in 
section 5.6.]   
4.3 
[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, 
the Issuer shall only be obliged to deliver the Underlying if the Noteholder issues an 
instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof of delivery effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]If the 
Noteholder fails to submit a Delivery Notice, the Issuer may (but is not required to) 
redeem the Notes against payment of the Redemption Amount as calculated in 
section 4.9. Any direct costs related to such failure will be borne by the Noteholder.
4.4 
If the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be settled entirely by using market-
standard gold bars for Underlying, any amount (being rounded down at the third 
decimal place) exceeding the amount that can be settled by using market-standard 
gold bars, will be settled in cash. In case the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be 
settled by using market-standard gold bars for Underlying at all, the Delivery 
Settlement Quantity will be settled in cash. The cash settlement amount will be 
determined in accordance with the procedure set out in sections 4.7 – 4.10.
4.5 
The delivery of the Underlying will take place at the offices of the relevant Noteholder 
Custody Bank. All costs relating to the physical delivery of the Underlying, such as 
(without limitation) costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank, costs for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, 
costs of insurance during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any) will be 
borne by the Noteholder.
4.6 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant amount of the Delivery Settlement Quantity upon delivery of the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The Depository Agent will temporarily store 
the Underlying on behalf of the Issuer until delivery of the Underlying by the 
Depository Agent at the Noteholder Custody Bank. If the Depository Agent is 
prevented from delivering the Underlying due to legal or other reasons, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes against payment of cash.
4.7 
If a Noteholder is prevented from taking delivery of the Underlying for regulatory or 
legal reasons applicable to him, such Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that 
the relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such 
redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] 
a written request for substitution of delivery with payment of cash to be forwarded to 
[the Calculation Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.5 (the 
"Substitution Redemption Request").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also 
submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment 
effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of 
ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto 
Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has 
notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third 
party.] The Substitution Redemption Request must be received by the [Calculation

--- Page 92 ---
92
Agent][●] no later than the [10th][●] Business Day after the relevant Noteholder has 
received the early repayment notice. 
4.8 
If a Note is to be redeemed against payment of cash, the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of the Note shall be determined by reference to the applicable 
gold price as expressed in USD per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the 
Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in 
section 3.13, the resulting amount being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The 
relevant Redemption Amount will be limited to the amount realised from the sale of 
the Underlying underlying the relevant Note. The calculation of the applicable gold 
price will be based on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day 
following receipt of the Substitution Redemption Request by the Issuer (the 
"Applicable Gold 
Price"). The 
gold 
price fixing can be viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-prices#>][●] with one day 
delay.
4.9 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]] [in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, to the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.

--- Page 93 ---
93
4.10 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and 
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]]
[Insert this Option C in case the Issuer shall have the option to redeem the Notes at the 
Redemption Amount or against delivery of the Underlying:
4.1 
On each Issuer Call Date, the Issuer may, in whole (but not in part), subject to a 
[90][180][●] [Business Days][calendar days]' prior notice to each Noteholder in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices), redeem all outstanding Notes at the option of 
each Noteholder at the Redemption Amount or against delivery of the Underlying. To 
exercise such option, the Noteholder must submit to the Issuer, in accordance with 
section 14 (Notices), a determination with respect to the payment of cash or delivery 
of the Underlying within [5][●] Business Days following an early redemption notice 
by the Issuer (the "Redemption Determination") and[in case of a Note 
represented by a Global Note insert: surrender the Notes to the [Paying Agent 
through the Noteholder Custody Bank][●]][in case of Crypto Securities insert:,if 
the Note is represented by a Global Note, surrender the Notes to the [Paying Agent 
through the Noteholder Custody Bank][●], or, if the Note to be redeemed is in the 
form of a Crypto Security, submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change 
against proof of payment or delivery effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto 
Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for 
the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a 
recipient for such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such 
instruction must be submitted to such third party]. If the Noteholder determines that 
the relevant Notes be redeemed against delivery of the Underlying, such Noteholder 
must submit a Delivery Notice as defined in section 5.6.
4.2 
If the Noteholder fails to submit a Redemption Determination in accordance with 
section 4.1, the Issuer may make such determination on its own discretion according 
to § 315 BGB.
4.3 
In the event a Redemption Determination is made in favour of delivery of the 
Underlying, the Issuer may redeem the Notes against delivery of the Underlying in 
an amount of the relevant Delivery Settlement Quantity. 
4.4 
The "Delivery Settlement Quantity" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:
[In case of Option C 1 (true agio) insert: 
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the

--- Page 94 ---
94
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]] [in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after the Issue Date]; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage): 
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent.]
[In case of Option C 2 (concurrent agio) insert:
Initial Gold Quantity * (1.00 – Fees)^t, whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]] [in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]].
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date [and provided that no fee will accrue for the period of 
one (1) year after (i) in case of the initial Noteholder, the Initial Valuation Date or (ii) 
in case of any subsequent Noteholder, the relevant Record Date of such Noteholder];
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage):

--- Page 95 ---
95
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] in 
the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent; and
"Record Date" means the date of the acquisition of the Note in the secondary market 
by the relevant Noteholder as evidenced in the Delivery Notice as defined in 
section 5.6.]   
4.5 
[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in the form of a Crypto Security, 
the Issuer shall only be obliged to deliver the Underlying if the Noteholder issues an 
instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof of delivery effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]If the 
Noteholder fails to submit a Delivery Notice, the Issuer may (but is not required to) 
redeem the Notes against payment of the Redemption Amount as calculated in 
section 4.11. Any direct costs related to such failure will be borne by the Noteholder.
4.6 
If the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be settled entirely by using market-
standard gold bars for the Underlying, any amount (being rounded down at the third 
decimal place) exceeding the amount that can be settled by using market-standard 
gold bars, will be settled in cash. In case the Delivery Settlement Quantity cannot be 
settled by using market-standard gold bars for the Underlying at all, the Delivery 
Settlement Quantity will be settled in cash. The cash settlement amount will be 
determined in accordance with the procedure set out in sections 4.9 - 4.12.
4.7 
The delivery of the Underlying will take place at the offices of the relevant Noteholder 
Custody Bank. All costs relating to the physical delivery of the Underlying, such as 
(without limitation) costs relating to the exercise, as charged by the Noteholder 
Custody Bank, costs for the production of gold bullion bars, transportation costs, 
costs of insurance during transportation or taxes, duties and levies (if any) will be 
borne by the Noteholder.
4.8 
The Issuer will be discharged from its performance obligation with respect to the 
relevant amount of the Delivery Settlement Quantity upon delivery of the Underlying 
to the relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The Depository Agent will temporarily store 
the Underlying on behalf of the Issuer until delivery of the Underlying by the 
Depository Agent at the Noteholder Custody Bank. If the Depository Agent is 
prevented from delivering the Underlying due to legal of other reasons, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes against payment of cash.
4.9 
If a Noteholder is prevented from taking delivery of the Underlying for regulatory or 
legal reasons applicable to him, such Noteholder may demand from the Issuer that 
the relevant Note is redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount. To assert such 
redemption claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] 
a written request for substitution of delivery with payment of cash to be forwarded to

--- Page 96 ---
96
[the Calculation Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.5 (the 
"Substitution Redemption Request").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the 
Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also 
submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment 
effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of 
ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto 
Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has 
notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third 
party.] The Substitution Redemption Request must be received by the [Calculation 
Agent][●] no later than the [10th][●] Business Day after the relevant Noteholder has 
received the early repayment notice. 
4.10 
In case of a Substitution Redemption Request or in the event a Redemption 
Determination is made in favour of payment of cash, the Issuer may redeem a Note 
against payment of cash. The Redemption Amount payable in respect of the Note 
shall be determined by reference to the applicable gold price as expressed in USD 
per fine troy ounce[ and as converted by the Calculation Agent into a [Euro][●] 
amount per gram at the Exchange Rate set out in section 3.13, the resulting amount 
being rounded down to [Euro 0.01][●]]. The relevant Redemption Amount will be 
limited to the amount realised from the sale of the Underlying underlying the relevant 
Note. The calculation of the applicable gold price will be based on the Applicable 
Gold Price Fixing on the [5th][●] Business Day following receipt of the Substitution 
Redemption Request or Redemption Determination, as applicable, by the Issuer (the 
"Applicable Gold 
Price"). The 
gold 
price fixing can be viewed 
on 
[<https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-prices#>][●] with one day 
delay.
4.11 
The Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Initial Gold Quantity * Applicable Gold Price (t) * (1 – Fees)^t, 
whereas: 
"Initial Gold Quantity" means [in case of nominal quotation insert: (Aggregate 
Principal Amount / aggregate number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]][in case of unit quotation insert: 
(Calculation Amount / Aggregate Number of Notes) / Applicable Gold Price (0); 
whereas "Applicable Gold Price (0)" means the Applicable Gold Price as of [the 
Initial Valuation Date][the last day of the offer period as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms][plus a surcharge of [●]][plus a surcharge ranging from [●] to [●] as 
determined by the Depository Agent in a commercially reasonable manner reflecting 
the market price of the Underlying. The applicable surcharge shall be published in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices).]];
"t" means the number of years elapsed between the Initial Valuation Date and the 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date; and
"Fees" means the sum of (expressed as a percentage):

--- Page 97 ---
97
(i) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Issuer Annual Fee"); [and]
(ii) 
[[●]% p.a., (the "Structuring Fee"); and] 
(iii) 
[●]% p.a., (the "Depository Fee") 
whereas each fee shall accrue daily and shall be payable [quarterly][●] based on the 
applicable value of the Underlying to (i) in the case of the Issuer Annual Fee, the 
Issuer[, (ii) in the case of the Structuring Fee, the Structuring Advisor] and [(ii)][(iii)] 
in the case of the Depository Fee, the Depository Agent. 
4.12
The Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of the relevant Redemption Amount 
before the Issuer Call Date. [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note is in 
the form of a Crypto Security, the Issuer shall only be obliged to redeem the Note if 
the Noteholder issues an instruction to the Crypto Registrar to change against proof 
of payment effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect 
a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the 
Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and 
has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such 
third party.]]]
5
[Intentionally left blank.]
[Formal Requirements of Requests
[In case Section 3 is applicable, insert:
5.1
Redemption Request
In the event the Noteholder demands from the Issuer that the relevant Note is 
redeemed at its relevant Redemption Amount, to assert such redemption claim, the 
Noteholder must submit to [the Noteholder Custody Bank][●] a written redemption 
request pursuant to section 14 (Notices) to be forwarded to [the Calculation Agent 
and the Paying Agent][●] containing the details specified in section 5.2 below (the 
"Redemption Request"). [in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note to be 
redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also submit to the 
Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of payment effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.]
5.2
The Redemption Request must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder;
(ii) 
The number of Notes in relation to which the payment claim is being 
asserted;
(iii) 
A bank account maintained in [EUR][USD][●] to which the Redemption 
Amount shall be transferred.
5.3
Delivery Request
In the event the Noteholder demands from the Issuer physical delivery of the 
Underlying, to assert such delivery claim, the Noteholder must submit to [the 
Noteholder Custody Bank][●] a written delivery request pursuant to section 14

--- Page 98 ---
98
(Notices) (the "Delivery Request") to be forwarded to [the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agent] containing the details specified in section 5.4 below. [in case of 
Crypto Securities insert: If the Note to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto 
Security, the Noteholder must also submit to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to 
change against proof of delivery effected on behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities 
Register to reflect a change of ownership over the respective Token for the benefit 
of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has appointed a third party as a recipient for 
such instruction and has notified the Noteholder accordingly such instruction must 
be submitted to such third party.]
5.4
The Delivery Request must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder;
(ii) 
The Noteholder Custody Bank; [and]
(iii) 
The number of Notes in relation to which the delivery claim is being asserted 
[in case Section 3 Product Variant C 2 (concurrent agio) is applicable, insert: ; 
and
(iv) 
Evidence of the date of acquisition of the Note by the relevant Noteholder in 
the form of an account statement or similar].
5.5
The Substitution Redemption Request must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder;
(ii) 
The number of Notes in relation to which the payment claim is being 
asserted;
(iii) 
A bank account maintained in [EUR][USD][●] to which the Redemption 
Amount shall be transferred; and
(iv) 
A statement demonstrating that the Noteholder is prevented from taking 
delivery of the Underlying due to legal or regulatory reasons applicable to 
him.]
[in case Section 4 Option B or Section 4 Option C is applicable, insert: 
5.6
Delivery Notice
In the event a notice needs to be provided for the delivery of the Underlying, such 
notice must be sent to the Issuer in accordance with section 14 (Notices) by the 
relevant Noteholder within [10][●][Business Days][calendar days] upon reception of 
the notice of the early redemption of the Notes by the Issuer in accordance with 
section 4.1 (the "Delivery Notice").[in case of Crypto Securities insert: If the Note 
to be redeemed is in the form of a Crypto Security, the Noteholder must also submit 
to the Crypto Registrar the instruction to change against proof of delivery effected on 
behalf of the Issuer the Crypto Securities Register to reflect a change of ownership 
over the respective Token for the benefit of the Issuer. If the Crypto Registrar has 
appointed a third party as a recipient for such instruction and has notified the 
Noteholder accordingly such instruction must be submitted to such third party.] 
5.7
The Delivery Notice must contain the following details:
(i) 
Name and address of the Noteholder; [and]

--- Page 99 ---
99
(ii) 
The Noteholder Custody Bank[;] [and]
[in case Section 4 Option B 2 (concurrent agio) or Section 4 Option C 2 
(concurrent agio) is applicable, insert:
(iii) 
Evidence of the date of acquisition of the Note by the relevant Noteholder in 
the form of an account statement or similar].]]
6
Disruption Events and Postponement or Suspension
6.1
Disruption Events
The Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to), with respect to any day, determine 
that one or more of the following disruption events has occurred or exists on such 
day (each such event a "Disruption Event"):
(i) 
trading and/or settlement in gold is subject to a material suspension or 
material limitation on the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other 
primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of gold; or 
(ii) 
the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other primary exchange or 
trading facility for the trading of gold is not open for trading for any reason 
(including a scheduled closure); or
(iii) 
trading in gold on such over-the-counter market of the LBMA or any other 
primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of gold has been 
permanently discontinued or has disappeared. 
6.2
Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or 
exists with respect to any day, it may (but shall not be obliged to), if a 
Disruption Event falls on such date, on the immediately following Business 
Day give notice of the postponement and/or suspension of: 
(a) 
[the relevant Noteholder Exercise Date][Intentionally left blank];
(b) 
[the calculation of the relevant Applicable Gold Price][Intentionally left 
blank];
(c) 
[In case Section 3 is applicable, insert: the relevant Noteholder 
Exercise Valuation Date][Intentionally left blank];
(d) 
[In case Section 4 Option B or Section 4 Option C is applicable, 
insert: the relevant Issuer Exercise Valuation Date][Intentionally left 
blank];
(e) 
[In case Section 3 is applicable, insert: the relevant Delivery 
Settlement Date;]
(f) 
[the relevant Payment Settlement Date][Intentionally left blank]; or
(g) 
[the relevant Issuer Call Date][Intentionally left blank],
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent, specifying: 
(a) 
the Disruption Event which has occurred or is existing on the relevant 
day;

--- Page 100 ---
100
(b) 
whether the suspension and/or postponement relating to such 
Disruption Event will be in respect of a single day (a "Suspended 
Day") or for as long as the Disruption Event continues (a 
"Suspension Period"); and
(c) 
which of the dates set out in section 6.2(i) [[(a)][●] to [(g)][●]][●] will 
be postponed and/or suspended on such Suspended Day or during 
such Suspended Period, as applicable and, in determining this, the 
Calculation Agent shall consider whether the relevant Disruption 
Event would disrupt the actions required to be performed by the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Depository 
Agent or the Noteholders in connection with the redemption of the 
Notes,
such notice, a "Suspension Notice". If the Suspension Notice is in respect 
of a Suspension Period, such period will end when the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer and the Paying Agent that such suspension and/or 
postponement is over.
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not 
a Disruption Event is continuing with respect to any day unless a Suspension 
Notice has been given in respect of a Suspension Period in which case the 
Calculation Agent's obligation to monitor the relevant Disruption Event will 
continue until it has determined that such Disruption Event has ceased 
following which it will give notification of the end of the Suspension Period in 
accordance with section 6.2(i). The Calculation Agent shall have no liability 
to the Issuer or any other person for any determination or non-determination 
that it makes in respect of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event.
6.3
Postponement relating to the Redemption of the Notes
(i) 
If, in respect of a Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent has specified in the 
related Suspension Notice that one of the dates listed in section 6.2(i) 
[[(a)][●] to [(e)][●]][●] (a "Disruption Postponable Date") shall be postponed 
until following the end of the Suspended Day or Suspension Period, then if 
any Disruption Postponable Date does occur on the Suspended Day or 
during the Suspension Period, such Disruption Postponable Date shall be 
deemed to have been postponed until the first following Non-Disrupted Day, 
provided that if no such Non-Disrupted Day has occurred on or prior to the 
10th Business Day following such Disruption Postponable Date, the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in consultation with the Calculation Agent, shall 
determine an appropriate method for redeeming the Notes and determining 
the dates listed in section 6.2(i) [[(a)][●] to [(e)][●]][●], as applicable, for the 
purposes of such redemption of the Notes (a "Disrupted Redemption 
Method"). For the avoidance of doubt, if any Disruption Postponable Date is 
postponed in accordance with this section 6.3(i), then any other dates or 
periods determined by reference to such Disruption Postponable Date that 
have yet to occur or conclude as at the time of such postponement shall also 
be postponed or adjusted accordingly.
(ii) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following determination 
of any Disrupted Redemption Method, notify the [Calculation Agent][,] [the

--- Page 101 ---
101
Paying Agent] and the Noteholders of the details of such Disrupted 
Redemption Method in accordance with section 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
No additional amount shall be payable or deliverable to any Noteholder in 
connection with any postponement to the timing, or any amendment to the 
method, in each case in accordance with section (i).
7
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing or Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source and 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event
7.1
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing
If on any Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing has been replaced by a successor price acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, then the Calculation Agent shall notify such determination to the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent and, with effect from the first Business Day following the date of 
such notice, such successor price shall be deemed to be the Applicable Gold Price 
Fixing for the purposes of the Notes but provided that it shall not affect any 
calculations or determinations already made using the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
being replaced. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, notify 
the Noteholders of the same in accordance with section 14 (Notices).
7.2
Successor Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source
If on any Business Day the Calculation Agent determines that the Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing Source no longer allows for the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
notwithstanding that the Applicable Gold Price Fixing continues to be determined, 
then the Calculation Agent will notify such determination to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent specifying a replacement price source that does display such Applicable Gold 
Price Fixing and, with effect from the first Business Day following the date of such 
notice, such successor price source shall be deemed to be the Applicable Gold Price 
Fixing Source for the purposes of the Notes but provided that it shall not affect any 
calculations or determinations already made using the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
displayed on the Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source being replaced. The Issuer 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, notify the Noteholders of the 
same in accordance with section 14 (Notices).
7.3
Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event
If at any time the Calculation Agent determines that an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event has occurred and gives notice of such determination (including a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer and the 
Paying Agent, then for the purposes of the Notes, the Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
shall be: 
(i) 
such other reference price for the Underlying as the Calculation Agent 
determines has replaced the Applicable Gold Price Fixing in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining a reference price for such 
Underlying in the primary over-the-counter market, exchange or trading 
facility for the trading of the Underlying; or
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no replacement reference 
price that can be determined in accordance with section 6.3(i), then such 
other reference price for the Underlying as the Calculation Agent determines

--- Page 102 ---
102
as most comparable to the Applicable Gold Price Fixing acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner,
(the "Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing") provided that in each case, the 
Calculation Agent must also have determined that no Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event would have occurred or be occurring in respect of such Replacement 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing if such Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing were 
the Applicable Gold Price Fixing. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable following notification of the occurrence of an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event, give notice of the Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing determined by it 
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent.
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any other person shall have any duty 
to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether an Applicable Gold Price Fixing 
Event has occurred.]

--- Page 103 ---
103
PART B: GENERAL CONDITIONS
8
Form of the Notes 
8.1
The bearer Notes issued by the Issuer are either represented by a permanent global 
bearer note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons, executed by two 
directors of the Company, or, if so specified in section 1 (Securities law, Definitions) 
by a Crypto Security by an entry into a Crypto Securities Register. No definitive notes 
will be issued. Any claim for delivery of definitive notes is excluded.
8.2
The Permanent Global Note is deposited with the Clearing System.
8.3
The Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note are transferable as co-
ownership participations. Ownership of the Notes represented by a Crypto Security 
is transferable by the relevant Noteholder being entered into the Crypto Securities 
Register as holder (Inhaber). The transfer of Notes will be effected free of charge by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, but upon payment by the relevant Noteholder of any taxes 
or other governmental charges which may be imposed thereon.
9
Status; Order of priority; Administrative costs
9.1 
The Notes constitute direct and unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer, secured by 
security interests granted to the Trustee under the Trust Agreement and the Security 
Agreements, which rank pari passu among themselves and with all other secured 
and unsubordinated outstanding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the 
Compartment, with the exception of any liabilities ranking in priority to the Notes 
under mandatory law. The Trustee shall hold the security interests in accordance 
with the Trust Agreement for the benefit of the Noteholders. No person (and, in 
particular, no Noteholder) other than the Trustee shall be entitled to enforce any 
security interests.
9.2 
Any amounts of cash received by the Issuer in accordance with any agreements 
entered into by it with respect to the Notes, or as the case may be, received by the 
Issuer from a realisation of the Underlying or any other Series Assets, or any 
amounts of the Underlying itself will be used in the order of priority (the "Order of 
Priority") below:
(i) 
discharge of any liabilities towards creditors privileged by law, in particular 
existing tax liabilities of the Issuer (if any), to the extent that these are due 
and payable;
(ii) 
discharge of any other liabilities of the Issuer in relation to the Compartment, 
in particular, if applicable, any Administrative Costs and the Service Fee; 
(iii) 
discharge of any liabilities towards the Noteholders.
The above Order of Priority applies to all holdings of cash and all of the Underlying 
held by the Issuer, regardless of the time when the Issuer receives such cash or the 
Underlying. The discharge of any liabilities defined as subordinated according to 
such Order of Priority will be subject to there being a remaining amount of cash or 
the Underlying subsequent to the discharge of all liabilities ranking in priority to them. 
Liabilities that are assigned the same rank in the Order of Priority will rank pari passu

--- Page 104 ---
104
among themselves; if any discharge of such liabilities is made (if any), this will be 
done on a pro-rata basis. 
9.3 
The Issuer may be entitled to receive payments which are related to the Series 
Assets (as defined in section 11) out of the Series Assets under an issuance of Notes 
as specified in Part B of the Final Terms for the purpose of discharging any other 
liabilities of the Issuer in relation to the Series of Notes (the "Administrative Costs").
9.4 
The Issuer may be obliged to pay out of the Series Assets under an issuance of 
Notes an initial fee (if any) as specified in Part B of the Final Terms to the Servicer 
(the "Service Fee") for the assumption of any additional running costs incurred by 
the Issuer in the course of the transaction.
10
Securitisation Act
10.1 
Pursuant to the Securitisation Act, the board of directors of a securitisation 
undertaking may be authorised under the articles of association of such 
securitisation undertaking to establish one or more compartments each 
compartment corresponding to a distinct part of its assets and liabilities. The 
management board of the Company is authorised under the articles of association 
of the Company to establish such Compartments. 
10.2
The Company (a) is subject to the Securitisation Act, and (b) will establish a 
Compartment in which all assets, rights and claims in connection with and under the 
relevant Series of Notes are collected and allocated.
10.3 
Pursuant to the Securitisation Act the assets of a Compartment are exclusively 
available to satisfy the rights of investors and of creditors whose claims have arisen 
in connection with the creation, the operation or the liquidation of that Compartment. 
10.4 
The Noteholders have only limited recourse to the Series Assets (as defined below) 
and not to the assets allocated to any other compartment created by the Company 
or any other assets (if any) of the Company.
10.5
Once all Series Assets (as defined below) have been realised, Noteholders are not 
entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or the Company to recover any 
further sums due and the right to receive any such sum shall extinguish.
11
Limited recourse; use of proceeds; waiver of legal steps and pursuit of legal claims
11.1 
Any claims and receivables arising from and under the Notes are limited to the Series 
Assets. The Series Assets will always be distributed pursuant to the order of priority 
as determined in section 9 (Status; Order of priority; Administrative costs). 
"Series Assets" means the assets underlying the relevant Series of Notes 
comprising (i) the Underlying, (ii) any rights of the Issuer with respect to the Notes, 
and any payments or amounts received by the Issuer under any agreement it entered 
into with respect to the Notes, (iii) to the extent complementary necessary for 
purposes of liquidity and cash management non-physical book entry gold at a 
maximum of 5% of the assets underlying the relevant Series of Notes.
11.2 
The Issuer is not obliged to make any payments or deliveries to Noteholders other 
than those for the purpose of distributing the Series Assets in accordance with 
section 11.1.

--- Page 105 ---
105
(i) 
If the Underlying or the net proceeds (the "Net Proceeds") resulting from the 
sale of the Underlying, as the case may be, together with the other Series 
Assets do not suffice for all payments or deliveries due with respect to the 
Notes being made, the total amount of the Issuer's liabilities with respect to 
the Notes is limited to the sum of the Underlying or the Net Proceeds, as the 
case may be, and the other Series Assets. For the avoidance of doubt: no 
other assets of the Issuer are available for making up any Shortfall possibly 
resulting from this. 
"Shortfall" means the amount by which the sum of the Underlying or Net 
Proceeds, as the case may be, and the other Series Assets is lower than the 
payments or deliveries which would have become due with respect to the 
Notes. 
(ii) 
If the Series Assets are definitely insufficient for the full and final settlement 
of the Noteholders’ claims in connection with the Compartment, the Issuer 
will not be liable for any resulting shortfall, and the Noteholders will not be 
able to assert any further claims against the Issuer. These assets and 
proceeds will be deemed to be "definitely insufficient" if the Issuer determines 
in its reasonable discretion that all Series Assets have been realised to the 
extent possible and that no further proceeds can be realised for the 
settlement of outstanding claims of the Noteholders. In such case, any claims 
to receive any further sums or deliveries due shall expire. 
11.3 
The Noteholders do not have any recourse right or claim with respect to the assets 
allocated to any other compartment created by the Company or any other assets of 
the Company.
11.4 
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to attach or otherwise seize the assets of the 
Issuer allocated to the Compartment or to other compartments of the Company or 
other assets (if any) of the Company. Noteholders shall not be entitled to petition or 
take any other step for the winding-up, the liquidation and the bankruptcy of the 
Company or any similar insolvency related proceedings.
12
Settlement of payments and delivery
12.1 
In the case of cash settlement of Notes issued in the form of a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer will arrange for the payments to be effected in the Issue Currency 
through the Paying Agent to the Clearing System for the purpose of crediting the 
amounts to the relevant accounts of the depositors of the Notes for forwarding to the 
Noteholders. The payment to the Clearing System discharges the Issuer from its 
obligations under the Notes in the amount of the relevant payment. In the case of 
physical settlement of Notes issued in the form of a Permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer will arrange for the delivery to be effected through the Depository Agent to the 
relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The delivery discharges the Issuer from its 
obligations under the Notes in the amount of the relevant delivery.
12.2 
In the case of cash settlement of Notes issued in the form of a Crypto Security, the 
Issuer will arrange for the payments to be effected in the Issue Currency to the 
account indicated by the Noteholder in the relevant written redemption request 
pursuant to section 14 (Notices). The payment to such Noteholder discharges the 
Issuer from its obligations under the Notes in the amount of the relevant payment. In 
the case of physical settlement of Notes issued in the form of a Crypto Security, the

--- Page 106 ---
106
Issuer will arrange for the delivery to be effected through the Depository Agent to the 
relevant Noteholder Custody Bank. The delivery discharges the Issuer from its 
obligations under the Notes in the amount of the relevant delivery.
12.3 
All taxes, charges, transaction fees and/or costs incurring under these Terms and 
Conditions in connection with the payment of amounts of money will be borne and 
paid by the relevant Noteholder. The Issuer and the Paying Agent are entitled, 
however, not obliged to withhold or deduct from the amounts payable to the 
Noteholder the amount or share, respectively, required for paying taxes, charges, 
fees or deductions or effecting other payments. Each Noteholder will indemnify the 
Issuer or the Paying Agent, respectively, against any losses, costs or other liabilities 
incurred by it in connection with such taxes, charges, fees, deductions or other 
payments with regard to the Notes of the relevant Noteholder.
Neither the Issuer nor any paying agent or other person are obliged to pay additional 
amounts in relation to any withholdings or deductions (i) made on or in relation to 
any securities pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") as well as the subordinate legislation passed 
thereunder ("FATCA"), pursuant to the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg implementing FATCA, or pursuant to any agreement 
between the Issuer, the United States or an authority of the United States with regard 
to FATCA, or (ii) made on or in relation to "dividend equivalent" payments pursuant 
to section 871 or 881 of the Code.
12.4 
The Issuer is entitled to deposit with the Local Court (Amtsgericht) of Düsseldorf all 
amounts payable under the Notes which have not been claimed by the relevant 
Noteholders within twelve months following the redemption of the relevant Notes, 
irrespective of whether the relevant Noteholders are in default in acceptance of 
payment or not. If such deposit is made, and the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
Noteholders' claims against the Issuer will be cancelled.
13
Tap Issue; cancellation
13.1 
The Issuer is entitled, at any time, to issue further notes with the same structure such 
that they will be consolidated with the outstanding Notes, form one single issue 
together with them and increase their number. In the event of such a Tap Issue, the 
term "Notes" will also include such further Notes issued in addition to the Notes which 
already exist. Tap Issues will be notified to the public in accordance with the 
provisions of the following section 14 (Notices).
13.2 
The Issuer is entitled, at any time, to acquire the outstanding Notes in the free market 
or in any other form and at any price. The Notes acquired will be cancelled by the 
Issuer. Previously, the Issuer will sell the Underlying on a pro-rata basis. 
14
Notices
14.1 
Notices and communications regarding the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer
(i) 
will be published on the internet site www.chartered-opus.com (or any other 
internet site which the Issuer communicates in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions at least six weeks beforehand) and become effective towards 
the Noteholders upon such publication, unless a later effective date has been 
set out in the relevant communication; or

--- Page 107 ---
107
(ii) 
will (a) be made for Notes issued in the form of a Permanent Global Note 
through the Clearing System for notification of the Noteholders and become 
effective on the third day following receipt of the communication by the 
Clearing System, or (b) be published in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and become effective towards the Noteholders upon 
publication in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), unless a later 
effective date has been set out in the relevant communication; or
(iii) 
will be made for Notes listed on the regulated market of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange in electronic form on the internet site of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
under the sections headed Official Notices (currently https://www.ser-
ag.com/en/resources/notifications-market-participants/official-
notices.html#/).
The Issuer does not intend to publish ongoing transaction information in relation to 
the Notes or in relation to the Underlying following the issue.
14.2 
Notices and communications regarding the Notes by the Noteholders
Notices and communications to the Issuer will be made to the following address:
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. 
6, rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
15
Presentation period
The presentation period pursuant to section 801 para. 1 sentence 1 BGB will be reduced to 
three (3) years. In the case of a valid exercise of the option to demand the delivery of the 
Underlying or payment in cash from the Issuer by a Noteholder, the presentation period shall 
begin on the date of such exercise. In the event of Section 4 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), an Event of Extraordinary Termination by the 
Issuer, an Event of Individual Extraordinary Termination by the Issuer or an Event of 
Extraordinary Termination by the Noteholders, the presentation period shall begin on (a) the 
third day following receipt of the relevant notice of the Issuer by the Clearing System where 
the notification is made through the Clearing System or (b) the day of the publication of the 
relevant notice by the Issuer in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), unless a 
later effective date has been set out in the relevant communication where the notification is 
made by the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). 
16
Calculation Agent
16.1 
The Issuer is entitled to replace the Calculation Agent with another investment firm 
within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU (such firm hereafter referred to an 
"Investment Firm") having its principal office or a branch in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area at any time, appoint one or several additional Calculation 
Agent(s) and revoke their appointment. Any replacement, appointment and 
revocation will be notified to the public without undue delay in accordance with 
section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and Conditions.
16.2 
The Calculation Agent is entitled to resign from its function as Calculation Agent at 
any time. The resignation will only become effective upon appointment of another

--- Page 108 ---
108
Investment Firm as Calculation Agent by the Issuer. Any resignation and 
appointment will be notified to the public without undue delay in accordance with 
section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and Conditions.
16.3 
The Calculation Agent will act exclusively as agent of the Issuer and has no 
obligations towards the Noteholders.
16.4 
All amounts to be paid or delivered in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, 
if any, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent. All calculations will be final and 
binding on all parties involved (save for manifest error).
17
Paying Agent
17.1 
The Issuer is entitled to replace the Paying Agent with another financial institution 
(such financial institution hereafter referred to as "Financial Institution") at any time, 
appoint one or several additional Paying Agent(s) and revoke their appointment. Any 
replacement, appointment and revocation will be notified to the public without undue 
delay in accordance with section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and Conditions.
17.2 
The Paying Agent will act exclusively as agent of the Issuer and has no obligations 
towards the Noteholders. The Paying Agent is released from the restrictions 
pursuant to section 181 BGB.
18
Depository Agent
19.1 
The Issuer is entitled to replace the Depository Agent with another person domiciled 
in the European Economic Area and/or Switzerland at any time. Any replacement 
will be notified to the public without undue delay in accordance with section 14 
(Notices) of these Terms and Conditions.
19.2 
The Depository Agent is entitled to resign from its function as Depository Agent at 
any time. The resignation will only become effective upon appointment of another 
person domiciled in European Economic Area and/or Switzerland as Depository 
Agent by the Issuer. Any resignation and appointment will be notified to the public 
without undue delay in accordance with section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and 
Conditions.
19
Cash Account Bank
19.1 
The Issuer is entitled to replace the Cash Account Bank with another financial 
institution domiciled in Luxembourg at any time. Any replacement will be notified to 
the public without undue delay in accordance with section 14 (Notices) of these 
Terms and Conditions.
19.2 
The Cash Account Bank is entitled to resign from its function as Cash Account Bank 
at any time. The resignation will only become effective upon appointment of another 
financial institution domiciled in Luxembourg as Cash Account Bank by the Issuer. 
Any resignation and appointment will be notified to the public without undue delay in 
accordance with section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and Conditions.
20
Extraordinary termination by the Issuer
20.1 
If an event entitling the Issuer to the extraordinary termination of the Notes as set 
out in section 20.2 below (each an "Event of Extraordinary Termination by the 
Issuer") occurs, the Issuer will be entitled, however not obliged, to terminate the 
Notes by giving notice of termination to the Noteholders pursuant to section 14

--- Page 109 ---
109
(Notices) of these Terms and Conditions stating the Business Day as of which such 
extraordinary termination is to become effective, against payment of the Redemption 
Amount. Once the relevant Redemption Amount has been paid, any claims to which 
the relevant Noteholder is entitled shall extinguish.
20.2 
Each of the following events constitutes an Event of Extraordinary Termination by 
the Issuer: 
(i) 
The underlying service level agreement dated 18 August 2015 and entered 
into between the Servicer and the Company (the "Service Level 
Agreement") is being extraordinarily terminated in accordance with its terms 
and it is definitely impossible to enter into any such service level agreement 
on similar terms;[
(ii) 
The crypto registry service agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the Crypto Registrar (as may be amended from time to time) is being 
extraordinarily terminated in accordance with its terms and it is definitely 
impossible to enter into any such service level agreement on similar terms; 
(iii) 
the onset of insolvency, imminent insolvency or over-indebtedness, or any 
similar situation of insolvency under the applicable law governing the 
custodian bank entrusted with the safekeeping of the Underlying;
(iv) 
any change in the tax treatment of the Issuer, the Notes or the Underlying 
applicable at the time the Notes are issued, which is based on either a 
change in legislation or a change in tax administration practice (a "Tax 
Event");
(v) 
the Terms and Conditions are invalid or unlawful, as a result of a change in 
any national or international laws, regulations, directives, decisions by courts 
of last resort or administration practice applicable at the time the Notes are 
issued;
(vi) 
subsequent to the date on which the Notes are issued, the performance of 
the Issuer’s obligations becomes unlawful, as a consequence of the 
occurrence of the following circumstances:
(a) 
as a result of the implementation or adoption of, or amendment to, 
any applicable legislation, interpretation, action or response of a 
regulatory authority or
(b) 
as a result of the promulgation, or interpretation by any competent 
court or competent government or regulatory authority (a 
"Competent Authority"), of any relevant statutory provision, or
(c) 
as a result of a public or private statement or action by, or response 
of, any Competent Authority or any official or representative of any 
Competent Authority acting in an official capacity (a "Regulatory 
Event").
20.3 
If an event entitling the Issuer to the individual extraordinary termination of the Notes 
of the individual Noteholder concerned as set out in section 20.4 below (each an 
"Event of Individual Extraordinary Termination by the Issuer") occurs, the Issuer

--- Page 110 ---
110
will be entitled, however not obliged, to terminate the Notes in respect of the 
individual Noteholder concerned by giving notice of termination to the Noteholder 
pursuant to section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and Conditions stating the Business 
Day as of which such extraordinary termination is to become effective, against 
payment of the Redemption Amount. Once the relevant Redemption Amount has 
been paid, any claims to which the relevant Noteholder is entitled shall extinguish. 
In such case, the termination by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 20.3 is only 
effective and applies in respect of the Notes of the individual Noteholder concerned.
20.4 
The following event constitutes an Event of Individual Extraordinary Termination by 
the Issuer:
(i) 
the Crypto Registrar extraordinarily terminates the relationship with an 
individual Noteholder who thereby is excluded from the participation in the 
Crypto Securities Register in accordance with the Crypto Registrar's general 
terms and conditions;
(ii) 
[intentionally left blank]
20.5 
Termination Notification
If an Event of Extraordinary Termination by the Issuer or an Event of Individual 
Extraordinary Termination by the Issuer occurs, the Issuer will notify the Noteholders 
or the Noteholder concerned in case of an Event of Individual Extraordinary 
Termination by the Issuer within a period of not more than 30 calendar days from the 
occurrence of such Event of Extraordinary Termination or Event of Individual 
Extraordinary Termination by the Issuer in accordance with section 14 (Notices) of 
these Terms and Conditions (the "Termination Notification").
Such Termination Notification will be made stating the date on which the 
extraordinary termination will become effective (the "Extraordinary Termination 
Date").
After the Termination Notification has been made, the Issuer will effect the 
redemption of the Notes at the Redemption Amount within the Default Period from 
and excluding the Extraordinary Termination Date in case of Extraordinary 
Termination by the Issuer.
21
Extraordinary termination by the Noteholders
21.1 
If any of the Events of Extraordinary Termination by the Noteholders described below 
occurs, all Noteholders will be entitled to the early termination of the Notes by giving 
notice to the Issuer with a copy to the Trustee, with the result that all Notes of the 
Noteholders then outstanding will immediately fall due and payable at their relevant 
Redemption Amount provided that the Issuer has received such notices from the 
Noteholders representing the Required Threshold Amount. The relevant Redemption 
Amount will be discharged in accordance with section 21.3 of these Terms and 
Conditions subject to limited recourse set out in section 11 (Limited recourse; use of 
proceeds; waiver of legal steps and pursuit of legal claims) of these Terms and 
Conditions.
21.2 
"Event of Extraordinary Termination by the Noteholders" means any of the 
following events:

--- Page 111 ---
111
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount due under the Notes within the Default 
Period;
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any material obligation under the Notes and 
such failure of due performance is incapable of being cured and continues 
over a period exceeding the Grace Period, subsequent to the receipt by the 
Issuer of a notification thereof from the Noteholder; or
(iii) 
insolvency proceedings or similar proceedings are opened over the Issuer’s 
assets under the law applicable to the Issuer.
(iv) 
The Issuer fails to restore the functionality of the non-operational Crypto 
Securities Register in which the Crypto Securities are entered into within a 
reasonably period set by the Noteholder. The porting of the Crypto Securities 
to a different operational Crypto Securities Register shall be equivalent to 
restoring the functionality of the non-operational Crypto Securities Register. 
21.3 
If the quorum specified in section 22.1 of these Terms and Conditions is reached and 
the Notes become due and payable pursuant to section 22.1 of these Terms and 
Conditions, the Trustee shall deliver a liquidation notice to the Issuer in accordance 
with the Trust Agreement and shall deliver a copy of such liquidation notice to the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent. Following receipt of the liquidation notice, 
the Issuer shall disclose such notice to all Noteholders without undue delay pursuant 
to section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and Conditions.
21.4 
After delivery of the liquidation notice by the Trustee to the Issuer, the Trustee shall 
liquidate the security interests granted to the Trustee in accordance with the Trust 
Agreement and the Security Agreements and distribute the proceeds of liquidation 
in accordance with the Trust Agreement.
22
Adjustment to the Terms and Conditions, noteholders’ meeting
22.1 
The Terms and Conditions may be adjusted or supplemented by the Issuer, subject 
to the Noteholders’ consent, based on a majority resolution in accordance with 
sections 5 et seq. of the of the German Act on Notes from Issues of Identical Debt 
Securities (as amended) ("SchVG"). In particular, Noteholders may approve an 
adjustment to material contents of the Terms and Conditions with the majorities 
specified in section 23.2 below, including any measures provided for in section 5 
para. 3 SchVG. A duly adopted majority resolution is binding on all Noteholders.
22.2 
Subject to the sentence below and subject to the quorum required pursuant to 
section 15 para. 3 SchVG, Noteholders pass resolutions with a simple majority of 
the voting rights held by those of them who participate in the vote. Resolutions 
adjusting material contents of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in cases of 
section 5 para. 3 nos. 1 to 8 SchVG, require a majority of at least 75% of the voting 
rights held by Noteholders participating in the vote in order to be effective (a 
"Qualified Majority").
22.3 
Resolutions of the Noteholders are passed at a noteholders’ meeting (sections 9 et 
seq. SchVG). The noteholders’ meeting is convened by the Issuer. Such noteholders’ 
meeting must be convened if Noteholders whose Notes represent together 5% of 
the Notes outstanding and which request that it be convened in writing, stating as a 
reason that they intend to resolve pursuant to section 5 para. 5 sentence 2 SchVG 
that the termination is not to take effect or that they have any other special interest

--- Page 112 ---
112
in convening such noteholders’ meeting. The convening notice to the noteholders’ 
meeting specifies further details of how resolutions are to be passed and how votes 
are to be cast. The convening notice to the noteholders’ meeting sets out, and serves 
to notify Noteholders of, the agenda specifying the subjects of the resolution and the 
proposals for resolution. In order to participate in a noteholders’ meeting or exercise 
voting rights, Noteholders are required to register for such noteholders’ meeting. 
Such registration must be received at the address specified in the convening notice 
by the third calendar day before the noteholders’ meeting at the latest.
22.4 
Noteholders must prove their entitlement to participate in the vote at the time they 
cast their votes by presenting (i) in case of Notes issued in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note both special proof of their custodian bank and a blocking note 
(Sperrvermerk) of their custodian bank during the voting period or (ii) in case of Notes 
issued in the form of Crypto Securities both a confirmation from the Crypto Registrar 
in respect of the Notes in text form (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder and (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes for which the 
Noteholder is recorded as such in the Crypto Securities Register and by submission 
of a blocking instruction from the Crypto Registrar stating that the relevant Notes are 
not transferable during the voting period. Disclosures are to be made pursuant to 
sections 5 et seq. SchVG and pursuant to section 14 (Notices) of these Terms and 
Conditions.
23
Other obligations of the Issuer
23.1 
The Issuer undertakes, in connection with the Compartment and, in particular, in 
relation to the Series Assets included in such Compartment, not to enter into any 
obligations other than those arising out of or in connection with the Service Level 
Agreement in relation to the agreements entered into in the normal course of the 
Issuer’s operations in connection with the Compartment (together the "Transaction 
Agreements") and not to engage in any activities other than those arising out of or 
in connection with the Transaction Agreements.
23.2 
The Issuer undertakes to make the annual financial statements available to it, as 
well as any other reports or information about the Reference Entity obtained by it, 
available to Noteholders in electronic form when requested to do so.
23.3 
The Issuer undertakes to incorporate limitation clauses into any future agreements 
on obligations of the Compartment which, in essence, correspond to the provisions 
set out in section 11 (Limited recourse; use of proceeds; waiver of legal steps and 
pursuit of legal claims) of these Terms and Conditions.
23.4 
Any amounts to be paid to Noteholders in relation to the Notes will be paid without 
deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any currently applicable or future 
taxes, duties or official fees of any kind which are charged to or collected at the Issuer 
by or for the Federal Republic of Germany or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or 
any entity authorised to collect taxes in the Federal Republic of Germany or the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, unless the Issuer is obliged, by virtue of law or any 
other statutory provision, to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or official fees. The 
Issuer is not obliged to pay additional amounts to the Noteholders as a consequence 
of any such deduction or withholding.
24
Miscellaneous

--- Page 113 ---
113
24.1 
Governing law
The form and content of the Notes as well as all rights and obligations resulting from 
the matters regulated in the Terms and Conditions are governed in any regard by the 
law of the Federal Republic of Germany, except for section 11 (Limited recourse; use 
of proceeds; waiver of legal steps and pursuit of legal claims) of these Terms and 
Conditions, which is governed by Luxembourg law.
24.2 
Adjustment to the Terms and Conditions, noteholders’ meeting
The Notes are governed by the provisions of the SchVG. The provisions of 
Articles 86 to 97 of the Companies Act 1915 regarding meetings of noteholders do 
not apply to the Notes.
24.3 
Place of jurisdiction
Place of jurisdiction for any claims and proceedings under or in relation to the Notes 
will be Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany, unless another place of jurisdiction 
has been provided for by mandatory law.
Jurisdiction for any decisions pursuant to section 9 para. 2 and section 13 para. 3 
SchVG will lie with the Local Court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main in accordance 
with section 9 para. 3 SchVG. Jurisdiction for any rescission of resolutions passed 
by the Noteholders will lie exclusively with the Regional Court (Landgericht) of 
Frankfurt am Main, in accordance with section 20 para. 3 SchVG.
25
Adjustments 
25.1
If the Terms and Conditions contain obvious clerical errors, the Issuer is entitled to 
correct them without the Noteholders' consent to the extent such correction is 
reasonable for the Noteholders, the Issuer's interests being taken into account, and, 
in particular, does not lead to a material deterioration of the Noteholders' legal and 
financial situation. Any corrections will be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with section 14 (Notices).
25.2
If the Terms and Conditions contain obvious calculation errors, the Issuer is entitled 
to correct them without the Noteholders' consent to the extent such correction is 
reasonable for the Noteholders, the Issuer's interests being taken into account, and, 
in particular, does not lead to a material deterioration of the Noteholders' legal and 
financial situation. Any corrections will be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with section 14 (Notices).
25.3
If the Terms and Conditions contain comparable obvious inaccuracies, the Issuer is 
entitled to correct them without the Noteholders' consent to the extent such 
correction is reasonable for the Noteholders, the Issuer's interests being taken into 
account, and, in particular, does not lead to a material deterioration of the 
Noteholders' legal and financial situation. Any corrections will be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with section 14 (Notices). 
25.4
Any other inconsistent provisions or omissions within the Terms and Conditions or in 
single provisions of the Conditions may be corrected or supplemented by the Issuer 
in its reasonable discretion (section 315 BGB). In this context, however, corrections 
or supplements are only permissible to the extent they are reasonable for the 
Noteholders, the Issuer's interests being taken into account, and, in particular, do not 
lead to a material deterioration of the Noteholders' legal and financial situation. Any

--- Page 114 ---
114
corrections will be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with section 14 
(Notices).
25.5
If the Issuer corrects or supplements a provision of the Terms and Conditions in 
accordance with this section 25 and notifies the Noteholders thereof, each 
Noteholder is entitled to terminate with immediate effect the Notes held by it within 
three weeks' time following the notification concerned to the extent the correction or 
supplement has a material adverse effect for the Noteholders on the Issuer's 
performance obligations. The Issuer has to inform the Noteholders about the 
termination right in the notification of the correction or supplement. If such 
termination is given notice of, the Notes concerned will be redeemed at the price 
paid by the Noteholder concerned for the acquisition of the Notes. 
25.6
In case of obvious clerical errors and comparable obvious mistakes within the Terms 
and Conditions, the Issuer will be entitled to rescission vis-à-vis all Noteholders. 
Such rescission may only be declared uniformly vis-à-vis all Noteholders and without 
undue delay upon becoming aware of such ground for rescission. The declaration is 
issued in the form of a notification in accordance with section 14 (Notices). 
25.7
In case of obvious calculation errors and comparable obvious mistakes within the 
Terms and Conditions, the Issuer will be entitled to rescission vis-à-vis all 
Noteholders. Such rescission may only be declared uniformly vis-à-vis all 
Noteholders and without undue delay upon becoming aware of such ground for 
rescission. The declaration is issued in the form of a notification in accordance with 
section 14 (Notices).

--- Page 115 ---
115
7 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
7.1 
Information about the Issuer
7.1.1 
Corporate information
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. was incorporated on 12 August 2015 under 
the laws of Luxembourg as a securitisation company (société de titrisation) in the 
form of a public limited liability company (société anonyme) and is subject to the 
provisions of the Securitisation Act. The LEI is: 222100JHXWNVSEDDBP89.
The Company has been incorporated for an unlimited duration and is registered with 
Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B199463.
The registered office of the Company is located at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 
Luxembourg (telephone number 00352 2644167).
The Company is a regulated securitisation undertaking (organisme de titrisation) 
under the supervision of the CSSF.
The articles of association of the Company were filed with the Luxembourg trade and 
companies register and published in the Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et 
Associations, number 2768 of 7 October 2015 on page 132828 (the "Articles").
The Company's website is www.chartered-opus.com, the content of which does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.
7.1.2 
Company is a special purpose vehicle
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of 
issuing asset backed securities.
7.1.3 
Solvency
No recent events particular to the Issuer have occurred which would materially be 
relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency.
7.2 
Business overview
7.2.1 
Description of the Issuer's principal activities
Pursuant to Article 4 of the Articles, the corporate objects of the Company are to 
enter into, perform and serve as a vehicle for, any securitisation transactions as 
permitted under the Securitisation Act. To that effect, the Company may, inter alia, 
acquire or assume, directly or through another entity or vehicle, the risks relating to 
the holding or property of claims, receivables and/or other goods or assets (including 
securities of any kind), either movable or immovable, tangible or intangible, and/or 
risks relating to liabilities or commitments of third parties or which are inherent to all 
or part of the activities undertaken by third parties, by issuing securities of any kind 
whose value or return is linked to these risks. 
The Company may assume or acquire these risks by acquiring, by any means, 
bonds, claims, receivables and/or assets, by guaranteeing the liabilities or 
commitments or by binding itself by any other means.

--- Page 116 ---
116
The Company may borrow in any form, it may issue notes, bonds, debentures, 
certificates, shares, beneficiary parts, warrants and any kind of debt or equity 
including under one or more issue programmes. The Company may lend funds 
including the proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of securities to its 
subsidiaries, affiliated companies or to any other company.
In accordance with, and to the extent permitted by, the Securitisation Act, the 
Company may also give guarantees and grant security over its assets in order to 
secure the obligations it has assumed for the securitisation of these assets or for the 
benefit of investors (including their trustee or representative, if any) and/or any 
issuing entity participating in a securitisation transaction of the Company. The 
Company may not pledge, transfer, encumber or otherwise create security over 
some or all of its assets, unless permitted by the Securitisation Act.
The Company may enter into, execute and deliver and perform any swaps, futures, 
forwards, derivatives, options, repurchase, stock lending and similar transactions. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the previous sentence, the Company may also 
generally employ any techniques and instruments relating to investments for the 
purpose of their efficient management, including, but not limited to, techniques and 
instruments designed to protect it against credit, currency exchange, interest rate 
risks and other risks.
The descriptions above are to be understood in their broadest sense and their 
enumeration is not limiting. The corporate object shall include any transaction or 
agreement which is entered into by the Company, provided it is not inconsistent with 
the foregoing enumerated objects.
In general, the Company may take any controlling and supervisory measures and 
carry out any operation or transaction which it considers necessary or useful in the 
accomplishment and development of its corporate objects, to the largest extent 
permitted under the Securitisation Act.
7.2.2 
Competitive situation
There is no statement in this Base Prospectus regarding the Issuer’s competitive 
position.

--- Page 117 ---
117
7.3 
Organisational Structure
The below chart illustrates the Issuer's position within its group:
7.4 
Profit forecasts or estimates
The Issuer has decided not to prepare any profit forecasts or profit estimates.
7.5 
Administrative, management, and supervisory Bodies
7.5.1 
Name, business address and functions
Pursuant to Article 12 of the Articles, the Company is managed by a management 
board (the "Board"), which is composed of at least three members, who need not 
be shareholders of the Company, out of which two need to be A directors and one 
needs to be a B director. In all instances the Board shall be composed of a majority 
of A directors. The Company’s directors shall be elected for a term not exceeding six 
years and shall be re-eligible.
Pursuant to Article 15 of the Articles, the Board is vested with the broadest powers 
to perform or cause to perform all acts of disposition and administration in the 
Company’s interest, including the power to transfer, assign or dispose the assets of 
the Company in such manner as the Board deems appropriate. All powers not 
expressly reserved by the Companies Act 1915 or by the Articles to the general 
meeting of shareholders of the Company or the supervisory board of the Company 
fall within the competence of the Board.
The directors of the Company are as follows:
Director
Category
Professional address
Principal outside 
activities
Mr Paolo Perin
'A' Director
6, rue Eugène Ruppert, 
L-2453 Luxembourg, 
Manager Legal & 
Corporate Services 
100% 
Administrator 
Servicer  
Opus (Public) Chartered 
Issuance S.A. 
(Luxembourg)
Chartered Investment 
Germany GmbH
(Germany)
Opus Chartered 
Issuances Stichting 
(the Netherlands)
Intertrust (Luxembourg) 
S.à r.l.  
or any legal successor
Encore Holding S.à r.l. 
100% 
Regulated companies

--- Page 118 ---
118
Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg
Intertrust 
(Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
Mr Nicola 
Melizzi
'A' Director
6, rue Eugène Ruppert, 
L-2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg
Manager Legal & 
Corporate Services 
Intertrust 
(Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
Mr Salvatore 
Rosato
'A' Director
6, rue Eugène Ruppert, 
L-2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg
Director Capital 
Markets Intertrust 
(Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
Mr Daniel 
Maier
'B' Director
Fürstenwall 172a, 
40217 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of 
Germany
Managing Director of 
Chartered 
Investment Germany 
GmbH
Mr Tobias 
Wenkel
'B' Director
Fürstenwall 172a, 
40217 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of 
Germany
Authorised Officer 
(Prokurist) of 
Chartered 
Investment Germany 
GmbH
In accordance with Article 19 of the Articles, the Company has a supervisory board 
consisting of between one and three members appointed by the general meeting of 
shareholders of the Company. The supervisory board may only exercise a right of 
information. The sole member of the supervisory board is Mr Eyal Agmoni, having 
his professional address at 179, Davinci Nihonbashi, building Nihonbashi, 4th floor, 
J – 103-0027 Chuo-Ku, Tokyo, Japan. There are no principal outside activities of Mr 
Eyal Agmoni that may be significant with respect to the Company.
7.5.2 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory bodies’ conflicts of interests
The principal outside activities of the members of the Board as employees of 
Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. or Chartered Investment Germany GmbH, 
respectively (as stated above), may be significant with respect to the Company to 
the extent that (i) Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. acts as administrator (the 
"Administrator") of, and may be an affiliate of any other party participating in, the 
issuance of assets and (ii) Chartered Investment Germany GmbH acts as calculation 
agent (the "Calculation Agent"). To the extent that there exists a conflict between 
the Administrator or the Calculation Agent and the Company, there may also be a 
conflict of interests between the private interests of the members of the Company’s 
Board and the interests of the Issuer.
The office of the Administrator serves as the registered office of the Company, which 
is located at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. Pursuant to the terms of the corporate services agreement dated 
18 August 2015 and entered into between the Administrator and the Company, the 
Administrator will provide certain administrative, accounting and related services in 
Luxembourg. In consideration of the foregoing, the Administrator will receive various 
expenses payable by the Company at rates agreed upon from time to time. The

--- Page 119 ---
119
appointment of the Administrator may be terminated by either the Company or the 
Administrator by giving not less than 90 days’ prior written notice with effect from the 
end of a month. The Administrator may be an affiliate of any other party participating 
in the issuance of assets. To the extent that there exists a conflict between such 
party and the Company, there may also be a conflict between the interests of the 
Administrator and those of the Company.
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH acts as servicer to the Company (the 
"Servicer"). Pursuant to the terms of the service level agreement dated 
18 August 2015 and entered into between the Servicer and the Company (the 
"Service Level Agreement"), the Servicer will provide advice and support to the 
Company in relation to:
(i) 
the running of the Company’s day-to-day operations and the performance 
and supervision of other administrative functions, such as the co-ordination 
and monitoring of the Company’s agreements,
(ii) 
the development of a range of marketable products,
(iii) 
the transaction management, e.g., organising and co-ordinating all external 
advisers required and monitoring the issuing procedure,
(iv) 
the product management, e.g., providing advice and support in relation to 
the risk management and calculating and monitoring upcoming cash-flows 
and collateral needs,
(v) 
the provision of technical assistance for raising capital and the provision of 
related services.
Neither the Issuer, nor the Servicer nor the Administrator will actively manage the 
Underlying acquired by the Issuer in the course of individual transactions.
In consideration of the foregoing, the Servicer will receive various expenses payable 
by the Company at rates agreed upon from time to time. The appointment of the 
Servicer may be terminated by either the Company or the Servicer by giving 90 days’ 
prior written notice.
The Servicer may be an affiliate of any other party participating in any issuance of 
assets. To the extent that there exists a conflict between such party and the 
Company, there may also be a conflict between the interests of the Servicer and 
those of the Company.
7.6 
Major Shareholders
7.6.1 
Share capital and shareholder
All the Company’s shares (31 shares fully paid up with a nominal value of EUR 1.000) 
are held by Encore Holding S.à r.l., a private limited liability company (société à 
responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Rupport, L-2453 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg 
trade and companies register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) 
under number B237634 (together with the Company the "Group").

--- Page 120 ---
120
7.6.2 
Change of control
There are no arrangements known to the Issuer which might result in a change of 
control of the Issuer at a subsequent date. 
7.7 
Statutory Auditors
The statutory audit firm (cabinet de révision agréé) of the Company is – and has 
been for the entire period covered by the historical financial information in Clause 
7.8 (Financial Information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities; financial 
position and profits and losses) – Ernst & Young S.A. of 35E avenue John F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. Ernst & Young is a member of the Luxembourg 
institute of auditors (Institut des réviseurs d’enterprises).
7.8 
Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities; financial position and 
profits and losses
7.8.1 
Consolidated financial statements
No consolidated financial statements have been prepared. 
7.8.2 
Historical financial information
The audited annual accounts as at 31 December 2021 (the "Audited Annual 
Accounts 2021") and the audited annual accounts as at 31 December 2022 (the 
"Audited Annual Accounts 2022") are each incorporated in this Base Prospectus 
by reference. 
7.8.3 
Accounting
The Company produces audited annual financial statements. The financial report of 
31 December 2015 is the first audited financial report of the Company. The reports 
in relation to the individual compartments established from time to time by the 
Company are created separately from the financial reports of the Company.
In accordance with Articles 461-1, 461-7 and 461-8 of the Companies Act 1915, the 
Issuer is obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis following approval 
of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of the shareholders. The 
annual general meeting of shareholders takes place each year on the fourth 
Wednesday in June or, if such day is not a business day for banks in Luxembourg 
and Germany, on the next following business day at 11.00 a.m. at the registered 
office of the Issuer or at such other place in the municipality of the registered office 
as may be specified in the convening notice.
A copy of any future published annual audited financial statements prepared for the 
Issuer may be obtained at the Luxembourg trade and companies register.
7.8.4 
Financial year
The Company's financial year begins on the first of January of each year and ends 
on 31 December of the same year, except for the first financial year that began on 
12 August 2015 and ended on 31 December 2015.
7.8.5 
Litigation and arbitration
None of the companies in the Group is engaged in any governmental, legal, 
arbitration, administrative or other proceedings (including any such proceedings

--- Page 121 ---
121
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which are likely to have a material adverse effect 
upon the Issuer's (or the Company’s) financial position or profitability.
7.8.6 
Material change
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of 
the Company since the date of the last published audited financial statements as of 
31 December 2022.
7.9 
Material contracts
There are no material contracts entered into by the Issuer which are outside the Issuer’s 
normal course of business.

--- Page 122 ---
122
8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PARTIES INVOLVED AND THEIR FUNCTIONS
Party
Function
Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.,
6, rue Eugène Ruppert L-2453, 
Luxembourg
"Administrator"
Means an agent as may be specified in the 
Final Terms.
"Calculation Agent"
Means a financial institution as may be 
specified in the Final Terms.
"Cash Account Bank"
Means any of the following agents as may 
be specified in the Final Terms:
Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative,
Raiffeisenplatz, 9001 St. Gallen, 
Switzerland
EFG Bank AG,
Bleicherweg 8, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland
Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG,
Marktplatz 13, 4001 Basel, Switzerland
Bank Cler AG,
Aeschenplatz 3, 4052Basel, Switzerland
Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG,
Elisabethenstr. 62, 4051 Basel, 
Switzerland
Bank Julius Bär & Co. AG,
Bahnhofstrasse 36, 8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland
BERGOS AG, 
Kreuzstrasse 5, 8008 Zurich, 
Switzerland
Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG,
Bleicherweg 18, 8002 Zurich, 
Switzerland
Cornèr Banca SA,
Via Canova 16, 6900 Lugano, 
Switzerland
Rothschild & Co Bank AG,
Zollikerstrasse 181, 8008 Zurich, 
Switzerland
Migros Bank AG, 
"Depository Agent"

--- Page 123 ---
123
Seidengasse 12, 8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
LGT Bank AG,
Herrengasse 12, 9490 Vaduz, 
Liechtenstein
LGT Bank (Schweiz) AG, 
Lange Gasse 15, 4002 Basel, 
Switzerland
Bank Vontobel AG, 
Gotthardstrasse 43, 8002 Zurich, 
Switzerland
Means an agent as may be specified in the 
Final Terms.
"Paying Agent"
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH, 
Fürstenwall 172a, 40217 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of Germany
"Servicer"
Means an advisor as may be specified in 
the Final Terms.
"Structuring Advisor"
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH, 
Fürstenwall 172a, 40217 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of Germany
"Trustee"
E-SEC GmbH, Fürstenwall, 172a, 40217 
Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany 
"Crypto Registrar" 
(jointly, but excluding the Crypto Registrar, 
the "Parties").
The Parties do not hold, either directly or indirectly, controlling interests in, or exercise control 
over, each other.

--- Page 124 ---
124
9 
TAXATION WARNING
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the 
Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes.
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes.
German tax resident investors purchasing and holding the Notes as private assets ("German 
Private Investors") should note that any capital gain from the disposition of the Notes should 
generally be taxable in case of Section 3 of the Terms and Conditions (Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Noteholder) Product Variant A and Product Variant C and Section 4 of the 
Terms and Conditions (Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) Option A and Option C. 
In case of Section 3 of the Terms and Conditions (Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholder) Product Variant B and Section 4 of the Terms and Conditions (Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer) Option B, German Private Investors should further note that there 
is no guarantee that the Notes can be disposed of without triggering a taxable capital gain 
even if the Notes were held for an uninterrupted period of at least one year following 
purchase. Also, it cannot be excluded that a German Private Investor in any case incurs a 
taxable capital gain in the first year after the individual purchase of Notes by such German 
Private Investor up to the amount of the fair market value of the relevant portion of the 
Delivery Settlement Quantity equal to the annual Fees.

--- Page 125 ---
125
10 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
10.1 
General
The distribution of this document and the offering of the Notes may be restricted by legal 
provisions in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer makes no representation as to the legality of 
the distribution of this document or the offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction under the 
registration and other provisions or exemptions in force there and assumes no responsibility 
that the document can be disseminated or an offer made.
Persons who obtain possession of this document are hereby requested by the Issuer to 
inform themselves about, and to observe, the relevant applicable restrictions.
In particular, restrictions apply with respect to the offer of the Notes issued within and outside 
the European Economic Area and in the United States of America (USA).
The Notes may only be offered or sold if all applicable securities laws and other applicable 
regulations are complied with which are applicable in the respective jurisdiction in which the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery of Notes is intended or in which the securities prospectus is 
distributed or held, and if all consents and approvals required in this jurisdiction for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery of securities have been obtained. Persons who come into 
possession of this document are hereby requested by the Issuer to check and comply with 
the applicable restrictions.
10.2 
European Economic Area
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" will be selected to be "applicable" in PART B – OTHER 
INFORMATION of the Final Terms the following restrictions apply:
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Distributor has represented and agreed, and each further Distributor appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" will be selected to be "not applicable" in PART B – OTHER 
INFORMATION of the Final Terms the following restrictions apply:

--- Page 126 ---
126
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
Each Distributor has represented and agreed, and each further Distributor appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of 
the EEA (each, a "Relevant State") that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to 
its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation;
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Distributor(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation;
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above will require the Issuer or 
any Distributor to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State, as applicable means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the offer conditions and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
10.3 
United Kingdom
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" will be selected to be "applicable" in PART B – OTHER 
INFORMATION of the Final Terms the following restrictions apply:
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each Distributor has represented and agreed, and each further Distributor appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision:

--- Page 127 ---
127
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" will be selected to be "not applicable" in PART B – OTHER
INFORMATION of the Final Terms the following restrictions apply:
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue
Each Distributor has represented and agreed, and each further Distributor appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in 
Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms 
contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA");
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Distributor nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 128 ---
128
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or Distributor to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation 
to any Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom
Each Distributor has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Distributor 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom.
10.4 
United States 
The Notes are not and, in the future, will not be registered in accordance with the provisions 
of the United States’ Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and are 
subject to certain requirements under U.S. tax law. 
The Notes are not appropriate for any person (natural, corporate or otherwise) who is (or 
who receives a guarantee or other credit support with respect to its obligations thereunder 
from) a U.S. Person. For this purpose, "U.S. Person" includes any person or entity that is 
either (1) a "U.S. person" as defined under Regulation S of the Securities Act or (2) a "U.S. 
person" under any of the 2013 Interpretative Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding 
Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations issued by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC"), Section 240.3a71-3(a)(4) of the regulations of the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or under any rule, regulation, guidance or 
interpretation of the CFTC or the SEC promulgated or issued on or after the date hereof (as 
amended). For the avoidance of doubt, "U.S. Person" as used herein, includes, without 
limitation any U.S. resident, corporation, company, partnership or other entity established 
under the laws of the United States. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold, 
assigned, transferred or distributed (in whole or in part) to any U.S. Person (or to any person 
or entity that receives a guarantee or other credit support with respect to its obligations 
thereunder from a U.S. Person).
Each purchaser of the Notes will be deemed to undertake and agree not to offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes to a U.S. Person.

--- Page 129 ---
129
11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents are incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference:
Document
Pages 
of 
the 
information 
incorporated by 
reference
Articles of association 
(in the English and French language) 
available at:  
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d3c3775a56864f1cb47ea853dd49235c
1 – 26
Audited Annual Accounts 2021
available at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10192362223da54c38a81a25ecd45405da
Audit report
1 – 3 
Balance Sheet
4 – 8 
Profit and Loss Account
9 – 10 
Notes to the Annual Accounts
11 – 31
Audited Annual Accounts 2022
available at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/104691d67a73984937b8e01d0d16c7c5c3
Audit report
1 – 3
Balance Sheet
4 – 8
Profit and Loss Account
9 – 10
Notes to the Annual Accounts
11 – 31
Base Prospectus for Secured Gold Tracker Notes 
dated 23 August 2022  
(the "2022 Base Prospectus") 
available at:
https://dl.luxse.com/dl?v=G4rdMzjEvAN71ZxXMB5DAKSFL+a88q
Jk7vFbEGyQ+LXh6h4X90qmxBcmwhA0ZoZA3QK5YPnFDEjkJeF
dbsz23bn9+Ro3NNzoyvrtaALjyDga8GqEZs9KV26Df0uyFd+DBOc
zKQCCbtMOsckt/in8jHDCFfgK1Cx+W5ogri9PKJIwmX7CjX06Rnv
2Kqa3PVzv
6 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
31 - 102
12 ANNEX 1: FORM OF FINAL TERMS
119 - 127
13 ANNEX 2: TRUST AGREEMENT
128 - 188
1st Supplement to the 2022 Base Prospectus
dated 13 October 2022 
available at:
https://dl.luxse.com/dl?v=mxrDZZ12fCMXxU8bcrrAEhSoEMcxFnt
3oFwR/PPD/ln8GT8Xifhmce5Rn951bGWOt7vai2jFeV5eOaQ6wV
UmF7s75FMGJymwq1Ii45IXh+ms0qRr37T0SpboQEu5pwt+jqbXE

--- Page 130 ---
130
Htswie2+D78amk5W4fZNpdycYObnhIcSJ7XEKRJCiWOJjFGyuCf
SUdXQICt
Amendments to the Base Prospectus for Secured Gold Tracker 
Notes dated 23 August 2022
3 - 6
2nd Supplement to the 2022 Base Prospectus
dated 21 August 2023 
available at:
https://dl.luxse.com/dl?v=PXIFsbD27E76LhFPUBkWkQFE3SyJLn
IErhbIEUdneYIP9nHWHUN6ACzKxaW5L7M/ZllzOYv3yRW8VtUY
ArIyrr/Fh5Cp+fHMQ5iOaJFFx/g6k9TQYoI43Pk6HcVtp+yBHfPzhq
0PhxlgXC06HauNE/lZwxS0a8ozZnICAWV5D1mfRcVyoThRx/Fn5
EbPj0z3
Amendments to the Base Prospectus for Secured Gold Tracker 
Notes dated 23 August 2022
4
The pages not listed in the above cross-reference list of the documents and any documents 
incorporated into these documents by reference are: (i) not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus; and (ii) either not relevant to the investor or already listed in another 
section of the Base Prospectus.
The abovementioned documents can be inspected under www.luxse.com (or any website 
replacing it).
Other websites contained in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority.

--- Page 131 ---
131
12 
STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES
The offer period (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Securities (as defined below) shall extend beyond the validity of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
(as defined in section 11 "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). Following the expiry of 
the 2022 Base Prospectus and the approval of the Base Prospectus (as defined in this Base 
Prospectus) the offering of the 2022 Base Prospectus Securities will continue under the 
Base Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the applicable form of Final Terms 
and the applicable form of the Trust Agreement from the 2022 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented by the 1st supplement dated 13 October 2022 and the 2nd supplement dated 
21 August 2023, (which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) will 
continue to apply to the 2022 Base Prospectus Securities. The Final Terms in respect of the 
2022 Base Prospectus Securities are available at the website(s) specified therein.
Investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Securities during the validity period of the 2022 Base Prospectus and before the Base 
Prospectus was published, shall have a right, exercisable within two working days after the 
publication of the Base Prospectus ending on 24 August 2023, to withdraw their 
acceptances, unless the 2022 Base Prospectus Securities have already been delivered to 
them. In order to exercise such withdrawal right, investors may contact the relevant 
Distributor.
For the purposes hereof, "2022 Base Prospectus Securities" means:
Name of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Securities
ISIN
Responsibly Sourced Gold (Physically 
Backed Secured Note)
DE000A3GYU35
Responsibly Sourced Gold (Physically 
Backed Secured Note)
DE000A3GYU27

--- Page 132 ---
132
Index
2022 Base Prospectus ............................. 129 
2022 Base Prospectus Securities ............ 131 
Additional Notes ......................................... 32 
Administrative Costs ................................. 104 
Administrator .................................... 118, 122 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ..... 35, 56, 79 
Aggregate Principal Amount ........... 34, 55, 78 
Aggregate Unit Amount .................. 34, 55, 78 
AIF .............................................................. 12 
AIFMD ........................................................ 11 
Applicable Gold Price . 38, 41, 45, 49, 62, 64, 
68, 72, 85, 88, 92, 96 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing .......... 35, 56, 79 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing Event 35, 56, 79 
Applicable Gold Price Fixing Source ... 35, 56, 
80 
Articles ...................................................... 115 
Audited Annual Accounts 2021 ................ 120 
Audited Annual Accounts 2022 ................ 120 
Base Prospectus .................................. 1, 135 
Benchmarks Regulation ............................... 2 
BGB ................................................ 36, 56, 80 
Board .................................................... 8, 117 
Book Entry Gold ........................................... 8 
Business Day .................................. 36, 56, 80 
Calculation Agent .. 36, 57, 80, 118, 122, 184 
Calculation Amount ........................ 36, 57, 80 
Cash Account Bank ................36, 57, 80, 122 
CBF ................................................ 36, 57, 80 
CFTC ........................................................ 128 
Clearing System ............................. 36, 57, 80 
Code ......................................................... 106 
Companies Act 1915 .................................... 1 
Company .............................................. 1, 135 
Compartment .................................. 34, 55, 78 
Compartment Liabilities ................................ 9 
Compartment Party ...................................... 9 
Competent Authority ................................. 109 
Conditions ..................................................... 1 
Crypto Registrar .............. 11, 36, 57, 80, 123 
Crypto Securities .......................................... 5 
Crypto Securities Register .......... 5, 36, 57, 80 
Crypto Security ............................... 36, 57, 80 
CSSF ............................................................ 2 
Default Period ................................. 36, 57, 80 
Delivery Option ..................................... 30, 83 
Delivery Request .................................. 74, 98 
Delivery Settlement Date ...................... 57, 81 
Delivery Settlement Quantity ... 42, 46, 59, 66, 
70, 83, 89, 93 
Depository Agent ......... 7, 11, 36, 57, 81, 122 
Depository Fee 39, 41, 43, 45, 47, 49, 60, 61, 
63, 65, 66, 67, 69, 70, 71, 73, 83, 84, 86, 
89, 90, 92, 94, 95, 97 
Disrupted Redemption Method .... 53, 76, 100 
Disruption Event ........... 36, 51, 58, 75, 81, 99 
Disruption Postponable Date ....... 53, 76, 100 
Distributor ................................. 25, 36, 58, 81 
DLT Network .............................................. 19 
EEA ...................................................... 3, 134 
ESMA ........................................................... 2 
EUWA .......................................... 3, 127, 134 
Event of Extraordinary Termination by the 
Issuer .................................................... 108 
Event of Extraordinary Termination by the 
Noteholders .......................................... 110 
Event of Individual Extraordinary Termination 
by the Issuer ......................................... 109 
eWpG ......................................... 5, 37, 58, 81 
Exchange Rate ............ 39, 40, 63, 64, 86, 87 
Extraordinary Termination Date ............... 110 
FATCA ............................................... 13, 106 
FATCA Provisions ...................................... 13 
Fees .... 39, 41, 42, 43, 45, 47, 49, 60, 62, 65, 
66, 67, 69, 70, 71, 73, 83, 84, 86, 88, 90, 
92, 94, 96 
Final Terms .................................................. 1 
Financial Institution .................................. 108 
FSMA ........................................... 3, 127, 134 
General Conditions 2022 ......................... 135 
German Private Investors ........................ 124 
Global Note ........................ 34, 35, 55, 78, 79 
Gold................................................ 38, 59, 82 
Grace Period .................................. 37, 58, 81 
Hire Act ...................................................... 13 
IBA ............................................................... 2 
IGA ............................................................. 13 
Initial Gold Quantity ..... 38, 41, 42, 43, 45, 46, 
47, 49, 59, 60, 62, 65, 66, 68, 70, 71, 73, 
83, 86, 88, 89, 90, 92, 93, 94, 96 
Initial Valuation Date ...................... 37, 58, 81 
Insurance Distribution Directive ........... 3, 134 
Intergovernmental Agreement ................... 13 
Investment Firm ....................................... 107 
ISIN .............................................................. 5 
Issue Currency ............................... 37, 58, 81 
Issue Date ...................................... 37, 58, 81 
Issuer ..................................... 34, 55, 78, 135 
Issuer Annual Fee . 39, 41, 43, 45, 47, 49, 60, 
62, 65, 66, 67, 69, 70, 71, 73, 83, 84, 86, 
89, 90, 92, 94, 95, 97 
Issuer Call Date ............................. 37, 58, 81 
Issuer Exercise Valuation Date ...... 37, 58, 81 
LBMA ....................................... 16, 35, 56, 79 
LEI ............................................................ 135 
MiFID II .................................................... 134 
Net Proceeds ........................................... 105 
Non-Disrupted Day ........................ 37, 58, 81

--- Page 133 ---
133
Non-exempt Offer ..................................... 126 
Note ................................................ 34, 55, 78 
Noteholder .................................................... 8 
Noteholder Exercise Valuation Date ... 37, 58, 
81 
Noteholders .................................................. 8 
Notes ............................. 1, 5, 34, 55, 78, 135 
Order of Priority ........................................ 103 
Original Notes ............................................. 31 
Parties ...................................................... 123 
Passthru Payments .................................... 13 
Paying Agent ........... 11, 37, 58, 82, 123, 184 
Payment Option .................................... 30, 83 
Payment Settlement Date .............. 37, 58, 82 
Permanent Global Note ............................ 103 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................ 3, 134 
Primary Issue Notes ................................. 135 
Product Conditions 2022 .......................... 135 
Programme ................................................... 1 
Prospectus Act ............................................. 2 
Prospectus Regulation ...........1, 25, 134, 135 
Public Offer ............................................... 127 
Qualified Majority ...................................... 111 
Record Date .... 43, 48, 61, 67, 71, 84, 91, 95 
Redemption Amount .................37, 58, 59, 82 
Redemption Determination ............. 46, 69, 93 
Redemption Request ............................ 50, 97 
Reference Banks ............................ 40, 63, 87 
Register ........................................................ 2 
Regulated Market ......................................... 7 
Regulatory Event ...................................... 109 
Relevant State .......................................... 126 
Replacement Applicable Gold Price Fixing
 .................................................. 54, 78, 102 
SchVG .......................................... 14, 27, 111 
Screen Page ............................ 39, 40, 63, 87 
SEC .......................................................... 128 
Securities Act ....................................... 2, 128 
Securitisation Act ....................... 1, 34, 55, 78 
Series Assets ..................................... 28, 104 
Service Fee .............................................. 104 
Service Level Agreement ................. 109, 119 
Servicer .................... 37, 38, 59, 82, 119, 123 
Shortfall .................................................... 105 
Structuring Advisor ........... 25, 38, 59, 82, 123 
Structuring Fee 39, 41, 43, 45, 47, 49, 60, 61, 
63, 65, 66, 67, 69, 70, 71, 73, 83, 84, 86, 
89, 90, 92, 94, 95, 97 
Substitution Redemption Request 48, 62, 72, 
85, 96 
Suspended Day ..................... 16, 52, 76, 100 
Suspension Notice ....................... 52, 76, 100 
Suspension Period ................. 16, 52, 76, 100 
t 39, 41, 42, 43, 45, 47, 49, 60, 62, 65, 66, 
67, 69, 70, 71, 73, 83, 84, 86, 88, 90, 92, 
94, 96 
Tap Issue ........................................... 31, 135 
Tax Event ................................................. 109 
Termination Notification ........................... 110 
Terms and Conditions .................................. 1 
Terms and Conditions 2022 ..................... 135 
Token ....................................... 18, 34, 55, 79 
Transaction Agreements .......................... 112 
Transaction Document ................................. 9 
Trustee ..................................................... 123 
UK ........................................................ 3, 134 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.......................... 3, 134 
Underlying .................................................... 1 
USD............................................................ 30 
Wallet ......................................................... 19

--- Page 134 ---
134
13 
ANNEX 1: FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") as it forms part 
of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
1 To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is selected to be "applicable" in PART B – OTHER 
INFORMATION of the Final Terms.  
2 To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is selected to be "applicable" in PART B – OTHER 
INFORMATION of the Final Terms.

--- Page 135 ---
135
Final Terms
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions, is set out below:
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A.
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 222100JHXWNVSEDDBP89
(the "Company")
and acting on behalf of its Compartment [●]
(the "Issuer")
Final Terms no. [●]
dated [●]
in connection with the base prospectus for [●] Secured Gold Tracker Notes dated 22 August 2023 
[(supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●])] (the "Base Prospectus")
for the [issuance][increase of the issue size] of [already issued]
[Title of relevant Series of Notes]
(together the "Notes")
ISIN: [●]
Series Number: [●]
Tranche Number: [●]
[(which will be consolidated with the [●] Notes [●] issued on [●] on the basis of the Final Terms no. 
[●] dated [●] to the Base Prospectus for [●] Secured Gold Tracker Notes dated [23 August 
2022][22 August 2023] (the "Primary Issue Notes") to form a single series (the "Tap Issue"))]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 22 August 2023 [and the Supplement[s] to this 
Base Prospectus dated [●] (repeat as necessary)] which [together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document has been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 (5) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes. These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information[In the event of a continued public 
offer or an increase or an extension of a public offer to another Member State of Notes issued under 
the base prospectus relating to secured gold tracker notes dated 23 August 2022 insert:, save in 
respect of the general conditions (the "General Conditions 2022") and the product conditions (the 
"Product Conditions 2022") of the Notes which are extracted from the base prospectus relating to 
secured gold tracker notes dated 23 August 2022 [as supplemented by the 1st supplement dated 13 
October 2022] [and the 2nd supplement dated 21 August 2023] and which have been incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus as defined above and which constitute the "Terms and 
Conditions 2022")]. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base 
Prospectus and, where applicable, future supplements to it are available free of charge at the 
Company's registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as well

--- Page 136 ---
136
as on the website www.chartered-opus.com, or any website replacing it, and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or any website replacing it. 
All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are 
indicated as not applicable, not completed or deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms 
and Conditions.

--- Page 137 ---
137
[In the event of Notes offered for the first time under this Base Prospectus (including Tap Issues of 
these Notes), insert:
The Terms and Conditions for the respective Series are divided into a Part A (Product Conditions) 
and a Part B (General Conditions). Part A is being completed by the Final Terms set out below. Part 
B of the Terms and Conditions is already included in full in the Base Prospectus.]
[In case of a continued public offer or an increase or an extension of a public offer to another Member 
State of Notes issued under the base prospectus dated 23 August 2022 insert:
The Terms and Conditions for the respective Series are divided into a Part A (Product Conditions) 
and a Part B (General Conditions). Part A is being completed by the Final Terms set out below, as 
contemplated in the Product Conditions 2022. Part B of the Terms and Conditions is already included 
in full in the base prospectus relating to secured gold tracker notes dated 23 August 2022 [as 
supplemented by the 1st supplement dated 13 October 2022] [and the 2nd supplement dated 21 
August 2023] and which have been incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.]
[In the event of Notes intended to be offered to the public after the last day of validity of this Base 
Prospectus, insert:
The Base Prospectus will be valid until 22 August 2024 and will be replaced by a new base 
prospectus which can be found at www.chartered-opus.com by the last day of validity of the 
relevant valid Base Prospectus at the latest.]

--- Page 138 ---
138
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[The following section sets out the completed Part A (Product Conditions) which, together with Part 
B (General Conditions) form the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
[In case of Product Variant A: repeat the respective information of "Part A: Product Conditions" of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and complete the respective placeholders.]
[In case of Product Variant B: repeat the respective information of "Part A: Product Conditions" of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and complete the respective placeholders.]
[In case of Product Variant C: repeat the respective information of "Part A: Product Conditions" of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and complete the respective placeholders]]
[In case of a Tap Issue of Notes, insert:
These Notes will be merged with the Notes with ISIN [●], issued on [●], [first tapped on [●]] to form 
a single issue, thereby increasing the overall quantity from [●] to [●] and the aggregate principal 
amount from [●] to a new aggregate principal amount of [●] ([●][st][nd][rd][th] Tap Issue).]

--- Page 139 ---
139
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
Reasons for the offer, 
estimated 
net 
proceeds 
and 
total 
expenses
Reasons for the offer:
[If the Underlying consists of physical gold or physical responsibly 
sourced gold, insert: The Issuer will use the proceeds from the 
issuance of a Series of Notes to acquire the Series Assets.]
[(N.B.: If reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.)]
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]
[(N.B.: If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.)]
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable][●] 
[(N.B.: Expenses are required to be broken down into each principal 
intended "use" and presented in order of priority of such "uses".)]
Listing and admission 
to trading
[Not applicable. It is currently not intended to apply for admission of 
the Notes to trading in a regulated market.] [It is intended for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading in [●] on [insert the stock exchange]. 
Such admission to trading is scheduled for [●].][It is intended for the 
Notes to be introduced in [●] of [insert the stock exchange].]
Minimum 
Trading 
Amount
[Not applicable.] [It is intended to make an application to the effect 
that the Notes may only be traded at a minimum trading amount of 
[●]. Investors will therefore not be able to trade the Notes in [●] if 
these requirements are not met. The Notes’ tradability according to 
the prices continuously quoted will depend on the provisions and 
rules of the relevant stock exchange.][in case of Notes listed on Six 
Swiss Exchange insert: In accordance with the listing rules of the SIX 
Swiss Exchange, [●] has been appointed by the Issuer as 
representative to lodge the listing application for the listing of the 
Notes with SIX Swiss Exchange.]
Taxes 
and 
costs 
specifically charged to 
the 
subscriber 
or 
purchaser
[Not applicable.] 
[●]
Service Fee
[Not applicable.]
[If a service fee shall apply, insert:
The Service Fee amounts to [EUR] [●][%] [per annum] [of the issue 
price]. The Servicer may in turn bear any additional running costs the 
Issuer incurs in the course of the transaction.]
Administrative Costs
[Not applicable.]

--- Page 140 ---
140
[The Issuer will receive out of the Series Assets under this Series of 
Notes [a non-recurring fee of [●][%] [EUR][●]] [and] [a[n] [non-
recurring][annual] flat-rate sum for administrative costs of [●]% 
[p.a.]][, in each case] related to the [Series Assets][Aggregate 
Principal Amount][Calculation Amount] for the purpose of fulfilment of 
any other obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Series of Notes.]]
[Upon occurrence of an Event of Extraordinary Termination the Issuer 
will receive out of the Series Assets under this Series of Notes a 
handling fee of [●][%][EUR][●]].]
Authorisation
[Not applicable.]
[In case of new issues, insert information on the resolutions, 
authorisations and approvals based on which the Notes have been 
or will be created and/or issued.]
Offer conditions:
[Offer period]
[Subscription period]
[insert in the case of a defined end and start date of the offer period: 
The Notes will be offered from [●] to [●][, [●] [a.m.][p.m.] [(Frankfurt 
am Main local time)]].]
[insert in the case of an open ended offer period: The Notes will be 
offered from [●] [,[●] [a.m.][p.m.] [(Frankfurt am Main local time)]] and 
the public offer will terminate on the date the validity period for the 
Base Prospectus or any successor base prospectus expires.]
The Issuer reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to cancel the 
offer at an earlier date. In the event that the offer period is shortened, 
the Issuer will publish a notice at [www.chartered-opus.com][●].
Distributor
[●]
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
[Subscription 
procedure
[Insert a description of the subscription procedure: [●]]
[Insert a description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions, of early 
termination and of the manner for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: [●]]]
Description 
of 
the 
procedures 
and 
the 
date 
of 
the 
public 
announcement of the 
offer results
 [Insert description of the publication procedure.]

--- Page 141 ---
141
[Minimum / Maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application
[●]]
Issue Currency
[●]
Issue Date
[●]
[Aggregate Number of 
Notes 
[●]]
[Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount
[●]]
Initial issue price and 
issue size per Series
[The initial issue price per Note is [in case of unit quotation insert: 
[●] [(in words: [●])]][in case of nominal quotation insert: [●] [(in 
words: [●])] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount][, plus a 
subscription fee of [up to] [●] [(in words [●])] per Note].] 
[The initial issue price per Note of the individual Series of Notes is 
set out in the table below.
ISIN                     [Valorennr.]
Initial 
issue 
price 
in 
[Insert 
Issue 
Currency]
Issue size
[●]                        [[●]] 
[●] 
[●]] 
[The initial issue price per Note of the individual Series of Notes will 
be: [●][(which includes a subscription fee of [●] [(in words: [●]))] per 
Note.]
[Indication 
of 
the 
tranche 
that 
is 
reserved 
for 
certain 
markets, if the Notes 
are 
being 
offered 
simultaneously in the 
markets of two or more 
countries
[Not applicable.] 
[●]]
[Details (names and 
addresses) of dealer(s)
[Not applicable.] 
[List of all dealers: 
[●]]]
[Details (names and 
addresses) of Swiss 
Paying Agent(s) and 
Swiss market maker(s) 
for Notes listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange
[Not applicable.] 
[List of all Swiss Paying Agents: 
[●]]
[List of all Swiss market makers: 
[●]]]

--- Page 142 ---
142
[Selling commission
[Delete if not applicable]
[●]]
[Offer subject to the 
obligation to publish a 
prospectus 
[Not applicable.] [The Notes may be offered other than pursuant to 
Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [insert relevant Member 
State(s) – which must be jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements have been passported: [the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg][Germany][Liechtenstein][Spain][Sweden][Portugal][Au
stria] [Denmark]] [[insert in the case of a defined end and start date 
of the offer period: within the period from [insert date] to [insert date]] 
[insert in the case of an open ended offer period: within the period 
from [●] [,[●] [a.m.][p.m.] [(Frankfurt am Main local time)]] to the date 
the validity period for the Base Prospectus or any successor base 
prospectus expires].] [The Notes may [not] be publicly offered in 
Switzerland [without any restrictions in accordance with art. 35 et 
seq. of the Financial Services Act FinSA].]]
[Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants 
of 
the 
amount allotted and 
indication 
whether 
dealing in the Notes 
may 
already 
begin 
before the respective 
notification has been 
made
[Not applicable.] [The allotment will be made [●] and notified to the 
respective investor through [insert distributor], through which that 
investor acquires the Notes. [Dealing in the context of the intended 
listing in [●], which is scheduled for [●], prior to having made the 
notifications in accordance with the foregoing sentence is [not] 
possible.] [As applying for admission to trading on a stock exchange 
is currently not intended, it is not possible to start dealing before the 
respective notifications have been made in accordance with the 
foregoing sentence.]][●]]
Rating of the Notes
[Not applicable. The Notes are not rated.]
[The Notes to be issued [have been][are expected to be] rated:
[Standard & Poor's: [●]3]
[[Other]: [●]4]
This credit rating has / These credit ratings have] [been issued by/are 
expected to be issued by] [insert full name of legal entity which has 
given the rating] which [is not established in the European Union but 
a European Union affiliate has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of March 11, 2011 and by Regulation 
(EC) No. 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
May 21, 2013, indicating an intention to endorse its ratings, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision (including its 
ability to endorse [●] ratings) has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] [is established in the European Union 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by 
3 Insert brief explanation of the meaning of the rating.   
4 Insert brief explanation of the meaning of the rating.

--- Page 143 ---
143
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of March 11, 2011 and by Regulation (EC) No. 462/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of May 21, 2013, 
although notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.] [[is / is 
not] established in the European Union and [is / is not] registered 
[(pursuant to the list of registered and certified credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk))] under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of March 11, 2011 and 
by Regulation (EC) No. 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of May 21, 2013.]]

--- Page 144 ---
144
ANNEX: Issue-specific summary
[Insert the issue-specific summary relating to the Notes]

--- Page 145 ---
145
14 
ANNEX 2: FORM OF TRUST AGREEMENT
SICHERHEITENTREUHANDVERTRAG
COLLATERAL TRUST AGREEMENT
zwischen 
between 
Opus Chartered Issuance S.A.  
ausschliesslich in Bezug auf ihr Compartment [X] handelnd 
acting solely in respect of its Compartment [●]
– Emittentin und Sicherungsgeber / Issuer and Collateral Provider – 
und 
and 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH
– Treuhänder / Trustee –

--- Page 146 ---
146
Dieser 
Sicherheitentreuhandvertrag
(die
"Vereinbarung") wurde geschlossen am [●] 2023 
This 
collateral 
trust 
agreement 
(the 
"Agreement") was entered on [●] 2023 
zwischen:
between: 
(1) 
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A., 
geschäftsansässig in 6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, 
L-2453, 
Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, 
eingetragen in Registre de commerce et des 
sociétés de Luxembourg unter der Nummer B 
199463 (die "Gesellschaft", und in Bezug auf 
ihr Compartment [●], die "Emittentin" und 
"Sicherungsgeber"); und 
(1)  Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A., 
having its registered office at 6, Rue Eugène 
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, registered in the Registre 
de 
commerce 
et 
des 
sociétés 
de 
Luxembourg under the number B 199463 
(the "Company" and, acting in respect of its 
compartment [●], the "Issuer" and the 
"Collateral Provider"); and 
(2) 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH, 
eine Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung 
nach deutschem Recht mit Sitz in Düsseldorf 
und Geschäftsanschrift Am Fürstenwall 172A, 
40217 
Düsseldorf 
eingetragen 
im 
Handelsregister 
des 
Amtsgerichtes 
Düsseldorf 
unter 
HRB 
71114 
(der 
"Treuhänder"). 
(2)  Chartered Investment Germany GmbH, a 
limited liability company under German law 
with its registered office in Düsseldorf and its 
registered office in Am Fürstenwall 172A, 
40217 Düsseldorf, Germany, registered in 
the Commercial Register of the Düsseldorf 
Local Court under HRB 71114 (the 
"Trustee"). 
Die 
Parteien 
unter 
(1) 
bis 
(2) 
zusammen 
nachstehend die "Parteien" genannt. 
The parties under (1) to (2) together hereinafter 
referred to as the "Parties".
PRÄAMBEL
PREAMBLE
(A) Die Emittentin beabsichtigt auf den Inhaber 
lautende Schuldverschreibungen auszugeben, 
die es den Wertpapierinhabern ermöglichen, 
an der Wertentwicklung von Gold als Basiswert 
zu 
partizipieren 
(die 
"Wertpapiere"). 
Grundlage der Wertpapiere sind die dieser 
Vereinbarung als Anhang 1 beigefügten 
Wertpapierbedingungen 
(die 
"Wertpapierbedingungen"), die gleichzeitig 
wesentlicher Bestandteil dieser Vereinbarung 
sind. 
(A) The Issuer intends to issue bearer bonds 
which enable the Noteholders to participate 
in the performance of gold as the underlying 
(the "Notes"). The Notes are based on the 
terms and conditions for Notes attached to 
this Agreement as Annex 1 (the "Terms and 
Conditions"), which also form an integral 
part of this Agreement. 
(B) Zur Besicherung der Rechte und Ansprüche 
der Besicherten Parteien (wie nachfolgend 
definiert) 
beabsichtigt 
die 
Emittentin, 
Sicherheiten nach den Regelungen dieser 
Vereinbarung zu stellen. Der Treuhänder hält 
und verwaltet die Bestellten Sicherheiten (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) für die Besicherten 
Parteien 
nach 
den 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Wertpapierbedingungen 
und 
dieser 
Vereinbarung. 
(B) In order to secure the rights and claims of 
the Collateralised Parties (as defined 
below), the Issuer intends to grant collateral 
in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement. The Trustee will hold and 
administer the Provided Collateral (as 
defined 
below) 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
Collateralised Parties in accordance with 
the provisions of the Terms and Conditions 
and this Agreement. 
Vor diesem Hintergrund vereinbaren die Parteien 
was folgt: 
Therefore, the Parties agree on the following: 
1. 
DEFINITIONEN
1. 
DEFINITIONS
Alle Begriffe in dieser Vereinbarung haben, sofern 
nachfolgend 
nicht 
anders 
definiert, 
dieselbe 
Unless otherwise defined below, all terms used in 
this Agreement shall have the same meaning as

--- Page 147 ---
147
Bedeutung wie in den Wertpapierbedingungen. 
in the Terms and Conditions. 
In dieser Vereinbarung gelten folgende Definitionen:
The following definitions apply in this Agreement:
"Berechnungsstelle 
bezeichnet 
[Chartered 
Investment Germany GmbH][●] in der Funktion als 
Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf die Wertpapiere 
oder jede andere Person, die die Funktion der 
Berechnungsstelle übernommen hat, sofern dem 
Treuhänder schriftlich mitgeteilt wurde, dass diese 
Person 
die 
Funktion 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
übernommen hat. 
"Calculation 
Agent" 
means 
[Chartered 
Investment Germany GmbH][●] in its function as 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes or any 
other person who has assumed the function of 
Calculation Agent, provided the Trustee has been 
notified in writing that such person has assumed 
the function of Calculation Agent. 
"Bestellte 
Sicherheiten" 
bezeichnet 
alle 
Sicherheiten, die aufgrund der Sicherheitenverträge 
bestellt werden. 
"Provided Collateral" means collateral provided 
under the Collateral Agreements. 
"Besicherte 
Parteien"
bezeichnet 
die 
Wertpapierinhaber und den Treuhänder.  
"Collateralised Party" means the Noteholders 
(Wertpapierinhaber) and the Trustee. 
"Besicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten in jeglicher Währung, 
unabhängig davon, ob diese gegenwärtig oder 
zukünftig, tatsächlich oder eventuell, einzeln oder 
gemeinsam 
mit 
anderen, 
durch 
einen 
Hauptschuldner 
oder Garanten 
und mit 
der 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Geld oder einer 
anderen Verpflichtung geschuldet werden (unter 
anderem einschließlich aller Verpflichtungen aus der 
Parallelverpflichtung 
nach 
Ziffer 
4 
("Parallelverpflichtung") 
und 
aus 
einer 
Verpflichtung zur Leistung von Schadensersatz), 
welche die Emittentin den Besicherten Parteien 
aufgrund 
eines 
oder 
mehrerer 
Schuldverschreibungsdokumente zu zahlen hat 
bzw. 
schuldet 
(insbesondere 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten, die aus einer ungerechtfertigten 
Bereicherung oder einer unerlaubten Handlung 
resultieren).  
"Collateralised Liabilities" means all obligations 
in any currency, whether present or future, actual 
or contingent, individually or jointly with others, 
owed by a principal debtor or guarantor and 
subject to an obligation to pay money or to 
perform any other obligation (including, without 
limitation, any obligation arising from the parallel 
debt obligation under Clause 4 ("Parallel Debt 
Obligation") and any obligation to pay damages) 
which the Issuer has to pay to the Collateralised 
Parties under one or more Note Documents (in 
particular, all liabilities resulting from unjust 
enrichment 
or 
tort 
(ungerechtfertigten 
Bereicherung oder einer unerlaubten Handlung)).
"Schuldverschreibungsdokumente" 
bezeichnet 
(i) die Wertpapiere, (ii) diese Vereinbarung, (iii) die 
Sicherheitenverträge, 
(iv) 
die 
Zahlstellenvereinbarung zwischen der Emittentin 
und der Zahlstelle in Bezug auf die Wertpapiere, (v) 
die Berechnungsstellenvereinbarung zwischen der 
Emittentin und der Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf 
die Wertpapiere, und (vi) diejenigen sonstigen 
Dokumente, die von den jeweiligen Parteien als 
"Schuldverschreibungsdokument" bezeichnet und in 
Verbindung mit den Wertpapieren abgeschlossen 
werden.  
"Note Documents" means (i) the Notes, (ii) this 
Agreement, (iii) the Collateral Agreements, (iv) 
the paying agency agreement entered into 
between the Issuer and the Paying Agent in 
respect of the Notes, (v) the calculation agency 
agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes, 
and (vi) such other documents specified by the 
relevant Parties as the "Note Document" and 
entered into in connection with the Notes. 
"Sicherheitenverträge" 
sind 
alle 
Sicherheitenverträge, 
die 
als 
Sicherheit 
für 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin gegenüber den 
Besicherten 
Parteien 
abgeschlossen 
werden, 
einschließlich 
"Collateral Agreements" means all Collateral 
Agreements which are entered into as collateral 
for obligations of the Issuer to the Collateralised 
Parties, including 
(a) dieser Vereinbarung; 
(a) 
this Agreement;

--- Page 148 ---
148
(b) der zwischen den Parteien im Zusammenhang 
mit dieser Vereinbarung abzuschießenden 
Gebührenvereinbarung; 
(b) 
the fee agreement to be concluded 
between the Parties in connection with this 
Agreement; 
(c) der Pfandvertrag, der als Anhang 2 dieser 
Vereinbarung beigefügt ist; 
(c) 
the Pledge Agreement, attached to this 
Agreement as Annex 2; 
(d) der Kontoverpfändungsvertrag, der als Anhang 
3 dieser Vereinbarung beigefügt ist; 
(d) 
the Account Pledge Agreement, attached 
to this Agreement as Annex 3; 
(e) aller Dokumente, die von dem Treuhänder und 
dem 
Sicherungsgeber 
als 
"Sicherheitenvertrag" bezeichnet werden. 
(e) 
any document specified by the Trustee 
and the Collateral Provider as a "Collateral 
Agreement". 
"Verwertungserlöse" bezeichnet alle Beträge, die 
der 
Treuhänder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Besicherten 
Verbindlichkeiten erhalten hat, gleich ob diese als 
Zahlung auf eine Sicherheit oder durch die 
Vollstreckung einer Bestellten Sicherheit oder in 
sonstiger Weise erlangt wurden. 
"Realisation Proceeds" means all amounts 
received by the Trustee in respect of or in 
connection with the Collateralised Liabilities, 
whether received as payment on a collateral or 
through the enforcement of a Provided Collateral 
or otherwise. 
"Zahlstelle" bezeichnet [Société Générale S.A., 
Frankfurt am Main][●] in der Funktion als Zahlstelle 
in Bezug auf die Wertpapiere oder jede andere 
Person, die die Funktion der Zahlstelle übernommen 
hat, sofern dem Treuhänder schriftlich mitgeteilt 
wurde, dass diese Person die Funktion der 
Zahlstelle übernommen hat. 
"Paying Agent" means [Société Générale S.A., 
Frankfurt am Main][●] in its function as Paying 
Agent in respect of the Notes or any other person 
who has assumed the function of Paying Agent, 
provided the Trustee has been notified in writing 
that such person has assumed the function of 
Paying Agent. 
2. 
BESTELLUNG ALS TREUHÄNDER
2. 
APPOINTMENT AS TRUSTEE
2.1 
Der Sicherungsgeber hat dem Treuhänder 
aufgrund 
der 
Sicherheitenverträge 
die 
Bestellten Sicherheiten gewährt oder wird 
diese gewähren. 
2.1 
The Collateral Provider has granted or will 
grant the Trustee the Provided Collateral 
on the basis of the Collateral Agreements.
2.2 
Der Sicherungsgeber bestellt hiermit den 
Treuhänder als Sicherheitentreuhänder und 
beauftragt 
diesen 
die 
Bestellten 
Sicherheiten für die Besicherten Parteien zu 
halten und zu verwalten. Der Treuhänder 
nimmt 
hiermit 
seine 
Bestellung 
als 
Sicherheitentreuhänder an und verpflichtet 
sich, die Bestellten Sicherheiten für die 
Besicherten 
Parteien 
als 
Sicherheitentreuhänder 
nach 
den 
Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung zu 
halten und zu verwalten. 
2.2 
The Collateral Provider hereby appoints 
the Trustee as collateral trustee and 
instructs 
the 
Trustee 
to 
hold 
and 
administer the Provided Collateral for the 
Collateralised Parties. The Trustee hereby 
accepts its appointment as collateral 
trustee and agrees to hold and administer 
the Provided Collateral as collateral 
trustee for the Collateralised Parties in 
accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement. 
3. 
VOLLMACHT 
UND 
PFLICHTEN 
DES 
TREUHÄNDERS
3. 
POWER OF ATTORNEY AND DUTIES OF THE 
TRUSTEE
3.1 
Der Treuhänder nimmt sämtliche Aufgaben 
und Rechte 
aus dieser Vereinbarung 
ausschließlich im wirtschaftlichen Interesse 
der Besicherten Parteien entsprechend den 
Regelungen dieser Vereinbarung wahr. 
3.1 
The Trustee shall perform all duties and 
exercise all rights under this Agreement 
solely in the economic interest of the 
Collateralised Parties in accordance with 
the provisions of this Agreement. 
3.2 
Die 
Emittentin 
bevollmächtigt 
den 
Treuhänder 
wie 
folgt 
zugunsten 
der 
3.2 
The Issuer authorises the Trustee for the 
benefit of the Collateralised Parties as

--- Page 149 ---
149
Besicherten Parteien: 
follows: 
3.3 
Der Treuhänder kann:
3.3 
The Trustee may: 
(a) alle 
Sicherheitenverträge 
und 
mit 
diesen 
in 
Verbindung 
stehenden 
Dokumente in seinem Namen und für 
seine Rechnung abschließen; 
(a) enter in all Collateral Agreements and 
related documents in his name and 
on his behalf; 
(b) alle 
Erklärungen 
abgeben 
oder 
entgegennehmen, die in Verbindung 
mit den Bestellten Sicherheiten oder 
den Sicherheitenverträgen notwendig 
oder zweckmäßig sind; 
(b) make or receive any statements 
which are necessary or appropriate in 
connection 
with 
the 
Provided 
Collateral 
or 
the 
Collateral 
Agreements; 
(c) alle Handlungen vornehmen, die aus 
Sicht 
des 
Treuhänders 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dieser 
Vereinbarung 
oder 
den 
anderen 
Sicherheitenverträgen notwendig oder 
zweckmäßig sind oder von ihm als 
notwendig oder zweckmäßig erachtet 
werden; 
(c) take any action which, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, is necessary or 
advisable in connection with this 
Agreement or the other Collateral 
Agreements, or which is deemed 
necessary 
or 
advisable 
by 
the 
Trustee; 
(d) die Bestellten Sicherheiten nach Erhalt 
einer Mitteilung der Wertpapierinhaber 
nach 
Ziffer 22.1 
der 
Wertpapierbedingungen und nach den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
jeweiligen 
Sicherheitenvertrages verwerten; 
(d) realise the Provided Collateral upon 
receipt of a notification from the 
Noteholders 
in 
accordance 
with 
Section 22.1 of the Terms and 
Conditions and in accordance with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
relevant 
Collateral Agreement; 
(e) alle 
in 
dieser 
Vereinbarung 
vorgesehenen 
Sicherheitenfreigaben 
vornehmen; 
(e) carry out all releases of collateral 
provided for in this Agreement; 
(f) 
alle 
sonst 
notwendigen 
oder 
zweckmäßigen 
Handlungen 
und 
Maßnahmen vornehmen. 
(f) 
take 
all 
other 
necessary 
or 
appropriate actions and procedures. 
3.4 
Der Treuhänder kann alle sich aus den 
Sicherheitenverträgen ergebenden Kontroll-
, Verwaltungs- und Verfügungsrechte im 
eigenen Namen ausüben. 
3.4 
The Trustee may exercise in its own name 
all rights of control, administration and 
disposal 
arising 
from 
the 
Collateral 
Agreements. 
3.5 
Der Treuhänder ist: 
3.5 
The Trustee is: 
(a) nicht verpflichtet, zu ermitteln, ob ein 
Kündigungsgrund 
unter 
den 
Wertpapierbedingungen 
eingetreten 
ist; 
(a) not obliged to determine whether 
there is a reason for termination 
under the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) nicht verpflichtet, die Erfüllung der 
Zahlungs- und sonstigen Verpflichtung 
der Emittentin zu überwachen; 
(b) not obliged to monitor the fulfilment of 
the Issuer's payment and other 
obligations; 
(c) nicht verpflichtet, irgendeiner anderen 
Person (einschließlich der anderen 
Besicherten Parteien) (i) vertrauliche 
Informationen oder (ii) jegliche andere 
Informationen, 
deren 
Offenlegung 
(c) not obliged to disclose to any other 
person 
(including 
the 
other 
Collateralised Parties) (i) confidential 
information 
or 
(ii) 
any 
other 
information the disclosure of which

--- Page 150 ---
150
nach Ansicht des Treuhänders eine 
Gesetzesverletzung 
oder 
die 
Verletzung 
einer 
Treuepflicht 
begründen würde, offenzulegen; und 
would, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
constitute a breach of law or a breach 
of a fiduciary duty; and 
(d) nicht verpflichtet, in ein weiteres 
Treuhand- oder Vertretungsverhältnis 
mit dem Sicherungsgeber einzutreten. 
(d) not obliged to enter into a further 
fiduciary or agency relationship with 
the Collateral Provider. 
4. 
PARALLELVERPFLICHTUNG
4. 
PARALLEL DEBT OBLIGATION
4.1 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich hiermit im 
Wege 
eines 
abstrakten 
Schuldanerkenntnisses 
("Parallelverpflichtung"), 
an 
den 
Treuhänder Beträge zu zahlen, die allen 
gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen Beträgen 
("Ursprüngliche 
Verpflichtungen") 
entsprechen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
einer 
Besicherten 
Partei 
unter 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang mit 
den Wertpapieren 
schuldet. 
4.1 
The Issuer hereby undertakes by way of 
an abstract acknowledgement of debt 
(abstraktes 
Schuldanerkenntnis) 
(the 
"Parallel Debt Obligation") to pay to the 
Trustee amounts equal to all present and 
future amounts ("Original Obligations") 
which the Issuer owes to a Collateralised 
Party under or in connection with the 
Notes. 
4.2 
Der Treuhänder hat einen eigenen und 
unabhängigen Anspruch darauf, Zahlungen 
auf die Parallelverpflichtung zu verlangen. 
4.2 
The Trustee has its own and independent 
right to demand payments with respect to 
the Parallel Debt Obligation. 
4.3 
Die Parallelverpflichtung beschränkt nicht 
den 
Bestand 
der 
Ursprünglichen 
Verpflichtungen, auf die den Besicherten 
Parteien 
ein 
unabhängiger 
Zahlungsanspruch zusteht. 
4.3 
The Parallel Debt Obligation does not limit 
the scope of the Original Obligations to 
which the Collateralised Parties have an 
independent right of payment. 
4.4 
Ungeachtet der Bestimmungen in Ziffer 4.2 
und Ziffer 4.3, führt die durch die Emittentin 
geleistete Zahlung auf ihre Ursprünglichen 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Besicherten 
Parteien im selben Umfang zu einer 
Verringerung der und wirksamen Befreiung 
von der Parallelverpflichtung, die sie dem 
Treuhänder schuldet. 
4.4 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Clauses 
4.2 and 4.3, the payment made by the 
Issuer in respect of its Original Obligations 
to the Collateralised Parties shall result in 
a reduction of and effective discharge of 
the Parallel Debt Obligation owed by it to 
the Trustee to the same extent. 
4.5 
Die 
Parallelverpflichtung 
wird 
dem 
Treuhänder in seinem eigenen Namen und 
zu seinen eigenen Gunsten geschuldet und 
nicht als Erfüllungsgehilfe oder Vertreter 
einer anderen Person. 
4.5 
The Parallel Debt Obligation is owed to the 
Trustee in his own name and for his own 
benefit and not as a vicarious agent 
(Erfüllungsgehilfe) or representative of 
another person. 
4.6 
Alle Zahlungen auf die Parallelverpflichtung 
sind direkt an die Zahlstelle (auf ein Konto, 
welches die Zahlstelle oder die Emittentin für 
die Zahlstelle dem Treuhänder mitgeteilt 
hat) zur Weiterleitung an die Besicherten 
Parteien zu leisten. 
4.6 
All payments on the Parallel Debt 
Obligation must be made directly to the 
Paying Agent (to an account notified to the 
Trustee by the Paying Agent or the Issuer 
on behalf of the Paying Agent) for transfer 
to the Collateralised Parties. 
5. 
SICHERUNGSZWECK
5. 
PURPOSE OF COLLATERALISATION
Die Bestellten Sicherheiten dienen zur Sicherung 
der unverzüglichen und vollständigen Erfüllung aller 
Besicherten 
Verbindlichkeiten. 
Die 
Bestellten 
Sicherheiten dienen auch zur Sicherung einer 
The Provided Collateral are intended to ensure 
the 
immediate 
and 
full 
discharge 
of 
all 
Collateralised Liabilities. The Provided Collateral 
are also intended to secure a future extension,

--- Page 151 ---
151
künftigen Erweiterung, Verlängerung oder Erhöhung 
der Besicherten Verbindlichkeiten. 
prolongation or increase of the Collateralised 
Liabilities. 
6. 
VERWERTUNG 
DER 
BESTELLTEN 
SICHERHEITEN
6. 
REALISATION 
OF 
THE 
PROVIDED 
COLLATERAL
6.1 
Allgemeine Bestimmungen in Bezug auf 
die Verwertung der Sicherheiten 
6.1 
General provisions relating to the 
realisation of Collateral 
6.1.1 
Der Treuhänder ist nicht verpflichtet, eine 
Verwertungsmaßnahme in Bezug auf die 
Bestellten Sicherheiten vorzunehmen oder 
einzuleiten (unabhängig davon, ob diese zu 
Gunsten einer Partei dieser Vereinbarung 
oder zu Gunsten einer anderen Besicherten 
Partei erfolgen würde), es sei denn der 
Treuhänder 
hat 
eine 
Mitteilung 
nach 
Ziffer 22.1 
der 
Wertpapierbedingungen 
erhalten. 
6.1.1 The Trustee shall not be obliged to take or 
initiate an enforcement action in respect of 
the Provided Collateral (whether for the 
benefit of any party to this Agreement or 
for the benefit of any other Collateralised 
Party) unless the Trustee has received a 
notice in accordance with Clause 22.1 of 
the Terms and Conditions. 
6.1.2 
Der 
Treuhänder 
wird 
die 
Bestellten 
Sicherheiten im Verwertungsfall im eigenen 
Namen, 
jedoch 
für 
Rechnung 
der 
Besicherten 
Parteien, 
verwerten. 
Die 
Besicherten Parteien sind selbst nicht 
berechtigt, die Bestellten Sicherheiten zu 
verwerten 
oder 
irgendwelche 
Aussonderungsrechte 
bezüglich 
der 
Bestellten Sicherheiten geltend zu machen 
oder irgendwelche Rechte auszuüben, die 
ihnen unter den Sicherheitenverträgen 
zustehen. Solche Rechte können nur durch 
den Treuhänder ausgeübt werden. 
6.1.2 In the event of realisation, the Trustee will 
realise the Provided Collateral in its own 
name, but for the account of the Secured 
Parties. The Collateralised Parties are not 
entitled to realise the Provided Collateral 
or to assert any rights of segregation with 
respect to the Provided Collateral or to 
exercise any rights to which they are 
entitled under the Collateral Agreements. 
Such rights may only be exercised by the 
Trustee. 
6.1.3 
Die 
Bestellten 
Sicherheiten 
werden 
entsprechend 
der 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Sicherheitenverträge verwertet und die 
Verwertungserlöse 
entsprechend 
der 
Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung verteilt.
6.1.3 The Provided Collateral will be realised in 
accordance with the provisions of the 
Collateral Agreements and the proceeds 
of realisation will be distributed in 
accordance with these provisions. 
6.2 
Verwertungsverfahren 
6.2 
Realisation Process 
6.2.1 
Der Treuhänder wird gemäß Ziffer 22.3 der 
Wertpapierbedingungen sofort nach der 
Kenntniserlangung über den Eintritt eines 
Außerordentlichen Kündigungsereignisses 
für die Wertpapierinhaber und Erhalt einer 
Mitteilung nach Maßgabe von Ziffer 22.1 der 
Wertpapierbedingungen der Emittentin eine 
Verwertungsmitteilung zukommen lassen.  
6.2.1 The Trustee shall, in accordance with 
Clause 22.3 of the Terms and Conditions 
immediately upon becoming aware of the 
occurrence of an Event of Extraordinary 
Termination by Noteholders and receiving 
a notification in accordance with Clause 
22.1 of the Terms and Conditions send a 
liquidation notice to the Issuer. 
6.2.2 
Die Emittentin wird unverzüglich nach Erhalt 
der 
Verwertungsmitteilung 
gemäß 
Ziffer 6.2.1. bei der Zahlstelle ein Konto 
errichten und über dieses zugunsten des 
Treuhänders 
ein 
Pfandrecht 
bestellen 
("Verwertungskonto"). 
6.2.2 The Issuer shall open an account with the 
Paying Agent immediately upon receipt of 
the 
liquidation 
notice 
pursuant 
to 
Clause 6.2.1 and shall pledge this account 
to the Trustee ("Realisation Account"). 
6.2.3 
Nach Zustellung der Verwertungsmitteilung 
6.2.3 After the Trustee has sent the Issuer the

--- Page 152 ---
152
durch den Treuhänder an die Emittentin, 
wird der Treuhänder die Sicherungsrechte 
über 
die 
Bestellten 
Sicherheiten 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen 
der Sicherheitenverträge verwerten. 
liquidation notice, the Trustee will realise 
the security interests in the Provided 
Collateral 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions of the Collateral Agreements. 
6.2.4 
Der Treuhänder wird nur in dem Umfang 
verwerten, als dies zur Erfüllung der 
Besicherten Verbindlichkeiten erforderlich 
ist. 
6.2.4 The Trustee will only realise the collateral 
to the extent necessary to satisfy the 
Collateralised Liabilities. 
7. 
VERTEILUNG DER VERWERTUNGSERLÖSE
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
OF 
THE 
REALISATION 
PROCEEDS
7.1 
Alle Verwertungserlöse aus der Verwertung 
der 
Bestellten 
Sicherheiten, 
die 
der 
Treuhänder erhält, werden nach folgendem 
Rangverhältnis verteilt:
7.1 
All 
realisation 
proceeds 
from 
the 
realisation of the Provided Collateral 
received 
by 
the 
Trustee 
shall 
be 
distributed in the following order of priority:
(a) erstens, zur Zahlung von Steuern, die 
im Zusammenhang mit der Verwertung 
der Bestellten Sicherheiten stehen; 
(a) first, to pay taxes in connection with 
the 
realisation 
of 
the 
Provided 
Collateral; 
(b) zweitens, zur Zahlung auf ausstehende 
und 
fällige 
Provisionen 
und 
Aufwendungen des Treuhänders oder 
anderer an den Treuhänder zahlbarer 
Beträge (z. B. der nach Ziffer 12 
(Beauftragung Dritter) und 13 (Berater) 
zu zahlenden Beträge); 
(b) secondly, to pay on outstanding and 
due commissions and expenses of 
the Trustee or other amounts payable 
to the Trustee (e.g. the amounts 
payable 
under 
Clauses 
12 
(Engagement of Third Parties) and 13 
(Advisors));
(c) drittens, zur Zahlung der Kosten und 
Auslagen 
des 
Treuhänders 
im 
Zusammenhang mit der Verwertung 
der Bestellten Sicherheiten; 
(c) third, to pay the costs and expenses 
of the Trustee in connection with the 
realisation of the Provided Collateral; 
(d) viertens, 
zur 
Zahlung 
auf 
alle 
ausstehenden und fälligen Gebühren 
oder 
Provisionen 
unter 
den 
Wertpapieren; 
(d) fourth, to pay on all outstanding and 
due fees or commissions under the 
Notes; 
(e) fünftens, 
zur 
Zahlung 
der 
ausstehenden 
und 
fälligen 
Kapitalzahlungen 
unter 
den 
Wertpapieren;  
(e) fifth, to pay the principal payments 
outstanding and due under the Notes;
(f) 
sechstens, zur Zahlung aller anderen 
ausstehenden und fälligen Beträge 
unter den Wertpapieren; 
(f) 
sixth, to pay all other amounts 
outstanding and due under the Notes;
(g) siebtens, 
sofern 
keine 
weiteren 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
unter 
den 
Wertpapieren bestehen, zur Zahlung 
an diejenigen Personen, die zur 
vorzugsweisen Befriedigung vor dem 
Sicherungsgeber berechtigt sind; und 
(g) seventh, provided there are no other 
present or future liabilities under the 
Notes, to those persons entitled to 
priority payment before the Collateral 
Provider; and 
(h) achtens, 
zur 
Zahlung 
an 
den 
Sicherungsgeber. 
(h) eighth, for payment to the Collateral 
Provider.

--- Page 153 ---
153
7.2 
Abweichend 
von 
Ziffer 
7.1 
ist 
der 
Treuhänder 
berechtigt, 
nach 
freiem 
Ermessen 
einen 
Teilbetrag 
der 
Verwertungserlöse einzubehalten, den er: 
7.2 
Notwithstanding Clause 7.1, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to withhold at his 
discretion a part of the realisation 
proceeds which he may use: 
(a) für die Zahlung zukünftig entstehender 
Provisionen und Aufwendungen, die 
nach seiner vernünftigen Beurteilung 
nicht 
durch 
zukünftige 
Verwertungserlöse abgedeckt werden, 
benötigt; oder 
(a) for 
the 
payment 
of 
future 
commissions and expenses which, in 
his/her reasonable opinion, are not 
covered 
by 
future 
realisation 
proceeds; or 
(b) in Bezug auf Verwertungserlöse, die er 
aufgrund 
von 
Anfechtungs- 
oder 
anderen 
Rückforderungsrechten 
(gleich welcher Rechtsordnung diese 
Rechte unterliegen oder zukünftig 
unterliegen werden), für notwendig 
erachtet. 
(b) in respect of any realisation proceeds 
which he/she considers necessary 
under any right of appeal or other 
recovery 
rights 
(in 
whatever 
jurisdiction such rights are or will be 
subject to). 
7.3 
Der Treuhänder wird alle Besicherten 
Verbindlichkeiten nach dem Rangverhältnis 
in Ziffer 7.1 und für den Fall, dass der 
Verwertungserlös 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
vollständigen Befriedigung einer Rangstufe 
ausreicht, innerhalb dieser Rangstufe pro 
rata ablösen. 
7.3 
The 
Trustee 
shall 
discharge 
all 
Collateralised Liabilities in accordance 
with the ranking in Clause 7.1 and, if the 
realisation proceeds are not sufficient to 
satisfy a ranking in full, pro rata within that 
ranking. 
7.4 
Wenn der Treuhänder einen Einbehalt nach 
Ziffer 7.2, Absatz (a) gemacht hat, werden 
die so einbehaltenen Gelder nur ausgekehrt, 
wenn feststeht, ob und in welchem Umfang 
die von dem Treuhänder einbehaltenen 
Gelder für die in Ziffer 7.2, Absatz (a) 
genannten Zwecke benötigt werden. 
7.4 
If the Trustee has made a withholding 
under Clause 7.2, paragraph (a), the 
amount so withhold shall only be paid out 
if it is determined whether and to what 
extent the amount withhold by the Trustee 
is needed for the purposes set out in 
Clause 7.2, paragraph (a). 
7.5 
Alle 
Verwertungserlöse, die von dem 
Treuhänder entgegen den Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Ziffer 
7 
(Verteilung 
der 
Verwertungserlöse) an eine Besicherte 
Partei gezahlt werden und für die ein 
Rückforderungsanspruch besteht, werden 
von der entsprechenden Besicherten Partei 
treuhänderisch 
gehalten 
und 
sind 
unverzüglich nach Aufforderung durch den 
Treuhänder 
an 
den 
Treuhänder 
zurückzuzahlen. Der Treuhänder wird die 
Verwertungserlöse 
dann 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Ziffer 
7 
(Verteilung 
der 
Verwertungserlöse) 
verteilen. 
Der 
Treuhänder ist dabei berechtigt, alle ihm 
erforderlich 
erscheinenden 
Maßnahmen 
inkl. 
klageweiser 
Geltendmachung 
zu 
ergreifen. 
7.5 
Any realisation proceeds which are paid 
by the Trustee to a Collateralised Party in 
conflict with the provisions of this 
Clause 7 
(Distribution 
of 
realisation 
proceeds) and for which a claim for 
repayment exists, shall be held in trust by 
the relevant Collateralised Party and 
shall 
be 
repaid 
to 
the 
Trustee 
immediately 
upon 
demand 
by 
the 
Trustee. The Trustee will then distribute 
the realisation proceeds in accordance 
with the provisions of this Clause 7 
(Distribution of realisation proceeds). The 
Trustee shall be entitled to take all 
measures it deems necessary, including 
the enforcement of claims by way of legal 
action. 
7.6 
Der Treuhänder hat nach Verteilung der 
Verwertungserlöse in Übereinstimmung mit 
den 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Ziffer 
7 
(Verteilung der Verwertungserlöse) keine 
7.6 
The Trustee shall have no further 
obligations to the Collateralised Parties 
after the realisation proceeds have been 
distributed 
in 
accordance 
with 
the

--- Page 154 ---
154
weiteren Verpflichtungen gegenüber den 
Besicherten Parteien mehr. 
provisions of this Clause 7 (Distribution of 
the realisation proceeds). 
7.7 
Der Treuhänder wird alle nach dieser Ziffer 7 
(Verteilung 
der 
Verwertungserlöse) 
vorzunehmenden 
Zahlungen 
mit 
Erfüllungswirkung über die Zahlstelle auf 
das Verwertungskonto nach Ziffer 6.2.2 zur 
Weiterleitung an die Besicherten Parteien 
oder die Emittentin abwickeln. 
7.7 
The Trustee may settle all payments to be 
made under this Clause 7 (Distribution of 
Realisation Proceeds) with fulfilment effect 
(Erfüllungswirkung) through the Paying 
Agent to the Realisation Account pursuant 
to Clause 6.2.2 for transfer to the 
Collateralised Parties or the Issuer. 
8. 
FREIGABE DER BESTELLTEN SICHERHEITEN
8. 
RELEASE OF THE PROVIDED COLLATERAL
Sind 
die 
nach 
Ziffer 
5 
(Sicherungszweck) 
Besicherten 
Verbindlichkeiten 
vollständig 
und 
dauerhaft erfüllt, hat der Treuhänder die Bestellten 
Sicherheiten, soweit sie von ihm nicht in Anspruch 
genommen worden sind, an den Sicherungsgeber 
freizugeben. Ein etwaiger Übererlös aus der 
Verwertung 
ist 
an 
den 
Sicherungsgeber 
herauszugeben. 
If the Collateralised Liabilities in accordance with 
Clause 5 (Purpose of Collateralisation) are fully 
and permanently fulfilled, the Trustee shall 
release the Provided Collateral to the Collateral 
Provider to the extent that they have not been 
used. Any excess proceeds from the realisation 
shall be transferred to the Collateral Provider. 
9. 
ALLGEMEINE 
VERHALTENSPFLICHTEN 
DES 
SICHERUNGSGEBERS
9. 
GENERAL 
OBLIGATIONS 
OF 
THE 
COLLATERAL PROVIDER
9.1 
Bestellung der Sicherheiten
9.1 
Provision of Collateral
Der Sicherungsgeber hat alle zur Wirksamkeit und 
Durchsetzbarkeit 
der 
Sicherheitenverträge 
notwendigen 
Handlungen 
vorzunehmen 
und 
Erklärungen 
abzugeben, 
einschließlich 
des 
Versandes 
aller 
notwendigen 
Verpfändungsanzeigen.
The Collateral Provider shall take all actions and 
make 
all 
declarations 
necessary 
for 
the 
effectiveness and enforceability of the Collateral 
Agreements, including the delivery of all 
necessary pledge notices. 
9.2 
Weitere Verpflichtungen in Bezug auf die 
Bestellten Sicherheiten
9.2 
Further Obligations in relation to the 
Provided Collateral
Der 
Sicherungsgeber 
hat 
unverzüglich 
alle 
Handlungen und Maßnahmen vorzunehmen, die der 
Treuhänder berechtigterweise verlangt, um:
The Collateral Provider shall immediately take all 
actions and measures which the Trustee 
reasonably requires in order to: 
(a) die Sicherheiten zu bestellen, die aufgrund der 
Sicherheitenverträge zu bestellen sind; 
(a) provide the collateral to be provided under 
the Collateral Agreements; 
(b) dem Treuhänder zu ermöglichen, alle seine 
Rechte 
und 
Aufgaben 
unter 
den 
Sicherheitenverträgen auszuüben; und 
(b) enable the Trustee to exercise all its rights 
and 
functions 
under 
the 
Collateral 
Agreements; and 
(c) die Verwertung der Vermögensgegenstände, 
über die Sicherheiten bestellt wurden, zu 
ermöglichen. 
(c) to enable the realisation of the assets for 
which collateral have been provided. 
9.3 
Informationspflichten 
9.3 
Information obligations
9.3.1 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, wenn sie 
eine Mitteilung über die Kündigung der 
Wertpapiere 
nach 
Ziffer 
22.3 
der 
Wertpapierbedingungen erhalten hat, dem 
Treuhänder unverzüglich über den Erhalt 
einer Mitteilung über die Kündigung der 
Wertpapiere zu informieren und dem 
9.3.1 The Issuer undertakes, upon receipt of a 
notice of termination of the Notes in 
accordance with Clause 22.3 of the Terms 
and Conditions to inform the Trustee 
immediately of the receipt of a notice of 
termination of the Notes and to forward a 
copy of such notice to the Trustee.

--- Page 155 ---
155
Treuhänder eine Kopie dieser Mitteilung 
weiterzuleiten. 
9.3.2 
Der Sicherungsgeber verpflichtet sich, nach 
entsprechender Aufforderung durch den 
Treuhänder, 
unverzüglich 
alle 
Informationen 
und 
Dokumente 
zur 
Verfügung 
zu 
stellen, 
welche 
der 
Treuhänder benötigt, um seine Aufgaben 
als Sicherheitentreuhänder gegenüber den 
anderen Besicherten Parteien erfüllen zu 
können. 
9.3.2 The Collateral Provider agrees, upon the 
request of the Trustee, to promptly provide 
all information and documents required by 
the Trustee to enable it to perform its 
duties as collateral trustee in relation to the 
other Collateralised Parties. 
10. 
HAFTUNG, FREISTELLUNG
10. 
LIABILITY, INDEMNITY
10.1 
Im Falle nicht ordnungsgemäßer Erfüllung 
seiner Pflichten aus dieser Vereinbarung 
haftet der Treuhänder gegenüber den 
übrigen 
Parteien 
für 
jeden 
einzelnen 
Schadensersatzanspruch 
und 
die 
Gesamtheit 
aller 
Ansprüche, 
die 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Durchführung 
dieser Vereinbarung entstehen, insgesamt 
bis zur zweifachen Höhe der Laufenden 
Gebühr gemäß der Gebührenvereinbarung 
(die Laufende Gebühr entspricht 0,10% p.a. 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags). 
Diese 
Haftungsbegrenzung 
gilt 
für 
alle 
Schadensersatzansprüche, 
die 
auf 
einfacher Fahrlässigkeit des Treuhänders 
beruhen. Sie findet keine Anwendung auf 
Ansprüche wegen der Verletzung von 
Leben, Körper, Freiheit oder Gesundheit. 
10.1 In the event that the Trustee fails to 
properly perform his obligations under this 
Agreement, the Trustee shall be liable to 
the other Parties for each and every claim 
for damages and the aggregate of all 
claims arising in connection with the 
performance of this Agreement, up to a 
total of twice the amount of the Running 
Fee (Laufende Gebühr) as set out in the 
Fee 
Agreement 
(the 
Running 
Fee 
amounts to 0.10% p.a. of the total nominal 
amount 
(Gesamtnennbetrag)). 
This 
limitation of liability shall apply to all claims 
for damages based on simple negligence 
on the part of the Trustee. It shall not apply 
to claims based on injury to life, body, 
freedom or health. 
10.2 
Die Emittentin wird den Treuhänder von 
sämtlichen Schäden freistellen und den 
Treuhänder diesbezüglich schadlos halten, 
die 
dem 
Treuhänder 
aufgrund 
irgendwelcher 
Handlungen 
oder 
Unterlassungen in der Ausübung oder 
angenommenen Ausübung seiner in dieser 
Vereinbarung enthaltenen Rechte entstehen 
oder gegen ihn geltend gemacht werden, es 
sei denn, diese Schäden sind auf grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit 
oder 
Vorsatz 
des 
Treuhänders zurückzuführen. 
10.2 The Issuer shall indemnify and hold the 
Trustee harmless in respect of any loss or 
damage suffered or alleged to have been 
suffered by the Trustee as a result of any 
act or omission in the exercise or 
presumed exercise by the Trustee of its 
rights under this Agreement, except where 
such loss or damage is due to the gross 
negligence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit) or wilful 
misconduct (Vorsatz) of the Trustee. 
11. 
INFORMATIONEN AN DEN TREUHÄNDER
11. 
INFORMATION TO THE TRUSTEE
11.1 
Der Treuhänder darf die Richtigkeit und 
Vollständigkeit 
11.1 The Trustee shall be entitled to assume 
the accuracy and completeness of  
(a) jeder Zusicherung, Erklärung oder 
jedes Dokuments, das er als echt, 
richtig und entsprechend autorisiert 
ansieht; und
(a) any representation, statement or 
document that it considers authentic, 
accurate and duly authorised; and 
(b) jeder 
Aussage, 
die 
von 
einem 
Geschäftsführer, 
einer 
zeichnungsberechtigten Person oder 
einem Angestellten einer anderen 
(b) any statement made by a director, an 
authorised signatory or an employee 
of any other person (such as 
authorised solicitors) which, in the

--- Page 156 ---
156
Person 
(wie 
bevollmächtigten 
Rechtsanwälten) gemacht werden, die 
nach Auffassung oder berechtigter 
Annahme 
des 
Treuhänders 
im 
Kenntnisbereich oder im Rahmen des 
Einflussbereiches desjenigen liegen, 
opinion or reasonable belief of the 
Trustee, is within the knowledge or 
control of that person. 
unterstellen. 
11.2 
Der Treuhänder ist nicht für Folgendes 
verantwortlich: 
11.2 The Trustee shall not be responsible for 
the following: 
(a) die Angemessenheit, Richtigkeit und/ 
oder 
Vollständigkeit 
irgendeiner 
Information, gleich, ob schriftlich oder 
mündlich, die ihm von einer anderen 
Person nach den Bestimmungen oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Sicherheitenverträgen oder dem unter 
den 
Sicherheitenverträgen 
durchgeführten Geschäften, gegeben 
werden; oder
(a) the 
suitability, 
accuracy 
and/or 
completeness of any information, 
whether written or oral, given to it by 
any other person under the terms of 
or in connection with the Collateral 
Agreements 
or 
the 
transactions 
carried out under the Collateral 
Agreements; or 
(b) die 
Rechtmäßigkeit, 
Gültigkeit, 
Wirksamkeit, Angemessenheit oder 
Durchsetzbarkeit 
der 
Sicherheitenverträge 
oder 
jedes 
anderen Vertrages, jeder anderen 
Vereinbarung oder jedes anderen 
Dokuments, das in Vorgriff, aufgrund 
oder in Zusammenhang mit den 
Sicherheitenverträgen abgeschlossen 
oder vereinbart wurde. 
(b) the legality, validity, effectiveness, 
suitability or enforceability of the 
Collateral Agreements or any other 
contract, agreement or document 
entered into or agreed in anticipation 
of, by reason of or in connection with 
the Collateral Agreements. 
12. 
BEAUFTRAGUNG DRITTER
12. 
ENGAGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES
12.1 
Der Treuhänder kann zu angemessenen 
Marktpreisen die Dienste von solchen 
Dritten in Anspruch nehmen oder deren 
Informationen und Rat einholen, die aus 
technischen, 
organisatorischen 
oder 
rechtlichen Gründen in die Prüfung der 
Werthaltigkeit, der Verwertung oder die 
Abwicklung der Übertragung der Bestellten 
Sicherheiten einzubinden sind (z. B. Notare, 
Steuerberater, ausländische Dienstleister, 
Makler).  
12.1 
The Trustee may, at reasonable market 
prices, make use of the services of such 
third parties or obtain their information 
and 
advice, 
who, 
for 
technical, 
organisational or legal reasons, must be 
involved 
in 
assessing 
the 
value, 
realisation or executing the transfer of the 
Provided Collateral (e.g. notaries, tax 
advisors, foreign service providers, real 
estate agents). 
12.2 
Kosten und andere durch den Treuhänder 
an diese Dritten zahlbare Beträge werden 
durch den Sicherungsgeber erstattet. 
12.2 
Costs and other amounts payable by the 
Trustee to these third parties will be 
reimbursed by the Collateral Provider. 
13. 
BERATER
13. 
ADVISORS
13.1 
Der Treuhänder kann nach seinem eigenen 
Ermessen im Zusammenhang mit der 
Erfüllung seiner Verpflichtungen nach dieser 
Vereinbarung 
oder 
jedem 
anderen 
Sicherheitenvertrag 
Rechtsanwälte, 
Finanzberater, Banken oder andere Berater 
13.1 The Trustee may, at its sole discretion, 
engage the services of and seek advice 
from lawyers, financial advisers, banks or 
other advisers in connection with the 
performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement 
or 
any 
other 
Collateral

--- Page 157 ---
157
beauftragen und sich von diesen beraten 
lassen. Dies gilt unabhängig davon, ob 
betreffende 
Berater 
bereits 
im 
Zusammenhang mit den Wertpapieren oder 
den 
Sicherheitenverträgen 
durch 
den 
Treuhänder, die Emittentin oder eine andere 
Person beauftragt wurden. Der Treuhänder 
darf 
auch 
ein 
mit 
ihm 
verbundenes 
Unternehmen als Berater beauftragen. Eine 
Beauftragung eines Rechtsanwalts, eines 
Finanzberaters, einer Bank oder eines 
anderen 
Beraters 
darf 
nur 
zu 
Marktbedingungen 
und 
marktüblichen 
Preisen erfolgen. 
Agreement. This shall apply whether or not 
such 
advisors 
have 
already 
been 
appointed in connection with the Notes or 
the Collateral Agreements by the Trustee, 
the Issuer or any other person. The 
Trustee may also appoint it’s affiliate as an 
advisor. The engagement of a lawyer, 
financial advisor, bank or other advisor 
may only be made at market conditions 
and at customary market prices. 
13.2 
Wenn der Treuhänder Berater nach Ziffer 
13.1 beauftragt, muss der Treuhänder keine 
weiteren 
eigenen 
Nachforschungen 
anstellen und kann sich auf die so 
erhaltenen 
Informationen 
und 
die 
entsprechende Beratung verlassen. Der 
Treuhänder haftet nicht für Schäden oder 
Verluste, die aufgrund einer Handlung oder 
Maßnahme 
entstanden 
sind, 
die 
der 
Treuhänder im Vertrauen auf die erhaltenen 
Informationen 
oder 
die 
entsprechende 
Beratung vorgenommen hat. 
13.2 If the Trustee engages advisors in 
accordance with Clause 13.1, the Trustee 
is not required to make any further 
investigations of its own and can rely on 
the information and advice obtained in this 
way. The Trustee shall not be liable for any 
damage or loss arising from any action or 
measure taken by the Trustee in reliance 
on the information or advice obtained. 
14. 
KÜNDIGUNG DURCH DEN TREUHÄNDER
14. 
TERMINATION BY THE TRUSTEE
14.1 
Der Treuhänder kann seine Funktion als 
solche nach dieser Vereinbarung jederzeit 
ohne Begründung schriftlich mit einer Frist 
von 
drei 
Monaten 
zum 
Monatsende 
niederlegen. 
14.1 The Trustee may at any time and without 
giving reasons, resign from his function as 
such under this Agreement by giving three 
months' written notice to the end of a 
month.  
14.2 
In 
diesem 
Fall 
hat 
die 
Emittentin 
unverzüglich 
einen 
neuen 
Sicherheitentreuhänder zu bestellen. Hat 
die Emittentin nicht innerhalb von dreißig 
(30) Kalendertagen nach der Niederlegung 
nach Ziffer 14.1 einen Nachfolger bestellt, 
kann der Treuhänder auf Kosten des 
Sicherungsgebers 
einen 
Nachfolger 
bestimmen.   
14.2 In this case, the Issuer must immediately 
appoint a new collateral trustee. If the 
Issuer has not appointed a successor 
within thirty (30) calendar days after 
resignation pursuant to section 14.1, the 
Trustee may appoint a successor at the 
cost of the Collateral Provider. 
14.3 
Ist ein Nachfolger des Treuhänders bestellt, 
14.3 If a successor to the Trustee is appointed, 
(a) hat der Treuhänder alle seine Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
aus 
und 
in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dieser 
Vereinbarung 
und 
den 
sonstigen 
Sicherheitenverträgen, bei denen der 
Treuhänder 
Partei 
ist, 
an 
den 
Nachfolger des Treuhänders im Wege 
der befreienden Vertragsübernahme 
und sämtliche ihm übertragenen oder 
auf 
andere 
Weise 
Bestellten 
Sicherheiten in der erforderlichen Form 
an den Nachfolger des Treuhänders zu 
(a) the Trustee shall transfer all its rights 
and 
obligations 
under 
and 
in 
connection with this Agreement and 
the other Collateral Agreements to 
which the Trustee is a party to the 
successor of the Trustee by way of a 
contract 
transfer 
(befreiende 
Vertragsübernahme) and all Provided 
Collateral transferred to the Trustee 
or otherwise provided to the Trustee 
shall be transferred in the required 
form to the successor of the Trustee.

--- Page 158 ---
158
übertragen. 
Der 
Sicherungsgeber 
stimmt diesen Vertragsübernahmen 
bereits hiermit unwiderruflich zu; 
The 
Collateral 
Provider 
hereby 
irrevocably agrees to these contract 
transfers (Vertragsübernahme);  
(b) wird der Treuhänder von allen weiteren 
Verpflichtungen 
unter 
dieser 
Vereinbarung befreit, behält aber seine 
Ansprüche, sofern diese vor dem 
Zeitpunkt des Wirksamwerdens des 
Vertragsübergangs entstanden sind 
und auf den Zeitraum bis zum 
Wirksamwerden 
des 
Vertragsübergangs entfallen; 
(b) the Trustee shall be released from all 
further 
obligations 
under 
this 
Agreement, but shall retain his claims 
to the extent that these arose prior to 
the date on which the transfer of 
contract became effective and are 
incurred during the period until the 
transfer 
of 
contract 
becomes 
effective; 
(c) sind sämtliche Vollmachten, die der 
Sicherungsgeber 
dem 
Treuhänder 
gemäß dieser Vereinbarung erteilt hat, 
widerrufen und gelten zugunsten des 
Nachfolgers 
des 
Treuhänders 
als 
erteilt; 
(c) all powers of attorney granted to the 
Trustee by the Collateral Provider 
under this Agreement 
shall 
be 
revoked and shall be deemed to have 
been granted in favour of the 
successor to the Trustee; 
(d) haben 
der 
Nachfolger 
des 
Treuhänders und jede der anderen 
Parteien 
dieser 
Vereinbarung 
untereinander dieselben Rechte und 
Pflichten, die sie hätten, wenn der 
Nachfolger 
des 
Treuhänders 
von 
Anfang an als Sicherheitentreuhänder 
Partei dieser Vereinbarung gewesen 
wäre. 
(d) the successor of the Trustee and 
each of the other Parties to this 
Agreement shall have the same 
rights and obligations to each other 
as they would have had if the 
successor of the Trustee had been a 
party to this Agreement as collateral 
trustee from the beginning. 
14.4 
Der Sicherungsgeber trägt sämtliche Kosten 
und Gebühren, die in Verbindung mit 
Übertragungen 
nach 
Ziffer 
14.3 
(insbesondere 
die 
Neueintragung 
der 
Bestellten Sicherheiten) entstehen können. 
14.4 The Collateral Provider shall bear all costs 
and fees that may arise in connection with 
transfers pursuant to Clause 14.3 (in 
particular 
the 
re-registration 
of 
the 
Provided Collateral). 
15. 
PROVISION DES TREUHÄNDERS, KOSTEN UND 
AUSLAGEN
15. 
TRUSTEE 
COMMISSION, 
COSTS 
AND 
EXPENSES
15.1 
Die Emittentin wird dem Treuhänder eine 
Vergütung zahlen, deren Höhe zwischen der 
Emittentin und dem Treuhänder in der 
Gebührenvereinbarung 
gesondert 
zu 
vereinbaren ist.  
15.1 The Issuer shall pay the Trustee a fee, the 
amount 
of 
which 
shall 
be 
agreed 
separately between the Issuer and the 
Trustee in a fee agreement.  
15.2 
Die Emittentin trägt gemäß § 670 BGB alle 
angemessenen 
Kosten 
und 
Auslagen 
(einschließlich Rechtsberatungskosten und 
Kosten anderer Sachverständiger), die dem 
Treuhänder im Zusammenhang mit der 
Wahrnehmung der in diesem Vertrag 
vorgesehenen 
Aufgaben 
entstehen, 
einschließlich der Kosten und Auslagen im 
Zusammenhang mit dem Halten und der 
Verwertung der Bestellten Sicherheiten. 
15.2 In accordance with § 670 of the German 
Civil Code, the Issuer shall bear all 
reasonable costs and expenses (including 
legal fees and costs of other experts) 
incurred by the Trustee in connection with 
the performance of the duties set out in 
this Agreement, including costs and 
expenses in connection with the holding 
and realisation of the Provided Collateral.

--- Page 159 ---
159
16. 
BEGRENZTER RÜCKGRIFF; VERWENDUNG DER 
ERLÖSE;
VERZICHT 
AUF 
RECHTLICHE 
SCHRITTE 
UND 
VERFOLGUNG 
VON 
RECHTSANSPRÜCHEN 
16. 
LIMITED RECOURSE; USE OF PROCEEDS;
WAIVER OF LEGAL STEPS AND PURSUIT OF 
LEGAL CLAIMS
16.1 
Der Besicherten Parteien haben nur einen 
begrenzten 
Rückgriff 
auf 
die 
Vermögenswerte der Serie (Series Assets) 
(wie 
in 
den 
Wertpapierbedingungen 
definiert) und keinen Rückgriff auf die 
Vermögenswerte, die einem anderen von 
der 
Gesellschaft 
geschaffenen 
Compartment zugeordnet sind, oder auf 
andere Vermögenswerte (falls vorhanden) 
der Gesellschaft.
16.1 The Collateralised Parties have only 
limited recourse to the Series Assets (as 
defined the Terms and Conditions) and not 
to the assets allocated to any other 
compartment created by the Company or 
any other assets (if any) of the Company. 
16.2 
Sobald alle Vermögenswerte der Serie 
(Series Assets) verwertet worden sind, sind 
die Besicherten Parteien nicht berechtigt, 
weitere Schritte gegen die Emittentin oder 
die Gesellschaft zu unternehmen, um 
weitere fällige Beträge zurückzuerhalten, 
und das Recht auf Erhalt solcher Beträge 
erlischt.
16.2 Once all Series Assets have been 
realised, the Collateralised Parties are not 
entitled to take any further steps against 
the Issuer or the Company to recover any 
further sums due and the right to receive 
any such sum shall extinguish. 
16.3 
Alle Ansprüche und Forderungen aus und 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen sind auf 
die Vermögenswerte der Serie (Series 
Assets) beschränkt. Die Vermögenswerte 
der Serie (Series Assets) werden stets 
gemäß der in Abschnitt 6.9 (Status; 
Rangfolge; 
Verwaltungskosten) 
der 
Wertpapierbedingungen 
festgelegten 
Rangfolge verteilt.
16.3 Any claims and receivables arising from 
and under the Notes are limited to the 
Series Assets. The Series Assets will 
always be distributed pursuant to the order 
of priority as determined in section 6.9 
(Status; Order of priority; Administrative 
costs) of the Terms and Conditions. 
16.4 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, andere 
Zahlungen 
oder 
Lieferungen 
an 
die 
Besicherten Parteien vorzunehmen als 
solche, 
die 
der 
Verteilung 
der 
Vermögenswerte der Serie (Series Assets) 
gemäß 
Abschnitt 
11.1 
der 
Wertpapierbedingungen dienen.
16.4 The Issuer is not obliged to make any 
payments or deliveries to Collateralised 
Parties other than those for the purpose of 
distributing 
the 
Series 
Assets 
in 
accordance with section 11.1 of the Terms 
and Conditions. 
16.5 
Reicht der Basiswert (Underlying) bzw. der 
Nettoerlös aus dem Verkauf des Basiswerts 
(Underlying) zusammen mit den anderen 
Vermögenswerten der Serie (Series Assets) 
nicht aus, um alle fälligen Zahlungen oder 
Lieferungen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten, ist der 
Gesamtbetrag der Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf die Summe des 
Basiswerts 
(Underlying) 
bzw. 
des 
Nettoerlöses 
und 
der 
anderen 
Vermögenswerte der Serie (Series Assets) 
beschränkt. Um Zweifel auszuschließen: Es 
stehen keine anderen Vermögenswerte der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Verfügung, 
um 
einen 
eventuell 
entstehenden 
Fehlbetrag 
16.5 
If the Underlying or the Net Proceeds 
resulting from the sale of the Underlying, 
as the case may be, together with the 
other Series Assets do not suffice for all 
payments or deliveries due with respect to 
the Notes being made, the total amount of 
the Issuer's liabilities with respect to the 
Notes is limited to the sum of the 
Underlying or the Net Proceeds, as the 
case may be, and the other Series Assets. 
For the avoidance of doubt: no other 
assets of the Issuer are available for 
making up any Shortfall possibly resulting 
from this.

--- Page 160 ---
160
(Shortfall) auszugleichen.  
16.6 
Wenn die Vermögenswerte der Serie 
(Series Assets) endgültig nicht ausreichen, 
um die Ansprüche der Besicherten Parteien 
im Zusammenhang mit dem Compartment 
vollständig 
und 
abschließend 
zu 
befriedigen, haftet die Emittentin nicht für 
einen 
etwaigen 
Fehlbetrag, 
und 
die 
Besicherten Parteien können keine weiteren 
Ansprüche gegen die Emittentin geltend 
machen. Diese Vermögenswerte und Erlöse 
gelten als "endgültig unzureichend", wenn 
die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
feststellt, dass alle Vermögenswerte der 
Serie (Series Assets) so weit wie möglich 
verwertet wurden und keine weiteren Erlöse 
zur 
Begleichung 
der 
ausstehenden 
Ansprüche der Besicherten Parteien erzielt 
werden können. In diesem Fall erlöschen 
alle Ansprüche auf Erhalt weiterer fälliger 
Beträge oder Lieferungen. 
16.6 
If 
the 
Series 
Assets 
are 
definitely 
insufficient for the full and final settlement 
of the Collateralised Parties’ claims in 
connection with the Compartment, the 
Issuer will not be liable for any resulting 
shortfall, and the Collateralised Parties will 
not be able to assert any further claims 
against the Issuer. These assets and 
proceeds will be deemed to be "definitely 
insufficient" if the Issuer determines in its 
reasonable discretion that all Series 
Assets have been realised to the extent 
possible and that no further proceeds can 
be 
realised 
for 
the 
settlement 
of 
outstanding claims of the Collateralised 
Parties. In such case, any claims to 
receive any further sums or deliveries due 
shall expire.  
16.7 
Die Besicherten Parteien haben keine 
Rückgriffsrechte oder Ansprüche in Bezug 
auf die Vermögenswerte, die einem anderen 
von 
der 
Gesellschaft 
geschaffenen 
Compartment zugeordnet sind, oder auf 
andere Vermögenswerte der Gesellschaft. 
16.7 
The Collateralised Parties do not have any 
recourse right or claim with respect to the 
assets allocated to any other compartment 
created by the Company or any other 
assets of the Company. 
16.8 
Die 
Besicherten 
Parteien 
sind 
nicht 
berechtigt, 
die 
Vermögenswerte 
der 
Emittentin, die dem Compartment oder 
anderen Compartments der Gesellschaft 
zugeordnet 
sind, 
oder 
andere 
Vermögenswerte 
(falls 
vorhanden) 
der 
Gesellschaft zu pfänden oder anderweitig zu 
beschlagnahmen. Die Besicherten Parteien 
sind nicht berechtigt, die Auflösung, die 
Liquidation 
und 
die 
Insolvenz 
der 
Gesellschaft 
oder 
ähnliche 
insolvenzbezogene 
Verfahren 
zu 
beantragen oder sonstige Schritte zu 
unternehmen. 
16.8 
The Collateralised Parties shall not be 
entitled to attach or otherwise seize the 
assets of the Issuer allocated to the 
Compartment or to other compartments of 
the Company or other assets (if any) of the 
Company. The Collateralised Parties shall 
not be entitled to petition or take any other 
step for the winding-up, the liquidation and 
the bankruptcy of the Company or any 
similar insolvency related proceedings. 
17. 
BENACHRICHTIGUNGEN
17. 
NOTIFICATIONS
17.1 
Sämtliche Korrespondenz unter oder im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Vereinbarung 
hat entweder schriftlich durch Brief, per E-
Mail 
oder 
durch 
Übermittlung 
einer 
elektronischen Kopie im Anhang an eine E-
Mail 
zu 
erfolgen. 
Vorbehaltlich 
der 
schriftlichen 
Mitteilung 
einer 
Adressenänderung 
ist 
jegliche 
Korrespondenz an folgende Adresse zu 
richten:
17.1 All correspondence under or in connection 
with this Agreement must be made either 
by letter, by e-mail or by sending an 
electronic copy attached to an e-mail. 
Subject to the written notification of a 
change of address, any correspondence 
must be sent to the following address: 
(a) Sofern sie an den Sicherungsgeber 
gerichtet ist, an die folgende Anschrift: 
(a) If 
addressed 
to 
the 
Collateral 
Provider to the following address:

--- Page 161 ---
161
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A.,   
6, Rue Eugène Ruppert  
L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg 
Tel.: +352 [●] 
E-Mail: [●] 
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A.  
6, Rue Eugène Ruppert  
L-1116 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg 
Tel.: +352 [●] 
Email: [●] 
(b) Sofern sie an den Treuhänder gerichtet 
ist, an folgende Anschrift: 
(b) If addressed to the Trustee to the 
following address: 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH 
Fürstenwall 172a 
40217 Düsseldorf 
Tel.: +49 (0) 211 93678250 
E-Mail: contracts@chartered-investment.com
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH 
Fürstenwall 172a 
40217 Düsseldorf 
Tel.: +49 (0) 211 93678250 
Email: contracts@chartered-
investment.com 
17.2 
Sämtliche Informationen unter oder im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Vereinbarung, 
sofern an die Besicherte Parteien gerichtet, 
erfolgen an die Zahlstelle zur Weiterleitung 
an die Besicherten Parteien. Mit der 
Weitergabe 
der 
Informationen 
an 
die 
Zahlstelle 
gelten 
etwaige 
Informationspflichten des Treuhänders als 
erfüllt. Kosten und Gebühren der Zahlstelle, 
die dadurch entstehen können, trägt der 
Sicherungsgeber. 
17.2 All information under or in connection with 
this Agreement, if addressed to the 
Collateralised Parties, shall be provided to 
the Paying Agent for transmission to the 
Collateralised Parties. Upon disclosure of 
the information to the Paying Agent, any 
information duties of the Trustee shall be 
deemed to have been fulfilled. Any costs 
and fees of the Paying Agent which may 
arise as a result of this are borne by the 
Collateral Provider. 
18. 
SONSTIGES 
18. 
MISCELLANEIOUS 
18.1 
Änderungen, 
Ergänzungen 
oder 
der 
Verzicht auf einzelne Bestimmungen dieser 
Vereinbarung, einschließlich dieser Klausel, 
bedürfen der Schriftform.
18.1 Changes, amendments and waivers of 
any provision of this Agreement, including 
this Clause, are only valid if made in 
writing. 
18.2 
Durch Unterzeichnung dieser Vereinbarung 
werden 
alle 
bisherigen 
insoweit 
geschlossenen 
mündlichen 
oder 
schriftlichen Absprachen ersetzt. 
18.2 This Agreement replaces all previous 
verbal or written agreements in this 
respect. 
18.3 
Sollte 
eine 
Bestimmung 
dieser 
Vereinbarung ganz oder teilweise aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund, 
einschließlich 
auf 
Grund einer Rechtsverletzung, unwirksam 
oder nicht durchsetzbar sein oder werden, 
so 
soll 
dies 
die 
Gültigkeit 
dieser 
Vereinbarung im Übrigen nicht berühren. 
Die 
Parteien 
sind 
verpflichtet 
zusammenzuwirken, um eine unwirksame, 
nicht 
durchsetzbare 
oder 
wirtschaftlich 
unmögliche 
Bestimmung 
durch 
eine 
wirksame, durchsetzbare und mögliche 
Bestimmung 
zu 
ersetzen, 
die 
dem 
wirtschaftlichen Ergebnis der unwirksamen, 
nicht durchsetzbaren oder wirtschaftlich 
unmöglichen Bestimmung und den mit 
dieser 
Vereinbarung 
verfolgten 
wirtschaftlichen 
Zielen 
der 
Parteien 
möglichst nahekommt. Entsprechendes gilt 
18.3 If any of the provisions of this Agreement 
is or becomes invalid or unenforceable in 
whole or in part for whatever reason, 
including a violation of any laws applicable 
to it, the validity of the other provisions of 
this Agreement is not and shall not be 
affected. In the event of an invalid, 
unenforceable 
or 
impractical 
(wirtschaftlich unmöglich) provision, such 
provision shall be replaced by a valid, 
enforceable and practical provision or 
arrangement, that corresponds as closely 
as possible to the invalid, unenforceable or 
impractical provision and to the Parties’ 
economic aims pursued by and reflected 
in this Agreement. The same applies in the 
event that this Agreement does not 
contain a provision necessary to achieve 
the economic purpose expressed in this

--- Page 162 ---
162
im Fall einer Regelungslücke. 
Agreement (Regelungslücke). 
18.4 
Form und Inhalt dieser Vereinbarung und 
alle sich hieraus ergebenden Rechte und 
Pflichten bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht 
nach 
dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
18.4 The form and content of this Agreement 
and all rights and obligations arising 
therefrom shall be governed in all respects 
by the law of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
18.5 
Ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand 
für 
alle 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Vereinbarung ist 
Düsseldorf, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
18.5 The 
courts 
of 
Düsseldorf, 
Federal 
Republic of Germany have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out 
of or in connection with this Agreement. 
18.6 
Die Rechte aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser 
Vereinbarung 
dürfen 
ohne 
vorhergehende schriftliche Zustimmung der 
anderen Partei nicht übertragen oder 
abgetreten werden. 
18.6 The rights arising from or in connection 
with 
this 
Agreement 
may 
not 
be 
transferred or assigned without the prior 
written consent of the other Party. 
18.7 
Der Sicherungsgeber trägt sämtliche Kosten 
und Gebühren, die in Verbindung mit dieser 
Vereinbarung, dem Abschluss, dessen 
Durchführung, Änderung und Vollstreckung 
entstehen können. 
18.7 The Collateral Provider shall bear all costs 
and 
charges 
which 
may 
arise 
in 
connection with this Agreement, its 
conclusion, its execution, amendment and 
enforcement. 
18.8 
Die englische Version dieser Vereinbarung 
ist bindend. Die deutsche Übersetzung dient 
ausschließlich Informationszwecken. 
18.8 The English version of this Agreement 
shall be binding. The German translation 
is for convenience only.

--- Page 163 ---
163
UNTERSCHRIFTEN ZUM SICHERHEITENTREUHANDVERTRAG
SICHERUNGSGEBER / COLLATERAL PROVIDER 
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. 
Ort, Datum 
Name: 
Titel: 
TREUHÄNDER / TRUSTEE 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH 
Ort, Datum 
Name: 
Titel:

--- Page 164 ---
164
ANLAGENVERZEICHNIS / ANNEXES
Anlage 1 / Annex 1 
Wertpapierbedingungen / Terms and Conditions 
Anlage 2 / Annex 2 
Pfandvertrag / Pledge Agreement
Anlage 3 / Annex 3 
Kontoverpfändungsvertrag / Account Pledge Agreement

--- Page 165 ---
165
Anlage 1 / Annex 1
WERTPAPIERBEDINGUNGEN / TERMS AND CONDITIONS
[●]

--- Page 166 ---
166
Anlage 2 / Annex 2
PFANDVERTRAG / PLEDGE AGREEMENT
SECURITY AGREEMENT 
between 
the Collateralised Parties (as defined below) 
represented by 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH, Am Fürstenwall 172A, 40217 Düsseldorf 
(hereinafter the "TRUSTEE") 
in its capacity as trustee, acting for itself (including as creditor of the Parallel Debt Obligations) and as direct 
representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of all other Collateralised Parties 
and 
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A., 6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
(the "COMPANY"), acting solely in respect of its compartment [X] 
(hereinafter the "ISSUER" and "PLEDGOR") 
(each a "Party" and collectively the "Parties")

--- Page 167 ---
167
Table of contents
Contents
Page
1
AUTHORIZATION OF THE TRUSTEE ............................................................................................... 168
2
CLAIMS OF THE COLLATERALISED PARTIES AND ASSETS OF THE ISSSUER ....................... 168
3
PLEDGE .............................................................................................................................................. 169
4
DURATION OF THE PLEDGE ............................................................................................................ 170
5
DISPOSITION OF PLEDGED COLLATERAL AND ADMINISTRATION ........................................... 170
6
REALISATION OF PLEDGED COLLATERAL .................................................................................. 170
7
RELEASE OF PLEDGE ...................................................................................................................... 171
8
LIMITED RECOURSE/NO PETITION ................................................................................................ 171
9
VARIOUS PROVISIONS ..................................................................................................................... 172
10
APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE OF JURISDICTION ...................................................................... 174
APPENDIX 1 ................................................................................................................................................. 175
ANNEX 2 Notification of pledge and waiver ............................................................................................. 176

--- Page 168 ---
168
PREAMBLE: 
(A) 
The ISSUER issues notes in accordance with the information set out in annex 1 (the "NOTES").
(B) 
The CLAIMS of (i) the respective holders of the NOTES (the "INVESTORS"), and (ii) the TRUSTEE (together 
the "COLLATERALISED PARTIES") against the ISSUER shall be secured in particular by a pledge created 
in Switzerland. To secure these claims, the ISSUER pledges in favour of the COLLATERALISED PARTIES 
assets in custody deposits and accounts in the name of the ISSUER with [Raiffeisen Switzerland 
Cooperative][EFG Bank AG][Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG][Bank Cler AG][Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG][Bank 
Julius Bär & Co. AG][BERGOS AG][Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG][Cornèr Banca SA][Rothschild & Co 
Bank AG][Migros Bank AG][LGT Bank AG][LGT Bank (Schweiz) AG][Bank Vontobel AG], a [bank 
pursuant to the Banking Act of 8 November 1934 with its registered office in Switzerland] (the "BANK").
On such basis, the parties enter into the following security agreement (the "SECURITY AGREEMENT"). Unless 
otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms and expressions used in this SECURITY AGREEMENT will have the 
meanings assigned to such terms in the Terms and Conditions of the NOTES (as defined below):
1 
AUTHORIZATION OF THE TRUSTEE
1.1 
By entering into (or acceding to) this Agreement, each present and future COLLATERALISED PARTY (other 
than each holder of the NOTES which by subscribing for or otherwise acquiring NOTES has authorized 
and mandated the TRUSTEE) has appointed and authorised the TRUSTEE as follows:
(a) 
to enter into any Swiss law governed security agreement that constitutes a Swiss law pledge 
or any other Swiss law accessory (akzessorische) security on its behalf as its direct 
representative (direkter Stellvertreter);
(b) 
to act for itself and in the name and for the account of such COLLATERALISED PARTY to accept 
as its direct representative (direkter Stellvertreter) any Swiss law pledge or any other Swiss 
law accessory (akzessorische) security made or expressed to be made to such 
COLLATERALISED PARTY in relation to the Swiss law governed security agreements, to hold and, 
if necessary, enforce any such security on behalf of each relevant COLLATERALISED PARTY
which has the benefit of such security provided that it has first been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction;
(c) 
to agree as its direct representative (direkter Stellvertreter) to amendments to any Swiss law 
governed security agreement which creates a pledge or any other Swiss law accessory 
(akzessorische) security;
(d) 
to effect as its direct representative (direkter Stellvertreter) any release of a security created 
under a Swiss law governed security agreement in accordance with the Transaction 
Documents (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the NOTES); and
(e) 
to exercise (in such manner as it deems appropriate) as its direct representative (direkter 
Stellvertreter) such other rights granted to the TRUSTEE hereunder or under the relevant Swiss 
law governed security agreement.
2 
CLAIMS OF THE COLLATERALISED PARTIES AND ASSETS OF THE ISSSUER
2.1 
The COLLATERALISED PARTIES have claims against the ISSUER under the NOTE DOCUMENTS (as defined 
below) (the "SECURED CLAIMS"). The claims of the INVESTORS under the Notes are set out in annex 1. 
The maturity and amount of the INVESTORS’ claims under the Notes are set out in the product

--- Page 169 ---
169
documentation of the NOTES. "NOTE DOCUMENTS" means (i) the NOTES, (ii) this SECURITY AGREEMENT, 
(iii) the collateral trust agreement entered into between the ISSUER and the TRUSTEE in respect of the
NOTES (the "COLLATERAL TRUST AGREEMENT"), (iv) the COLLATERAL AGREEMENTS (as defined in the 
COLLATERAL TRUST AGREEMENT), (v) the paying agency agreement entered into between the ISSUER
and the PAYING AGENT in respect of the NOTES, (vi) the calculation agency agreement entered into 
between the ISSUER and the CALCULATION AGENT in respect of the NOTES and (vii) such other 
documents specified by the relevant parties as a NOTE DOCUMENT and entered into in connection with 
the NOTES.
2.2 
The SECURED CLAIMS include, among other claims, the "Parallel Debt Obligations" (as defined in the 
COLLATERAL TRUST AGREEMENT) owed to the TRUSTEE.
2.3 
The ISSUER has the following custody deposits and accounts with the BANK (together the 
"ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS"):
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
The assets credited to or deposited in the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS as from entering into this SECURITY 
AGREEMENT until full repayment and discharge of the SECURED CLAIMS shall serve as the "PLEDGED 
COLLATERAL".
3 
PLEDGE
3.1 
The ISSUER agrees to pledge and hereby unconditionally pledges to each of the COLLATERALISED 
PARTIES (each of them individually represented by the TRUSTEE, acting for itself (including as creditor 
of the PARALLEL DEBT OBLIGATIONS) and as direct representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the name 
and for the account of all other COLLATERALISED PARTIES the PLEDGED COLLATERAL as a first ranking 
continuing pledge (i.e., each of the COLLATERALISED PARTIES' pledge being equally in the first rank), 
free and clear of any pledges, liens, rights of set-off or other third party rights of any nature in favor of 
third parties (the "PLEDGE"), as a security for the SECURED CLAIMS. The TRUSTEE hereby accepts the 
PLEDGE acting for itself (including as creditor of the PARALLEL DEBT OBLIGATIONS) and as direct 
representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of all other COLLATERALISED 
PARTIES.
3.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, the PLEDGE encumbers all assets in the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS. This 
includes, but is not limited to, all securities, uncertificated securities (namely securities with deferred 
printing), book-entry securities, account balances, collective investment scheme units and other 
valuables (e.g. physical gold; "GOLD") currently or in the future held with the BANK or in the possession 
of the BANK, all claims and rights of all kinds to which the ISSUER is entitled at the BANK, including all 
rights to the BANK's own collective securities accounts, credit balances on metal accounts, fixed-term 
deposits, other account balances and claims from fiduciary investments.
3.3 
The PLEDGE shall extend to the same extent to all securities and other assets deposited elsewhere for 
the account of the ISSUER in the name of the BANK.
3.4 
The ISSUER confirms that there is no other security whatsoever over the PLEDGED COLLATERAL. The 
only exception to this is the BANK's secured claim to payment of the usual custody fees and 
commissions. This assurance is valid for the entire term of the SECURITY AGREEMENT and also covers

--- Page 170 ---
170
PLEDGED COLLATERAL which is transferred or booked into the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS during the term of 
this SECURITY AGREEMENT.
4 
DURATION OF THE PLEDGE
4.1 
The PLEDGE SHALL continue until all SECURED CLAIMS have been satisfied in full.
5 
DISPOSITION OF PLEDGED COLLATERAL AND ADMINISTRATION
5.1 
Neither the ISSUER nor any authorised third party shall, without the consent of the TRUSTEE, be entitled 
to dispose of, reduce, withdraw in whole or in part or pledge for its own account or the account of a 
third party, the PLEDGED COLLATERAL. THE COLLATERALISED PARTIES may also not dispose directly of the 
PLEDGED COLLATERAL. They can only assert their right of pledge through the TRUSTEE.
5.2 
Administrative ACTIONS on the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS require the prior approval of the TRUSTEE.
5.3 
[The ISSUER shall be responsible and liable for the exercise of any membership rights in connection 
with the PLEDGED COLLATERAL].
6 
REALISATION OF PLEDGED COLLATERAL
6.1 
Upon the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the NOTES), 
the TRUSTEE, acting for itself (including as creditor of the PARALLEL DEBT OBLIGATIONS) and as direct 
representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of all other COLLATERALISED 
PARTIES, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to enforce the PLEDGE and to issue all instructions 
necessary or desirable for this purpose, at its discretion, by either:
(a) 
realizing the PLEDGE by enforcement proceedings pursuant to the Swiss Federal Debt 
Enforcement and Bankruptcy Act ("DEBA");
(b) 
realizing the PLEDGE without regard to the provisions of the DEBA by private realization (private 
Verwertung) or, to the extent permitted, acquire the PLEDGED COLLATERAL in its own name and 
on its own account (Selbsteintritt); or
(c) 
enforcement proceedings pursuant to other applicable laws. 
6.2 
In the course of private realization (private Verwertung), the TRUSTEE, acting for itself (including as 
creditor of the PARALLEL DEBT OBLIGATIONS) and as direct representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the 
name and for the account of all other COLLATERALISED PARTIES, may either sell the PLEDGED 
COLLATERAL to a third party or acquire any and all or part of the PLEDGED COLLATERAL on its own or the 
COLLATERALISED PARTIES' behalf (Selbsteintritt), in each case on arm's length terms. The TRUSTEE, 
acting for itself (including as creditor of the PARALLEL DEBT OBLIGATIONS) and as direct representative 
(direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of all other COLLATERALISED PARTIES, shall 
render account to the ISSUER regarding the private enforcement. Proceeds from any realization of the 
PLEDGE shall be applied towards the SECURED CLAIMS. Amounts not denominated in [EUR][●] shall be 
converted into [EUR][●] at the middle rate (closing rate) on the appropriation date) and applied towards 
the SECURED CLAIMS.
6.3 
With regard to private realization (private Verwertung), the ISSUER hereby authorizes the TRUSTEE to 
be its attorney and in the ISSUER's name and on its behalf to execute, deliver and perfect all documents 
and to do all things that are required or expedient in this respect.

--- Page 171 ---
171
6.4 
The Parties agree in advance that a sale according to article 130 DEBA (Frei-handverkauf) shall be 
permissible.
6.5 
Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding the provision of article 41 DEBA, the TRUSTEE, 
acting in the name and on behalf of the COLLATERALISED PARTIES, is at liberty to institute or pursue the 
enforcement of the SECURED CLAIMS pursuant to regular debt enforcement proceedings without having 
first realized the PLEDGE (waiver of the benficium excussionis realis).
7 
RELEASE OF PLEDGE 
7.1 
The PLEDGED COLLATERAL or, in case of realization of the PLEDGED COLLATERAL, the remainder thereof, 
shall be automatically released from the PLEDGE upon full payment and discharge of the SECURED 
CLAIMS.
7.2 
The TRUSTEE will notify the BANK thereof provided that all SECURED CLAIMS have been fully repaid or 
discharged to the satisfaction of the TRUSTEE.
8 
LIMITED RECOURSE/NO PETITION
8.1 
The COLLATERALISED PARTIES have only limited recourse to the Series Assets (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the NOTES) and not to the assets allocated to any other Compartment or any other 
assets (if any) of the COMPANY.
8.2 
Once all Series Assets (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the NOTES) have been realised, the 
TRUSTEE and the COLLATERALISED PARTIES are not entitled to take any further steps against the 
PLEDGOR or the COMPANY to recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum shall 
be extinguished.
8.3 
Any claims and receivables arising from and under the NOTES and the NOTE DOCUMENTS are limited to 
the Series Assets. The Series Assets will always be distributed pursuant to the order of priority as 
determined in section [6.8][6.9][●] (Status; Order of priority; Administrative costs) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the NOTES.
8.4 
The PLEDGOR is not obliged to make any payments or deliveries to COLLATERALISED PARTIES other than 
those for the purpose of distributing the Series Assets in accordance with section [6.10.1] [6.11.1][●] 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
8.5 
If the GOLD or the net proceeds (the "NET PROCEEDS") resulting from the sale of the GOLD, as the case 
may be, together with the other Series Assets do not suffice for all payments or deliveries due with 
respect to the NOTES being made, the total amount of the PLEDGOR's liabilities with respect to the 
NOTES is limited to the sum of the GOLD or the NET PROCEEDS, as the case may be, and the other 
Series Assets. For the avoidance of doubt: no other assets of the PLEDGOR or the COMPANY (whether 
in relation to a Compartment or not) are available for making up any shortfall possibly resulting from 
this. 
8.6 
If the Series Assets are definitely insufficient for the full and final settlement of the COLLATERALISED 
PARTIES’ claims in connection with Compartment [X], the PLEDGOR will not be liable for any resulting 
shortfall, and the COLLATERALISED PARTIES will not be able to assert any further claims against the 
PLEDGOR. These assets and proceeds will be deemed to be "definitely insufficient" if the PLEDGOR
determines in its reasonable discretion that all Series Assets have been realised to the extent possible 
and that no further proceeds can be realised for the settlement of outstanding claims of the

--- Page 172 ---
172
COLLATERALISED PARTIES. In such case, any claims to receive any further sums or deliveries due shall 
expire.
8.7 
The TRUSTEE and the COLLATERALISED PARTIES do not have any recourse right or claim with respect to 
the assets allocated to any other Compartment or any other assets of the COMPANY.
8.8 
The COLLATERALISED PARTIES shall not be entitled to attach or otherwise seize the assets of the 
PLEDGOR allocated to Compartment [X] or to other Compartments or other assets (if any) of the 
COMPANY. COLLATERALISED PARTIES shall not be entitled to petition or take any other step for the 
winding-up, the liquidation and the bankruptcy of the COMPANY or any similar insolvency related 
proceedings.
9 
VARIOUS PROVISIONS
9.1 
Notices by a party under this SECURITY AGREEMENT shall be made in German and in writing (by 
registered letter or courier) and sent to the following addresses:
To the ISSUER:
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A.
z. Hd. [●]
[●]
[●]
Tel: +[●]
Fax: +[●]
To the TRUSTEE:
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH
z. Hd. [●]
[●]
[●]
Tel: +[●]
Fax: +[●]
To the BANK:
[Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative][EFG Bank AG][Bank CIC (Schweiz) 
AG][Bank Cler AG][Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG][Bank Julius Bär & Co. 
AG][BERGOS AG][Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG][Cornèr Banca SA][Rothschild 
& Co Bank AG][Migros Bank AG][LGT Bank AG][LGT Bank (Schweiz) AG][Bank 
Vontobel AG]
z. Hd. [●]
[●]
[●]
Tel: + [●]
Fax: + [●]

--- Page 173 ---
173
9.2 
Any amendment to this SECURITY AGREEMENT must be in writing.

--- Page 174 ---
174
10 
APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE OF JURISDICTION
10.1 
This SECURITY AGREEMENT and the PLEDGE including its formation and validity shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of Switzerland.
10.2 
The exclusive place of jurisdiction for any dispute, claim or controversy arising under, out of or in 
connection with or related to this SECURITY AGREEMENT (or sub-sequent amendments thereof), 
including, without limitation, disputes, claims or controversies regarding its existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination, shall be the courts of the City of Zurich, 
Switzerland, venue being Zurich 1. The TRUSTEE shall have the right to sue the ISSUER at any other 
competent court or place of debt collection.
[Ort, Datum] 
[Ort, Datum] 
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A.  
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH 
________________________________ 
________________________________

--- Page 175 ---
175
APPENDIX 1
Receivables from NOTES for which collateral is provided: 
Valor 
ISIN 
Final Maturity 
More detailed description

--- Page 176 ---
176
ANNEX 2
Notification of pledge and waiver
From: Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A., 6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
REGISTER 
To: 
[Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative][EFG Bank AG][Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG][Bank Cler AG][Bank J. Safra 
Sarasin AG][Bank Julius Bär & Co. AG][BERGOS AG][Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG][Cornèr Banca 
SA][Rothschild & Co Bank AG][Migros Bank AG][LGT Bank AG][LGT Bank (Schweiz) AG][Bank Vontobel AG] 
z. Hd. [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Tel: +[●] 
Fax: +[●] 
With a copy to: Chartered Investment Germany GmbH 
[Place, date] 
Subject: Notification of account pledge 
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen, 
We refer to the following bank account(s) ("ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS"): 
[●] 
You are notified that we (the "PLEDGOR") and Chartered Investment Germany GmbH (the "TRUSTEE"), in its 
capacity as trustee, acting for itself (including as creditor of the parallel debt obligations) and as direct 
representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of all other collateralised parties, have 
entered into a bank account/custody account pledge agreement (the "SECURITY AGREEMENT"). Therein, the 
PLEDGOR has pledged to each of the collateralised parties and the TRUSTEE all of its assets credited to or 
deposited in the ACCOUNTS/CUSTODY ACCOUNTS, including the balances due to the PLEDGOR from time to time 
(the "PLEDGED ASSETS"). 
Any dispositions by the PLEDGOR in respect of the PLEDGED ASSETS may pursuant to the SECURITY AGREEMENT
only be made with the written authorisation of the TRUSTEE.

--- Page 177 ---
177
You may only validly discharge your obligations in respect of the PLEDGED ASSETS by payment/delivery to the 
TRUSTEE or any other person designated for such purpose by the TRUSTEE and you shall not carry out any 
instructions of the PLEDGOR with regard to the PLEDGED ASSETS and the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS without the 
consent of the TRUSTEE. The TRUSTEE is authorized to issue any instructions, and you shall carry out all such 
instructions, with regard to the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS and the assets therein without any further consent or 
cooperation on the part of the PLEDGOR.  
The PLEDGOR, with respect to and for the benefit of the TRUSTEE, herewith irrevocably and unconditionally has 
waived any data protection and banking secrecy rights in relation to the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS and PLEDGED 
ASSETS. Accordingly, you are herewith authorised and instructed to disclose to the TRUSTEE upon request of 
the TRUSTEE any information in relation to the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS and PLEDGED ASSETS. Any instructions and 
authorisations which are contained in this letter shall be made during business hours (08.30-17.00 local time 
in Switzerland) and shall be sent to your above address or such other address notified by you in writing to the 
TRUSTEE at the above indicated address from time to time. 
It is understood that you may not be in a position to comply with instructions and authorisations given 
hereunder if the relevant ACCOUNT/DEPOSITS (to which such instructions refer) has been blocked in accordance 
with an order of a court or another competent authority. 
Apart from the above, you shall have no obligation to observe any provisions, regulations or terms etc. between 
the TRUSTEE and the PLEDGOR, and in particular you shall execute all transaction orders irrespective of their 
nature and content and you shall have no obligation to monitor or to ensure that all present and future amounts 
standing to the credit of the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS are kept in immediately available cash and are not invested. 
Furthermore, we hereby ask you to waive in favour of the TRUSTEE any right of set-off, retention, pledge, 
assignment, other security interest or similar rights, including, without limitation, any pledge pursuant to your 
general business conditions and any other arrangement governing the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS, in respect of the 
PLEDGED ASSETS except for the fees, commissions and expenses (including value added tax and interests on 
arrears, if applicable) charged by you - based on the Agreement regarding the Management of a Precious 
Metal Custody Account dated [14 February 2022][●] (Vertrag betreffend die Führung eines Edelmetalldepots 
(Depotvertrag) vom [14. Februar 2022][●]) between [Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative][EFG Bank AG][Bank 
CIC (Schweiz) AG][Bank Cler AG][Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG][Bank Julius Bär & Co. AG][BERGOS 
AG][Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG][Cornèr Banca SA][Rothschild & Co Bank AG][Migros Bank AG][LGT Bank 
AG][LGT Bank (Schweiz) AG][Bank Vontobel AG] and Opus (Public) - Chartered Issuance S.A., acting on 
behalf of its Compartment [X] - for the operation of the ACCOUNTS/DEPOSITS in respect of which your 
priority/security/retention rights shall continue. 
You shall not be liable to the PLEDGOR, the TRUSTEE or any other third party for any loss or damages resulting 
from the PLEDGOR's or the TRUSTEE's delay or omission to act hereunder. 
This letter and the rights and obligations of any person arising from or in connection therewith, are governed 
by, and are to be construed in accordance with substantive Swiss law.  
The TRUSTEE shall inform you about the release of the PLEDGE. 
Without prejudice to the TRUSTEE's rights against the PLEDGOR under the SECURITY AGREEMENT, any dispute 
arising between the TRUSTEE and/or the PLEDGOR on the one hand and you on the other hand arising out of,

--- Page 178 ---
178
or in connection with, this letter shall exclusively be submitted to the courts of the City of St. Gallen, venue 
being St. Gallen 1. 
We should be grateful if you would duly sign and return to us (and for the attention of the TRUSTEE) the enclosed 
duplicate of the present letter. At the same time, please indicate if a different address shall be used by the 
TRUSTEE for future communications with you hereunder. 
Yours sincerely, 
Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. 
____________________________ ____________________________ 
Name:  
Name: 
Title: 
 
Title: 
For the record: 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH 
____________________________ ____________________________ 
Name:  
Name: 
Title: 
 
Title: 
Acknowledged and agreed by 
Place, date: ____________________________ 
[Raiffeisen Switzerland Cooperative][EFG Bank AG][Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG][Bank Cler AG][Bank J. Safra 
Sarasin AG][Bank Julius Bär & Co. AG][BERGOS AG][Privatbank IHAG Zürich AG][Cornèr Banca 
SA][Rothschild & Co Bank AG][Migros Bank AG][LGT Bank AG][LGT Bank (Schweiz) AG][Bank Vontobel AG] 
____________________________ ____________________________

--- Page 179 ---
179
Name:  
Name: 
Title: 
 
Title:

--- Page 180 ---
180
Anlage 3 / Annex 3
KONTOVERPFÄNDUNGSVERTRAG / ACCOUNT PLEDGE AGREEMENT
ACCOUNT PLEDGE AGREEMENT
dated [____]
between
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A.
acting solely in respect of its compartment [X]
as Pledgor
and
CHARTERED INVESTMENT GERMANY GMBH
as Trustee

--- Page 181 ---
181
CONTENTS
CLAUSE
PAGE
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 5
2
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 8
3
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................................. 24
4
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 25
5
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY ................................................................................................................ 33
6
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................... 34
7
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 115
8
OVERVIEW OF THE PARTIES INVOLVED AND THEIR FUNCTIONS ............................................ 122
9
TAXATION WARNING ........................................................................................................................ 124
10
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................. 125
11
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 129
12
STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES ..................................................................................................... 131
13
ANNEX 1: FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................. 134
14
ANNEX 2: FORM OF TRUST AGREEMENT ..................................................................................... 145
1.
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS .......................................................................................... 183
2.
PLEDGE .............................................................................................................................................. 185
3.
RESTRICTIONS AND FURTHER ASSURANCES ............................................................................ 186
4.
OPERATION OF PLEDGED ACCOUNT ............................................................................................ 186
5.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ....................................................................................... 187
6.
ENFORCEMENT ................................................................................................................................. 188
7.
ORDER OF DISTRIBUTIONS ............................................................................................................ 188
8.
LIABILITY OF TRUSTEE ................................................................................................................... 189
9.
POWER OF ATTORNEY .................................................................................................................... 189
10.
LIMITED RECOURSE/NO PETITION ................................................................................................ 189
11.
SAVING PROVISIONS ....................................................................................................................... 190
12.
DISCHARGE OF PLEDGE ................................................................................................................. 192
13.
EXPENSES ......................................................................................................................................... 192

--- Page 182 ---
182
14.
RIGHTS, WAIVERS AND DETERMINATIONS .................................................................................. 192
15.
WAIVERS ............................................................................................................................................ 193
16.
ASSIGNMENT .................................................................................................................................... 193
17.
NOTICES ............................................................................................................................................. 193
18.
TAXES AND STAMP DUTY ................................................................................................................ 194
19.
SEVERABILITY .................................................................................................................................. 194
20.
COUNTERPARTS ............................................................................................................................... 194
21.
HEADINGS.......................................................................................................................................... 194
22.
GOVERNING LAW ............................................................................................................................. 194
23.
JURISDICTION CLAUSE ................................................................................................................... 194
THE SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE
PAGE
SCHEDULE 1 Form of Notice to the Bank ................................................................................................. 195
SCHEDULE 2 Form of Acknowledgement of Pledge ............................................................................... 198
SCHEDULE 3 Notice of Enforcement ........................................................................................................ 203
SCHEDULE 4 Confirmation ........................................................................................................................ 205

--- Page 183 ---
183
THIS AGREEMENT is dated [
] and made between:
(1) 
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A, a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg and a regulated securitisation 
company (société de titrisation) subject to the Securitisation Law, having its registered office 
at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered 
with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B199463 (the 
"Company"), acting solely in respect of its compartment [●] (the "Compartment [X]"), as 
pledgor (the "Pledgor");
AND
(2) 
CHARTERED INVESTMENT GERMANY GmbH, a limited liability company established and 
existing under the laws of Germany having its registered office at Am Fürstenwall 172A, 
40217 Düsseldorf, Germany (the "Trustee", acting for itself and in its capacity as agent for 
the Collateralised Parties, which expression includes their respective successors and 
assigns pursuant to article 2.4 of the Law on Financial Collateral Arrangements (as defined 
below));
BACKGROUND
(a) 
The Pledgor is entering into this Agreement in connection with the Terms and Conditions, 
the Final Terms and the Notes (each term as defined below).
(b) 
The Board of Directors of the Pledgor is satisfied that entering into this Agreement is for 
the purposes and to the benefit of the Pledgor and its business.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS
1.1 
Definitions
In this Agreement, unless a contrary indication appears, terms used in the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms, as applicable, have the same meaning and construction 
and:
"Agreement" means this first ranking account pledge agreement.
"Bank" means Société Générale Luxembourg, a credit institution organised under the laws 
of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 11 Avenue Emile Reuter, 
L-2420 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Register of 
Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under number B-6.061.

--- Page 184 ---
184
"Base Prospectus" means the base prospectus dated 22 August 2023 relating to a 
programme of issuance of gold tracker notes to be issued by the Company acting on behalf 
of a relevant Compartment, and which includes the Terms and Conditions.  
"Calculation Agent" means [Chartered Investment Germany GmbH][●] and any successor 
in such capacity.
"Collateral Agreements" has the meaning given to this term in the Base Prospectus.
"Collateral Trust Agreement" has the meaning given to this term in the Base Prospectus.
"Collateralised Parties" means the Noteholders and the Trustee.
"Compartment" has the meaning given to this term in the Base Prospectus.
"Distributions" means, in relation to any Pledged Asset, all present and future:
(a) 
distributions of any kind and any other sum received or receivable in respect of that 
Pledged Asset; and
(b) 
allotments, offers and rights accruing or offered in respect of that Pledged Asset. 
"Enforcement Event" means an Event of Extraordinary Termination by the Noteholders 
[which is continuing].
"Event of Extraordinary Termination by the Noteholders" has the meaning given to this 
term in the Terms and Conditions.
"Final Terms" means the final terms dated [DATE] relating to the issuance of the Notes by 
the Pledgor.
"Law on Financial Collateral Arrangements" means the Luxembourg law of 5 August 2005 
on financial collateral arrangements, as amended.
"Liabilities" means all present and future moneys, debts, obligations and liabilities due, 
owing or incurred by the Pledgor to any Collateralised Party under or in connection with the 
Terms and Conditions, the Final Terms and/or any Note Documents (in each case, whether 
alone or jointly, or jointly and severally, with any other person, whether actually or 
contingently and whether as principal, surety or otherwise).
"Note Documents" means (i) the Notes, (ii) the Collateral Trust Agreement, (iii) the 
Collateral Agreements, (iv) the paying agency agreement entered into between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent in respect of the Notes, (v) the calculation agency agreement entered 
into between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes, and (vi) such other 
documents specified by the relevant Parties as the "Note Document" and entered into in 
connection with the Notes. 
"Notes" means the gold tracker notes issued by the Pledgor under the Final Terms.
"Noteholders" has the meaning given to this term in the Terms and Conditions in relation 
only to the Final Terms and the Notes.
"Paying Agent" means [Société Générale S.A., Frankfurt am Main][●], with its registered 
office at [●], and any person appointed as a successor to it.
"Pledge" means the first ranking pledge granted by the Pledgor to the Trustee acting in its 
name and for the account of the Collateralised Parties in the Pledged Assets and created 
pursuant to Clause 2.1 below.

--- Page 185 ---
185
"Pledged Account" means the bank account numbered [________] opened and maintained 
with the Bank.
"Pledged Assets" means all the present and future assets, rights, claims and Distributions 
the Pledgor has or will have in relation to the Pledged Account, including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, securities, cash and other rights and the property held therein or credited thereto 
and the proceeds and products thereof and property received, receivable or otherwise 
distributed in respect of the Pledged Account and the property held therein and any assets 
from time to time subject, or expressed to be subject, to the Pledge created or expressed to 
be created by or pursuant to this Agreement or any part of those assets.
"Securitisation Law" means the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as 
amended.
"Series" has the meaning given to this term in the Base Prospectus.
"Terms and Conditions" means the terms and conditions included in the Base Prospectus 
and which govern the programme of issuance of gold tracker notes by the Company, acting 
through one of its Compartments. 
"Underlying" has the meaning given to this term in the Final Terms.
"Winding-up" means winding up, amalgamation, reconstruction, administration, provisional 
administration, insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation, moratorium, controlled 
management, merger, demerger or consolidation or any analogous procedure or step in any 
jurisdiction.
1.2 
Construction
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in this Agreement to:
(a) 
the "Pledgor", the "Trustee" or any "Party" shall be construed so as to include its 
successors in title, permitted assigns and permitted transferees; and
(b) 
"assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every 
description.
Words denoting the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, words denoting one 
gender shall include all other genders and words denoting persons shall include firms and 
corporations and vice versa.
Any reference in this Agreement to any statutory provisions shall be construed as a reference 
to the statutory provisions as the same may from time to time be changed by any statutory 
modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made 
thereunder or under any such re-enactment.
References to any document or agreement shall be construed as a reference to that 
document or agreement as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, barred, 
supplemented or novated.
2. 
PLEDGE
2.1 
Creation of the Pledge
As continuing first ranking security for the full payment, discharge and performance of the 
Liabilities as they fall due, the Pledgor hereby pledges to the Trustee all the Pledged Assets

--- Page 186 ---
186
and hereby grants to the Trustee a first ranking pledge (“gage de premier rang”) over the 
Pledged Assets.
2.2 
Perfection of the Pledge
For the perfection of the Pledge, for the purposes of Article 5 of the Law on Financial 
Collateral Arrangements, the Pledgor shall, on the date of execution of this Agreement send 
[by fax] or by e-mail a duly executed notice in the form of the notice contained in Schedule 
1 to this Agreement (subject to any amendments acceptable to and agreed by the Trustee) 
to the Bank, with a copy [by email] thereof to the Trustee. 
The Pledgor shall procure that the Bank returns promptly a duly executed acceptance and 
acknowledgement, substantially in the form provided in Schedule 2 hereto within 2 (two) 
Business Days from the date of this Agreement and it shall promptly upon receipt of such 
acceptance and acknowledgement, send a copy thereof [by fax] [by email] and the original 
by registered letter to the Trustee.
The Pledgor undertakes to perfect the Pledge, at its own costs and expenses, by the 
fulfilment of any further or additional requirement under any applicable law (if any) as 
requested by the Trustee.
3. 
RESTRICTIONS AND FURTHER ASSURANCES
3.1 
Security
The Pledgor shall not create or permit to subsist any security over the Pledged Assets, 
except (i) as permitted by the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms or (ii) as 
previously approved by the Trustee.
3.2 
Disposal
The Pledgor shall not, nor shall the Pledgor agree to, enter into a single transaction or a 
series of transactions (whether related or not and whether voluntary or involuntary) to sell, 
lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Pledged Assets except as permitted by Clause 
4.1 (Operation before the occurrence of an Enforcement Event) and/or by the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms or (iii) if previously approved in writing by the Trustee.
3.3 
Further assurance
The Pledgor shall promptly do whatever the Trustee reasonably requires:
(a) 
to perfect or protect the Pledge or the priority of the Pledge; or
(b) 
to facilitate the realisation of the Pledged Assets or the exercise of any rights vested 
in the Trustee under this Agreement,
including executing any transfer, charge, assignment or assurance of the Pledged Assets 
(whether to the Trustee or its nominees or otherwise), making any registration and giving 
any notice, order or direction.
4. 
OPERATION OF PLEDGED ACCOUNT
4.1 
Operation before the occurrence of an Enforcement Event
At any time prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Pledgor shall be entitled to 
receive, withdraw or otherwise transfer any credit balance in the ordinary course of trade 
from the Pledged Account subject to the Pledgor being in compliance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Final Terms, both before and after giving effect to the proposed transfer, 
until the Bank has received notice of an Enforcement Event.

--- Page 187 ---
187
If an amount is withdrawn from the Pledged Account as permitted by this Clause 4.1, that 
amount shall be automatically released from the Pledge created under this Agreement.
4.2 
Operation after the occurrence of an Enforcement Event
At any time after the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Pledgor shall not be entitled 
to receive, withdraw or otherwise transfer any credit balance from time to time in the Pledged 
Account, unless the Bank receives from the Trustee the confirmation that the Enforcement 
Event has been satisfactorily cured.
4.3 
Communications
The Pledgor shall promptly deliver to the Trustee a copy of each report or other document 
received by it in connection with the Pledged Account.
5. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
The Pledgor makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 5 to the Trustee 
on the date of this Agreement.
5.1 
Ownership of the Pledged Assets
The Pledgor is the sole legal owner of, and has good and marketable title to the Pledged 
Assets and has not otherwise disposed of or created any encumbrance or interest (otherwise 
than pursuant to this Agreement and other than liens, security or other encumbrances 
created in favour of the Bank before this Agreement) over any of the Pledged Assets or any 
of its rights, title or benefits to or under the Pledged Assets.
5.2 
Authority to pledge the Pledged Assets
The Pledgor has full power, authority and legal right to execute and deliver this Agreement 
and to pledge all the Pledged Assets pursuant to this Agreement.
5.3 
Validity and perfection of the Pledge
The Pledge pursuant to this Agreement creates a valid first ranking security (“gage de 
premier rang”) over the Pledged Assets and the proceeds thereof in favour of the Trustee 
and the Collateralised Parties in respect of all Liabilities, subject to no prior encumbrance 
and to no prior agreement purporting to grant to any third party an encumbrance on the 
property or assets of the Pledgor that would include the Pledged Assets (other than liens, 
security or other encumbrances created in favour of the Bank before this Agreement), 
without prejudice to statutory liens mandatorily preferred by law.
5.4 
Legality of Pledge
The Pledge pursuant to this Agreement is not contrary to any law or court order applicable 
to the Pledgor and is not in breach of its constitutional documents or of any agreement to 
which the Pledgor is a party.
5.5 
Consents and authorisations
All necessary consents and authorisations for the execution of this Agreement have been 
obtained by the Pledgor and are in full force and effect.
5.6 
Repetition of representations and warranties
These representations and warranties shall be deemed repeated from time to time as and 
when any property is added to the Pledged Assets.

--- Page 188 ---
188
6. 
ENFORCEMENT
6.1 
Realisation of the Pledged Assets
Upon the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Trustee, without any demand, 
advertisement or notice of any kind, may, if any of the Liabilities have become due and 
payable and have not been paid realise the Pledged Assets or any part thereof, in 
accordance with applicable provisions of Luxembourg law, with the right for the Trustee:
(a) 
to appropriate any of the Pledged Assets at the fair market value thereof determined 
by the Trustee acting in good faith and whose determinations and valuations shall 
be binding (save in case of manifest error). For the avoidance of doubt, such 
valuation can be carried out before or after the appropriation becomes effective, in 
which case the fair value of the Pledge Assets will be valued as at the date of the 
appropriation. The Trustee may elect, in its sole discretion, to appoint or nominate 
another person to which the right to appropriate the Pledged Assets shall be 
transferred in lieu of the Trustee, it being understood that such appointment or 
nomination shall not affect the Trustee’s rights and obligations against the Pledgor;
(b) 
in respect of any Pledged Assets consisting of claims for sums of money, to require 
the Bank to make payment of the amount due by the Bank directly to it, upon maturity 
of the Bank's debt and to require the Bank to close the Pledged Account;
(c) 
to apply to court to be granted the right to appropriate the Pledged Assets at a price 
to be determined by expert; and
(d) 
to take advantage of any other realisation or enforcement method permissible under 
applicable law.
6.2 
Notification to the Bank of an Enforcement Event
At any time while an Enforcement Event has occurred, the Trustee may (without any 
obligation) notify the Bank (in or substantially in the form of the notice attached hereto as 
Schedule 3) that the Pledgor no longer disposes of the Pledged Assets and the Pledged 
Account.
6.3 
Limitation on realisation
The Trustee shall realise the Pledged Assets only to the extent necessary to recover the 
Liabilities that are due and owing. To the extent that, notwithstanding the reasonable efforts 
of the Trustee to comply with the provisions of the first sentence of this paragraph, the cash 
proceeds received by the Trustee in respect of any realisation of all or any part of the Pledged 
Assets exceed the amount of the Liabilities due and owing at that time, such excess 
proceeds shall be held by the Trustee as collateral for the Liabilities that would become due 
in the future, if any.
7. 
ORDER OF DISTRIBUTIONS
7.1 
Application of proceeds
All amounts received or recovered by the Trustee in the exercise of its rights under this 
Agreement shall, subject to the rights of any creditors having priority, be applied in the order 
provided in Clause 7.2 (Order of distributions).
7.2 
Order of distributions 
The order referred to in Clause 7.1 (Application of proceeds) is:

--- Page 189 ---
189
(a) 
in or towards the payment of all costs, losses, liabilities and expenses of and 
incidental to the appointment of the Trustee and the exercise of any of its rights, 
including its remuneration and all outgoings paid by it;
(b) 
in or towards the payment of the Liabilities (other than those referred to in paragraph 
7.2 (a)) in accordance with Clause 9 (Status; Order of priority; Administrative costs) 
of the Terms and Conditions; and
(c) 
in payment of any surplus to the Pledgor or any other person entitled to it.
8. 
LIABILITY OF TRUSTEE
The Trustee shall not be liable to the Pledgor, the Collateralised Parties or any other person 
for any costs, losses, liabilities or reasonable expenses relating to the realisation of any 
Pledged Assets or from any act, default, omission or misconduct of the Trustee or its officers, 
employees or agents in relation to the Pledged Assets or in connection with the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms, except to the extent caused by its or his own gross 
negligence or wilful misconduct.
9. 
POWER OF ATTORNEY
9.1 
Appointment 
The Pledgor irrevocably appoints the Trustee as its attorney (with full power of substitution), 
on its behalf and in its name or otherwise, at such time and in such manner as the attorney 
thinks fit:
(a) 
to do anything which the Pledgor is obliged to do (but has not done) under the Terms 
and Conditions and/or the Final Terms to which it is a party (including to execute 
transfers, and assignments of other instruments, notices, orders and directions 
relating to, the Pledged Assets); and
(b) 
to exercise any of the rights conferred on the Trustee in relation to the Pledged 
Assets or under the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms.
9.2 
Ratification
The Pledgor ratifies and confirms and agrees to ratify and confirm whatever any such 
attorney shall reasonably do in the exercise or purported exercise of the power of attorney 
granted by it in Clause 9.1 (Appointment).
10. 
LIMITED RECOURSE/NO PETITION
Pursuant to the Securitisation Law the assets of Compartment [X] are exclusively available 
to satisfy the rights of Collateralised Parties whose claims have arisen in connection with the 
creation, the operation or the liquidation of Compartment [X]. 
The Collateralised Parties and the Trustee have only limited recourse to the Series Assets 
(as defined below) and not to the assets allocated to any other Compartment or any other 
assets (if any) of the Company.
Once all Series Assets (as defined below) have been realised, the Trustee and the 
Collateralised Parties are not entitled to take any further steps against the Pledgor or the 
Company to recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum shall be 
extinguished.
Any claims and receivables arising from and under the Notes and the Note Documents are 
limited to the Series Assets. The Series Assets will always be distributed pursuant to the

--- Page 190 ---
190
order of priority as determined in section 9 of the Terms and Conditions (Status; Order of 
priority; Administrative costs).
"Series Assets" means the assets underlying the Notes comprising (i) physical gold or 
responsibly sourced physical gold as specified in the Final Terms, (ii) any rights of the 
Pledgor with respect to the Notes, and any payments or amounts received by the Pledgor 
under any agreement it entered into with respect to the Notes, (iii) to the extent 
complementary necessary for purposes of liquidity and cash management non-physical 
book entry gold at a maximum of 5% of the assets underlying the Notes.
The Pledgor is not obliged to make any payments or deliveries to Collateralised Parties other 
than those for the purpose of distributing the Series Assets in accordance with section 11.1
of the Terms and Conditions. 
(i) 
If the Underlying or the net proceeds (the "Net Proceeds") resulting from the sale of 
the Underlying, as the case may be, together with the other Series Assets do not 
suffice for all payments or deliveries due with respect to the Notes being made, the 
total amount of the Pledgor's liabilities with respect to the Notes is limited to the sum 
of the Underlying or the Net Proceeds, as the case may be, and the other Series 
Assets. For the avoidance of doubt: no other assets of the Pledgor or the Company 
(whether in relation to a Compartment or not) are available for making up any 
Shortfall possibly resulting from this. 
"Shortfall" means the amount by which the sum of the Underlying or Net Proceeds, 
as the case may be, and the other Series Assets is lower than the payments or 
deliveries which would have become due with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
If the Series Assets are definitely insufficient for the full and final settlement of the 
Collateralised Parties’ claims in connection with Compartment [X], the Pledgor will 
not be liable for any resulting shortfall, and the Collateralised Parties will not be able 
to assert any further claims against the Pledgor. These assets and proceeds will be 
deemed to be "definitely insufficient" if the Pledgor determines in its reasonable 
discretion that all Series Assets have been realised to the extent possible and that 
no further proceeds can be realised for the settlement of outstanding claims of the 
Collateralised Parties. In such case, any claims to receive any further sums or 
deliveries due shall expire.
The Collateralised Parties do not have any recourse right or claim with respect to the assets 
allocated to any other Compartment or any other assets of the Company.
The Collateralised Parties shall not be entitled to attach or otherwise seize the assets of the 
Pledgor allocated to Compartment [X] or to other Compartments or other assets (if any) of 
the Company. Collateralised Parties shall not be entitled to petition or take any other step 
for the winding-up, the liquidation and the bankruptcy of the Company or any similar 
insolvency related proceedings.
11. 
SAVING PROVISIONS
11.1 
Continuing Security
Subject to Clause 12 (Discharge of Pledge), the Pledge is a continuing security and will 
extend to the ultimate balance of the Liabilities, regardless of any intermediate payment or 
discharge in whole or in part. No change, novation or amendment whatsoever in and to the 
liabilities and to any document related to the Liabilities shall affect the validity and the scope 
of this Agreement.

--- Page 191 ---
191
11.2 
Reinstatement
If any payment by the Pledgor or any discharge given by the Trustee (whether in respect of 
the obligations of the Pledgor or any security for those obligations or otherwise) is avoided 
or reduced as a result of insolvency or any similar event:
(a) 
the liability of the Pledgor and the Pledge shall continue as if the payment, discharge, 
avoidance or reduction had not occurred; and 
(b) 
the Trustee shall be entitled to recover the value or amount of that security or 
payment from the Pledgor, as if the payment, discharge, avoidance or reduction had 
not occurred.
11.3 
Waiver of defences
Neither the obligations of the Pledgor under this Agreement nor the Pledge will be affected 
by an act, omission, matter or thing which, but for this clause, would reduce, release or 
prejudice any of its obligations under any Note Document or the Pledge (without limitation 
and whether or not known to it or any Collateralised Party), including:
(a) 
any time, waiver or consent granted to, or composition with, the Pledgor or other 
person;
(b) 
the release of any other person under the terms of any composition or arrangement 
with any creditor of any member of the group to which the Pledgor belongs;
(c) 
the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or 
neglect to perfect, take up or enforce any rights against, or security over assets of, 
the Pledgor or other person or any non-presentation or non-observance of any 
formality or other requirement in respect of any instrument or any failure to realise 
the full value of any security;
(d) 
any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or 
change in the members or status of the Pledgor or any other person;
(e) 
any amendment (however fundamental), novation or replacement of a Note 
Document or any other document or security; or
(f) 
any insolvency or similar proceedings.
11.4 
Immediate recourse
The Pledgor waives any right it may have of first requiring the Trustee to proceed against or 
enforce any other rights or security or claim payment from any person before claiming from 
the Pledgor under this Agreement. This waiver applies irrespective of any law or any 
provision of the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms to the contrary.
11.5 
Appropriations
Until all the Liabilities have been irrevocably paid in full and all facilities which might give rise 
to Liabilities have irrevocably and unconditionally terminated, the Trustee may refrain from 
applying or enforcing any other moneys, security or rights held or received by the Trustee in 
respect of those amounts, or apply and enforce the same in such manner and order as it 
sees fit (whether against those amounts or otherwise) and the Pledgor shall not be entitled 
to the benefit of the same. 
11.6 
Additional Security
The Pledge is in addition to, and independent of, any other security or guarantee the Trustee 
and/or the Lender may now or hereafter hold in respect of the Liabilities. None of such

--- Page 192 ---
192
security interests or guarantees shall prejudice, or shall be prejudiced by, or be merged or 
commingled in any way with, the Pledge.
12. 
DISCHARGE OF PLEDGE
12.1 
Final redemption
Subject to Clause 12.2 (Retention of Security), if the Trustee is satisfied that all the Liabilities 
have been irrevocably paid in full, the Trustee shall at the request and cost of the Pledgor 
release and discharge (as appropriate) the Pledged Assets from the Pledge, including for 
the avoidance of doubt any excess proceeds pledged in accordance with clause 3 of the 
Terms and Conditions (Limitation on Realisation).
12.2 
Retention of Security
If the Trustee considers that any amount paid or credited to the Trustee under any Note 
Document is capable of being avoided or otherwise set aside on the Winding-up of the 
Pledgor or any other person, or otherwise, that amount shall not be considered to have been 
paid for the purposes of determining whether all the Liabilities have been irrevocably paid.
13. 
EXPENSES
The Pledgor shall, within three (3) Business Days of demand, pay to the Trustee the amount 
of all costs, losses, liabilities and reasonable expenses (including legal fees) incurred by the 
Trustee in relation to the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms (including the 
administration, protection, realisation, enforcement or preservation of any rights under or in 
connection with this Agreement, or any consideration by the Trustee as to whether to realise 
or enforce the same, and/or any amendment, waiver, consent or release of the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms and/or any other document referred to in this Agreement).
14. 
RIGHTS, WAIVERS AND DETERMINATIONS
14.1 
Ambiguity
(a) 
Where there is any ambiguity or conflict between the rights conferred by law and those 
conferred by or pursuant to the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms, the terms of 
the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms shall prevail to the extent permitted by any 
applicable law.
(b) 
The provisions of this Agreement are without prejudice to the provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms. In case of inconsistency, the provisions in the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms shall prevail to the extent permitted by any applicable law.
14.2 
Exercise of rights
No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Trustee, any right or 
remedy under the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms shall operate as a waiver, 
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy prevent any further or other 
exercise of such right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy. The rights and 
remedies provided in the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms are cumulative and 
not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.
14.3 
Determinations
Any determination by or certificate of the Trustee under this Agreement is, in the absence of 
manifest error, conclusive evidence of the matters to which it relates.

--- Page 193 ---
193
15. 
WAIVERS
None of the terms or provisions of this Agreement may be waived, altered, modified or 
amended, except by an instrument in writing, duly executed by or on behalf of the Trustee 
and the Pledgor. This Agreement and all obligations of the Pledgor hereunder shall be 
binding upon the successors and assigns of the Pledgor, and shall, together with the rights 
and remedies of the Trustee and the Collateralised Parties hereunder, inure to the benefit of 
the Trustee and the Collateralised Parties and their successors and assigns.
16. 
ASSIGNMENT
The Pledgor may not assign or transfer all or any part of its rights or obligations hereunder 
(i) except if permitted under the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms or (ii) unless 
otherwise agreed upon by the Trustee. The Trustee and the Collateralised Parties may 
assign all or any of their respective rights hereunder. Any successor to or assignee of the 
Trustee and the Collateralised Parties shall be entitled to the full benefits hereof.
For the purpose of Article 1278 of the Luxembourg Civil Code, to the extent required under 
applicable law and without prejudice to the provisions in the Terms and Conditions and/or 
the Final Terms, the Trustee hereby expressly reserves the preservation of this Pledge and 
the security interest created thereunder in case of assignment, novation, amendment or any 
other transfer of the Secured Obligations or any other rights arising for it or the Secured 
Parties under the Notes.
17. 
NOTICES
Every notice, request, demand or other communication under this Agreement shall:
(a) 
be in writing delivered personally or by first-class prepaid letter (airmail if available), 
telex, telegram or cable.
(b) 
be sent;
(1)
to the Pledgor at: Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A, acting solely in
relation to its compartment [X]
6, rue Eugène Ruppert, 
L-2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
email: […]
(2)
to the Trustee at: Chartered Investment Germany GmbH
Am Fürstenwall 172A, 
40217 Düsseldorf, 
Germany
email:[…]
[(3)
to the Bank at: Société Générale Luxembourg
11 Avenue Emile Reuter, 
L- 2420 Luxembourg,

--- Page 194 ---
194
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg
email:[…]
or to such other address or telefax number as is notified by any party to the other parties to 
this Agreement.
18. 
TAXES AND STAMP DUTY
The Pledgor shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Trustee against any and all stamp, 
registration, VAT (Value Added Tax) and similar taxes or charges which may be payable in 
connection with the entry into, performance or enforcement of this Agreement (including 
penalties for late payment).
19. 
SEVERABILITY
Any provision in this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, 
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability, 
without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such 
provision in any other jurisdiction.
20. 
COUNTERPARTS
This agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same 
effect as if the signatures on the counterpart were on a single copy of this Agreement.
21. 
HEADINGS
The Clause headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall 
not affect the construction of this Agreement.
22. 
GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by Luxembourg law.
23. 
JURISDICTION CLAUSE
The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the City of 
Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) to settle any dispute arising out or in connection 
with this Agreement (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of 
this Agreement and any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with this 
Agreement (a "Dispute").
This Clause is for the benefit of the Trustee only. As a result, the Trustee shall not be 
prevented from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction.
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions.
This Agreement has been duly executed in as many counterparts as there are parties hereto on the 
date stated at the beginning.

--- Page 195 ---
195
SCHEDULE 1
Form of Notice to the Bank
 Form of Notice of Pledge
[LETTERHEAD OF PLEDGOR]
From:  
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A., acting solely on behalf of its 
compartment [X] (the "Pledgor") 
Attn.:  
Address: 6, rue Eugène Ruppert,  
L-2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Tel: 
Fax:  
E-mail:  
To: 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE LUXEMBOURG (the "Account Bank")
Attn.: M. François Blanche 
Address: 11, Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Tel: +352 47 93 11 50 24 
Fax: + 352 26 20 08 36 
E-mail: francois.blanche@socgen.com 
Cc:
CHARTERED INVESTMENT GERMANY GmbH (the "Trustee")
Address: Am Fürstenwall 172A, 40217 Düsseldorf, Germany 
Fax:  
Email:  
Attn.:  
Luxembourg, (date)
Dear Sirs,
We refer to the account number(s) [●] opened and maintained in your books, including any 
sub-account(s) (the "Account").
We hereby give you notice of a first ranking pledge (gage de premier rang) granted by 
ourselves, as pledgor (the "Pledgor") in favour of Chartered Investment Germany GmbH as 
trustee (the "Trustee") over the Pledged Assets pursuant to an account pledge agreement 
dated [●] (the "Account Pledge Agreement"), a fully signed copy of which is attached 
hereto.
Terms defined in the Account Pledge Agreement will have the same meanings when used 
herein.

--- Page 196 ---
196
We request you to waive, for the benefit of the Trustee, any present and future lien, security 
interest, claim, option, pledge, charge, assignment, transfer or other encumbrance of any 
kind existing over the Pledged Assets in your favour or right of set-off or right of retention 
against the Pledgor.
All bank statements relating to the Account will be copied to the Trustee upon first demand 
of the Trustee. In this context, we formally authorise you to promptly provide to the Trustee, 
upon the Trustee’s request, from time to time, any information with regard to the Account, 
the Pledged Assets and the transactions effected therewith during the term of the Account 
Pledge Agreement. We therefore release you of your professional secrecy obligation for any 
information transmitted in accordance with the Account Pledge Agreement to the Trustee 
and more generally, of any liability with regard to any damages whatsoever which you may 
incur owing to the transmission of such information.
It is a requirement of the Account Pledge Agreement that (i) we give you this notice on the 
date of the signing of the Account Pledge Agreement and (ii) you acknowledge receipt of this 
notice to us in the form which is attached hereto immediately upon receipt of this notice.
This notice and your acknowledgement and acceptance thereof will be governed by the laws 
of Luxembourg.
We kindly ask you to return the attached acknowledgement letter on the date hereof, duly 
executed on your behalf, to our above address, with a copy to the Trustee.
Yours sincerely,

--- Page 197 ---
197
The Pledgor
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A.
acting solely on behalf of its compartment [X]  
By:
____________________
Name:
Title:

--- Page 198 ---
198
SCHEDULE 2
Form of Acknowledgement of Pledge
[LETTERHEAD OF THE ACCOUNT BANK] 
From:  
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE LUXEMBOURG (the “Account Bank”) 
Attn.: M. François Blanche 
Address: 11, Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Tel: +352 47 93 11 50 24 
Fax: + 352 26 20 08 36 
E-mail: francois.blanche@socgen.com 
To:  
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A acting solely on behalf of its 
compartment [X] (the “Pledgor”) 
Attn.:  
Address: 6, rue Eugène Ruppert,  
L-2453 Luxembourg,  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Tel:  
Fax: 
E-mail:  
Cc: 
CHARTERED INVESTMENT GERMANY GmbH (the "Trustee")
Attn.:  
Address: Am Fürstenwall 172A, 40217 Düsseldorf, Germany 
Tel: 
Fax:  
E-mail:  
Luxembourg, [date]
Dear Sir or Madam,
We refer to the notice of pledge dated [●] and regarding a pledge over a bank account 
entered into between Chartered Investment Germany GmbH (the "Trustee") and Opus 
(Public) Chartered Issuance S.A acting solely in relation to its Compartment [X] (the 
"Pledgor") on [●] (the "Pledge Agreement") for the purpose of creating a pledge over any 
claim the Pledgor may have to the credit balance of the account as listed hereunder (the 
"Account") opened in the name of the Pledgor with our bank (the "Account Bank"):
(1)
[…] Account: Root number […], and any associated sub-account
(2)
[…] Account: Root number […], and any associated sub-account
We confirm and agree the following:

--- Page 199 ---
199
1. The Account Bank by signing hereunder for acceptance acknowledges and accepts the 
existence of the Pledge and hereby releases any pledge or lien resulting from the application 
of its general terms and conditions (the "Account Bank's General Terms and Conditions") 
or any other agreement over the Account and waives any right of retention, set-off and, more 
generally, any rights that may adversely affect the Pledge, being understood that the Account 
Bank shall maintain the right to debit the Account of its annual fee charged to the Pledgor as 
well as its expenses related to the functioning of the Account. The Account Bank has not 
previously received any other notice of pledge, charge, assignment or other in respect of the 
Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank's right of uniqueness of accounts and right 
of set-off as described under Clauses 7.1 and 7.2 of the Account Bank's General Terms and 
Conditions, and clause 4.2 (Cash Accounts) of the custody agreement dated 15 April 2019 
and entered into between the Account Bank and the Pledgor (the "Custody Agreement") 
shall remain unchanged and in full effect.
2. The Account Bank takes notice of the terms of the Pledge Agreement (of which it has 
received a copy) and, in particular of clause 4 (Operation of Pledged Account). According to 
this clause 4, until the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (as defined in the Pledge 
Agreement), the Account shall not be blocked and, without prejudice to the security interest 
created pursuant to this Pledge Agreement, the Pledgor shall be allowed to continue to 
operate the Account. Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Account Bank 
notes that this authorisation may at any moment be revoked by the Trustee by giving written 
notice to the Account Bank (the "Notice of Enforcement" substantially in the form attached 
in Schedule 3 of the Pledge Agreement), with a copy to the Pledgor, as follows:
(a)
by fax to the attention of [●] at the following fax number: [●]; and
(b)
by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt at the following address: [●].
If at any time following an Enforcement Event under the Pledge Agreement the Trustee 
delivers to the Account Bank a Notice of Enforcement, this authorisation to operate the 
Account will be revoked automatically and the Account be blocked one (1) banking day (the 
"Banking Day"), meaning any day on which banks are open for business purposes in 
Luxembourg) after the receipt of the Notice of Enforcement. 
The Account shall then be blocked and the Pledgor shall not be allowed to dispose of any 
Pledged Assets (as defined in the Pledge Agreement) or otherwise make any operations in 
respect of the Account, except with the prior written consent of the Trustee. After having 
blocked the Account, we will no longer comply with any instructions from the Pledgor with 
respect to the Account but shall accept any instructions from the Trustee in relation to the 
Account, which the Trustee is irrevocably authorised by the Pledgor to operate. 
Before using its power of instruction on the account blocked in accordance with the above, 
the Trustee shall provide us upon written request by the Account Bank acting reasonably, 
with the following information:
- 
a list of the names of the signatories authorised to manage and operate the Pledged 
Account on behalf of the Trustee,
- 
a certified copy of the identity card of each such signatory,
- 
a specimen signature of each such signatory, and
- 
the type of regime applicable to signatures (individual or collective).

--- Page 200 ---
200
In case of any change in relation to the authorised signatories of the Trustee, the Trustee 
shall inform us without delay of the newly authorised signatories and send us certified copies 
of their identities.
Any transfers, realisations or enforcement that the Account Bank may conduct in favour of 
or on behalf of the Trustee shall in any event be limited to the value of the cash claims, 
securities and credit balances of the Account on the date of any transfer, realisation or 
enforcement. 
3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Pledgor formally authorises 
us to promptly provide to the Trustee, upon the Trustee’s request, from time to time, any 
information with regard to the Account, the Pledged Assets and the transactions effected 
therewith during the term of the Pledge Agreement. Therefore, the Pledgor releases us of 
our professional secrecy obligation for any information transmitted in accordance with the 
Pledge Agreement to the Trustee and more generally, of any liability with regard to any 
damages whatsoever which we may incur owing to the transmission of such information.   
4. The acceptance of the terms of the Pledge Agreement by the Account Bank does not 
imply any obligation for the Account Bank to guarantee any commitments of the Pledgor 
towards the Trustee or towards any other party to any other agreement mentioned in the 
Pledge Agreement. The Account Bank hereby expressly disclaims any warranty, guarantee, 
conditions, covenant and representations regarding any other agreement referred to in the 
Pledge Agreement as well as regarding the conformity of the provisions of the Pledge 
Agreement with Luxembourg law. It is specifically agreed that the Account Bank shall have 
no responsibility nor duty to check that the conditions set out in the Pledge Agreement or 
any other agreement and defined in these agreements as "Enforcement Event" are fulfilled, 
nor to check that the operation of the Account by the Pledgor is made according to any 
agreement mentioned in the Pledge Agreement. Furthermore, the Account Bank has no 
obligation of any kind of information, control, monitoring vis-à-vis the Trustee before the 
blocking of the Account.
5. As a consequence, the Pledgor and the Trustee expressly accept that the Account Bank 
shall not assume any other obligation than:
- 
those expressly provided for in this acknowledgement or in the provisions of 
Luxembourg law relating to pledges and; 
- 
upon occurrence of an enforcement of the Pledge (clause 6 (Enforcement) of the 
Pledge Agreement), to act according to the actions which the Trustee requests the 
Account Bank to take.
6. In addition to its obligations foreseen in the Pledge Agreement, the Trustee accepts to 
send all notices foreseen in the Pledge Agreement to the Account Bank by registered mail 
or special courier service and by fax to the following number +352-26 20 08 36 before 17:00 
(5:00 PM) Luxembourg time.
7. All reasonable costs and expenses (including without limitation, legal fees) incurred by the 
Account Bank in the lawful exercise of the powers and rights hereby conferred shall be 
payable by the Pledgor.
8. The Pledgor and the Trustee hereby acknowledge that the Account Bank shall not be 
liable for any loss or damage suffered by the Pledgor or the Trustee, save if such loss or 
damage is suffered as a result of willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Account Bank.

--- Page 201 ---
201
The Pledgor will indemnify the Account Bank and keep the Account Bank indemnified against 
all reasonable and duly documented damages, losses, actions, claims, expenses, demands 
and liabilities which may be incurred by or made against the Account Bank for anything done 
or omitted in the exercise or purported exercise of the powers contained herein other than 
to the extent that such damages, losses, actions, claims, expenses, demands and liabilities 
are incurred or made against the Account Bank as a result of gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of the Account Bank. 
9. For the avoidance of any doubt, to be opposable to us, the pledge on any future account(s) 
to be opened with the Account Bank shall have to be subject to (i) a similar notice of pledge 
from the Pledgor specifying expressly the account number concerned and (ii) a similar 
acknowledgement letter from our bank.
10. These undertakings are for the benefit of the Account Bank only and shall in no way 
affect the rights of the Trustee or the obligations of the Pledgor under the Pledge Agreement, 
or the existence, perfection, continuity or enforceability of the Pledge constituted there under. 
In case of discrepancies between the Pledge Agreement and this acknowledgement, the 
latter shall prevail insofar as the Account Bank is concerned. 
11. It is agreed that the Account Bank shall have neither responsibility nor duty to check 
whether the signatures on behalf of the Trustee under the Notice of Enforcement and the 
release notice are authorized signatures and validly bind the Trustee. 
12. All capitalised terms used in this acknowledgement and not otherwise defined herein 
have the same meaning given to them in the Pledge Agreement or in the notice of pledge.
13. This acknowledgement is governed by and to be construed according to Luxembourg 
law. The courts in Luxembourg-City, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg are the competent courts 
for any dispute in relation to this acknowledgement.
Yours faithfully

--- Page 202 ---
202
Société Générale Luxembourg S.A. 
as Account Bank
By:
_________________
Name:
Title:

--- Page 203 ---
203
SCHEDULE 3
Notice of Enforcement
[LETTERHEAD OF THE TRUSTEE] 
To:  
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE LUXEMBOURG (the "Account Bank") 
Attn.: M. François Blanche 
Address: 11, Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Tel: + 352 47 93 11 50 24 
Fax: + 352 26 20 08 36 
E-mail: francois.blanche@socgen.com 
From:  
CHARTERED INVESTMENT GERMANY GmbH (the "Trustee") 
To the attention of:  
Address: Am Fürstenwall 172A, 40217 Düsseldorf, Germany 
Email:  
Cc:  
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A. acting solely on behalf of its 
compartment [X] (the "Pledgor") 
To the attention of: [●] 
Address: 6, rue Eugène Ruppert,  
L-2453 Luxembourg,  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Email: [●] 
By return of telefax
[DATE]
Ladies and Gentlemen
We refer to the notice of pledge dated [●] and regarding a pledge agreement dated [●], under 
which Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. acting solely in relation to its Compartment [X] 
as pledgor (the "Pledgor"), has granted a first ranking pledge to Chartered Investment 
Germany GmbH as trustee (the "Trustee"), on all amounts and assets which presently or in 
the future are held in or stand to the credit of (i) a current account with [●] (the "Account") 
opened in the name of the Pledgor with the Account Bank, as well as any other claim the 
Pledgor may have against the Account Bank in relation to such account (the "Account 
Pledge Agreement").
We hereby give you notice, for the purpose of Clause 6 of the Account Pledge Agreement, 
that an Enforcement Event (as defined in the Account Pledge Agreement) has occurred.
We hereby request that, upon the receipt of this notice and a phone call from us confirming 
the sending of this notice, you:
a. 
block the Account within the time limit provided for in your Acknowledgement.

--- Page 204 ---
204
b. 
not accept or execute any instructions by the Pledgor or any other person acting on 
behalf of or in the name of the Pledgor in respect of the Account; and
c. 
notify the Trustee once the blocking of the Account has become effective.
Following the blocking of the Account, we, as the Trustee, are authorised to collect the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Account and to take any other action necessary to 
enforce the Pledge in accordance with the terms of the Account Pledge Agreement.
Please transfer EUR [ ] from the Account to [Account Number].
All capitalised terms used in this notice and not otherwise defined herein have the same 
meaning given to them in the Account Pledge Agreement.
This notice is governed by and to be construed according to Luxembourg law. The courts in 
Luxembourg-City, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg are the competent courts for any dispute in 
relation to this notice.
The Trustee 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH
By: .......................................................................... 
Name: .......................................................................... 
Title: .........................................................................

--- Page 205 ---
205
SCHEDULE 4
Confirmation
[LETTERHEAD OF THE ACCOUNT BANK] 
From:  
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE LUXEMBOURG (the "Account Bank") 
Attn.: M. François Blanche 
Address: 11, Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg 
Tel: +352 47 93 11 50 24 
Fax: + 352 26 20 08 36 
E-mail: francois.blanche@socgen.com 
To: 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH (the "Trustee")
Attn.:  
Address: Am Fürstenwall 172A, 40217 Düsseldorf, Germany 
Tel: 
Fax:  
E-mail:  
Cc:  
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A acting solely on behalf of its 
compartment [X] (the "Pledgor") 
Attn.:  
Address: 6, rue Eugène Ruppert,  
L-2453 Luxembourg,  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Tel:  
Fax: 
E-mail:  
By return of telefax 
[DATE] 
Dear Sirs 
We refer to the notice of pledge dated [●] 2023, and regarding an account pledge agreement 
dated [●] 2023 entered into between Opus (Public) Chartered Issuance S.A. acting solely in 
relation to its Compartment [X] as pledgor (the "Pledgor") and Chartered Investment 
Germany GmbH as trustee (the "Account Pledge Agreement") for the purpose of creating 
a pledge over any claim the Pledgor may have to the credit balance of the Account (as 
defined therein) opened in the name of the Pledgor with our bank, as well as any other claim 
the Pledgor may have against our bank in relation to such Account.
We hereby acknowledge the receipt of the Notice of Enforcement dated [DATE] (the "Notice 
of Enforcement") and confirm that:

--- Page 206 ---
206
(a) the bank account having IBAN number [●] as referred to in the Notice of Enforcement 
have been effectively blocked; and
(b) we will not execute any instructions whatsoever given by the Pledgor and/or any 
authorised signatories acting on its behalf in relation to the Account; and
(c) we will exclusively execute instructions given by the Trustee in relation to the 
Account.
Capitalized terms used in this confirmation and not otherwise defined herein have the same 
meaning ascribed to them in the Account Pledge Agreement.
This confirmation and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
The courts of Luxembourg-City have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out 
of or in connection with this Confirmation (including a dispute relating to the existence or 
validity of this Confirmation or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with this Confirmation).
Yours faithfully
Société Générale Luxembourg S.A. 
as Account Bank 
By: ...................................................... 
Name: ...................................................... 
Title: .....................................................

--- Page 207 ---
207
The Pledgor
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A.
By:
Name:
Title:
The Trustee 
Chartered Investment Germany GmbH
By:
Name:
Title: