--- Page 1 ---
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1 
Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
ORANGE 
(Established as a société anonyme in the Republic of France) 
 
EURO 35,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
Under its €35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Orange ("Orange" or the "Issuer"), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The 
Notes may be issued as senior notes (the "Senior Notes") or as subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes").The aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 35,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes). 
This base prospectus as may be supplemented from time to time (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of, and for the purposes of 
giving information with regard to Orange and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole (the "Group"), and the Notes which is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects 
of Orange and the rights attached to the Notes, the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus received approval no. 21-268 on 30 June 2021 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and shall be in 
force for a period of one year as of the date of its approval by the AMF provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the 
Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, for Notes 
to be issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris") 
and/or any other regulated market located in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Directive 
2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (each such market being, a "Regulated Market"). The Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be unlisted or listed on an alternative stock exchange or market. The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any 
Notes (the "Final Terms"), forms of which are contained herein, will specify whether or not an application has been or will be made for 
such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s) where the Notes will be 
listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be €100,000 and, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Baa1 by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
("Moody's") and BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-
term debt, BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P, Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch and (ii) for its short-term 
debt A2 by S&P, (ii) P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch. Each of such credit rating agencies is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Market Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of 
Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer or 
to other Notes issued under the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency without notice.  
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms related to Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be available on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer's website (www.orange.com) and copies of such documents may be obtained, during 
normal business hours, free of charge from the registered office of Orange. 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to 
invest in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
 
Arrangers 
 BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities  
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference therein in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), each of which shall be incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, should be 
read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AMF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by Orange, the Dealers or the Arrangers (each defined in section "Subscription and Sale of the Notes"). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Orange or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of Orange or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by Orange, the 
Dealers and the Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or any of the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or in the case of Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or, in the case of Materialised Notes in 
bearer form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "U.S. Internal Revenue Code"). 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see section "Subscription and Sale of the Notes". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
Orange, the Dealers or the Arrangers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arrangers and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or none of the Arrangers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any financial statements (including any information incorporated by reference) are intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and nor should they be considered as a recommendation by any of 
Orange, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or of any financial 
statements (including any information incorporated by reference) should purchase the Notes. In making an 
investment decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent 
investigation and appraisal of the Issuer or the Group and the terms of the offering, including the merits and 
risks involved. For further details, see section "Risk Factors" herein. The contents of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should 
determine for itself and/or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an 
investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers or none of the Arrangers undertakes to review the financial

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1 
condition or affairs of Orange or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arrangers and the Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Green Eligible Projects 
and/or Social Eligible Projects (as defined herein), any verification of whether the Green Eligible Projects 
and/or Social Eligible Projects meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (or amounts equal thereto). Investors should refer to the 
Framework (as defined herein) as the same may be amended from time to time, the Second Party Opinion (as 
defined herein) delivered in respect thereof as amended or superseded from time to time, and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuers in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds for further information. The Framework and Second Party 
Opinion, and any such public reporting, will not be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and neither 
the Arrangers nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018 and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, 
("MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
"Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) 
and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "SF (CMP) Regulations") that, unless otherwise 
stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products as defined in SF (CMP) Regulations and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-
105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. Also see "Subscription and Sale"–Canada. 
Taxation  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's 
advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. 
Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of member states of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax ("FTT") in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. Prospective investors 
should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the FTT associated with subscribing, 
purchasing, holding and disposing the Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and 
 
(vi) 
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable 
restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes. 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Independent review and advice 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by 
that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Provision of information 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the 
Inflation Indices (as defined hereafter). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the 
Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in 
the context of the Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1 
on the part of any such persons to disclose to the Noteholders or any other party such information (whether 
or not confidential).

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................ 8 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 16 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................... 35 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS.................................................................... 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ..................................................... 41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES .................................... 87 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATE ........................................................................... 127 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES .................................................................. 128 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ....................................................... 132 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ...................................... 148 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................ 164 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................ 165 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................... 166 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 187 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS .............................................................................................................. 191

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as 
shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes" below shall have the same meaning in this general description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
Orange 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the offer of Notes (the "Programme") 
Use of Proceeds: 
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, except otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, as 
described in the relevant Final Terms, will be used by the Issuer either (i) for general 
corporate purposes including for the financing or the refinancing of its current 
indebtedness or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Green 
Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and 
described in the Issuer's sustainability financing framework (as may be amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Framework"). 
The Framework received a second party opinion from Vigeo Eiris. 
The Framework and the second party opinion are available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.orange.com). 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas and BofA Securities Europe SA. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, 
HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, NatWest 
Markets N.V. and Société Générale. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed as Dealer and to such additional persons that are from 
time to time appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and 
all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme 
Limit: 
Euro 35,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading "Risk factors 
relating to the Issuer" in the section headed "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading 
"Risks factors relating to the Notes" in the section headed "Risk Factors" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Fiscal Agent, 
Paying Agent, 
Redenomination 
Société Générale

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent and 
Calculation 
Agent: 
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent: 
Aether Financial Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued as senior notes (the "Senior Notes") or as subordinated notes 
(the "Subordinated Notes"). 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date will have 
maturities as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
The Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date will have no fixed maturity date. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated and/or payable in any currency as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to all applicable consents being obtained and compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes) in circumstances which require the 
publication of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Status of the 
Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of the negative plegde below) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law, equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the 
Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes are deeply subordinated notes of the Issuer issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. The obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of principal, interest and other amounts (including for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Arrears of Interest) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply 
subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future 
Parity Securities of the Issuer, but shall be subordinated to present and future prêts 
participatifs granted to the Issuer and to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and to 
Unsubordinated Obligations of, or issued by, the Issuer. The Notes shall rank in priority to 
any Junior Securities.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Prohibition of 
set- off 
(Subordinated 
notes only): 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, 
or arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, 
by virtue of its holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
Negative Pledge 
(Senior Notes 
only): 
So long as any of the Senior Notes remains outstanding the Issuer will not, and shall 
ensure that none of its principal subsidiaries, as determined at the time on the basis of 
various criteria (each, a "Principal Subsidiary") will, create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (each a 
"Security Interest") upon the whole or any part of its/their respective assets or revenues 
of whatever nature present or future, to secure any market and over-the-counter 
indebtedness, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any market and over-the-
counter indebtedness, unless at the same time or prior thereto the Issuer's obligations under 
the Senior Notes and Coupons are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit from a 
Security Interest or guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto to the 
extent permitted by French or other applicable law or regulation. 
Redemption 
Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable calculated on the 
basis as specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Early 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole 
or in part, as the case may be) and/or the Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption, in accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes and of the Subordinated Notes. 
Call Option 
(Senior Notes 
only): 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described) in relation to all or, if so 
provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, 
as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to 
the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
Optional 
Redeemption 
(Subordinated 
Notes only): 
If a Optional Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer 
may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described) in relation to all or, if so 
provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or on any date during any 
Residual Redemption Period, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
Make-Whole 
Redemption: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives redeem, (i) with 
respect to Senior Notes, in whole or in part the Senior Notes and (ii) with respect to 
Subordinated Notes, all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, at their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount. 
Clean-up Call 
Option: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer may, in the event that, 
following any purchase or partial redemption of the Notes by the Issuer, the aggregate 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes of that Series is equal to, or lower than, 25% of 
the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes or any lower percentage (the "Clean-
Up Percentage") as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, at its option, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest).

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Pre-Maturity 
Call Option 
(Senior Notes 
only): 
If a Pre-Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Senior Notes in that Series at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and including) the "Pre-
Maturity Call Option Date" (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Put Option 
(Senior Notes 
only): 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, redeem the relevant Note(s) on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest). 
Redemption 
following an 
Accounting 
Event 
(Subordinated 
Notes only): 
If an Accounting Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its option redeem 
all the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) on any day from the Accounting Event 
Adoption Date at the Early Redemption Amount. 
Redemption 
following an 
Equity Credit 
Rating Event 
(Subordinated 
Notes only): 
If an Equity Credit Rating Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its 
option redeem all the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at any time at the Early 
Redemption Amount, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
may be given shall be no earlier than the last calendar day before the date on which the 
Subordinated Notes are assigned a level of equity credit that is lower than the level or 
equivalent level of equity credit assigned to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating 
Agency on the Issue Date, or if such equity credit was not assigned on the Issue Date, at 
the date when the equity credit was assigned for the first time. 
Redemption for 
taxation reason: 
See Condition 7.6 (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and Condition 7.3 (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such 
withholding or deduction is required by French law, the Issuer will have to gross-up its 
payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject to certain exemptions. 
Interest Periods 
and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its 
method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. All such information 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Interest periods will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Optionnal 
Interest Deferral 
(Subordinated 
Notes only): 
Interest payments shall only be due and payable if the Issuer so elects, in accordance with 
the provisions of the following paragraphs. 
Optional Interest Payments 
If Optional Interest Payments is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at any time and at its sole discretion, elect to defer in whole or in part the 
payment of interest accrued on the Notes in respect of any Interest Period by giving notice 
of such election to the Noteholders; except in relation to a payment of interest to be made 
on an Interest Payment Date falling on the date of redemption of the Notes. If the Issuer 
makes such an election, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make such payment and any 
such non-payment or partial payment of interest shall not constitute a default of the Issuer or 
any other breach of obligations under the Notes. 
Any interest in respect of the Notes which has not been paid at the election of the Issuer in 
accordance with this paragraph will be deferred and shall constitute "Arrears of Interest" 
and shall be payable as outlined below.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount thereon) may at the 
option of the Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time, provided that all Arrears of 
Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) in respect of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on 
the date (the "Mandatory Settlement Date") which is the earliest of: 
(a) 
the tenth (10th) Business Day following the occurrence of a Mandatory 
Payment Event; 
(b) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not 
elect to defer all or part of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(c) 
the date on which the Notes are redeemed; or 
(d) 
upon a judgment is made for the judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation 
judiciaire), or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer 
(cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial 
recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or in the event of the voluntary 
dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in 
all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger or other reorganization outside the context of an insolvency whereby the 
surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). 
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest in accordance with article 1343-2 of 
the French Code civil as if it constituted the principal of the Notes at a rate which 
corresponds to the rate of interest from time to time applicable to the Notes (the "Arrears 
Interest Rate") and the amount of such interest (the "Additional Interest Amount") with 
respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable pursuant to this paragraph and shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the Arrears Interest Rate to the amount of 
the Arrears of Interest. 
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts: 
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts are paid in 
part: 
(a) 
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before any 
Additional Interest Amounts; 
(b) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment 
has been made of all Arrears of Interest that have accrued during any earlier period 
and the order of payment of Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the 
Arrears of Interest to which they relate; and 
(c) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of any of the Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the total 
amount of all unpaid Arrears of Interest or, as the case may be, Additional 
Interest Amounts accrued on the Notes in respect of that period to the date of 
payment. 
Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Resettable Notes 
(Subordinated 
Notes only): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes, Resettable Notes for which the interest rate shall be a 
fixed interest rate resettable at different reset dates may be issued by the Issuer. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined as follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant specified currency governed by an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions published by the Fédération Bancaire Française; or 
(b) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap transaction in the

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
relevant specified currency governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivaties Association, 
Inc.; or 
(c) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service or on the basis of market quotations, subject to 
provisions of a benchmark discontinuation, if applicable, 
in each case, plus or minus the margin (if any). 
Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for which a change of interest is specified to be applicable may 
be issued by the Issuer. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes (Senior 
Notes only): 
In respect of Senior Notes, Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked 
Notes (Senior 
Notes only): 
In respect of Senior Notes, Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the 
interest and/or the principal in respect of such Senior Notes will be calculated by reference 
to an inflation index ratio derived from either: 
- 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques; or 
- 
the harmonized index of consumer price excluding tobacco, or the relevant 
successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat; or 
- 
the United States non-seasonally adjusted consumer price index for all urban 
consumers as reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. 
Department of Labor and published by Bloomberg page "CPURNSA" or any 
successor source. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to determine a successor or an 
alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such 
Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 6.2.3(d) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 6.3.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes for further information. 
Mid-Swap Rate 
Discontinuation 
(Subordinated 
Notes only): 
In the event that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original mid-swap 
rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser 
to determine a successor or an alternative mid-swap rate (with consequent amendment to 
the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). See 
Condition 6.2.3 (Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes for further information. 
Events of Default  
(Senior Notes 
only): 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the Senior Notes as set out 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes. 
Enforcement 
Events, no 
Events of Default 
and no Cross 
Default 
(Subordinated 
Notes only): 
There are no events of default in respect of the Subordinated Notes. There is no cross 
default under the Subordinated Notes. 
However, each Subordinated Note shall become immediately due and payable at its 
principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, to the date of payment and 
any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon), in the event 
that a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the 
business of the Issuer (cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or in the event of a voluntary dissolution of 
the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above, 
other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation 
outside the context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of 
the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes). No payments will be made to holders of any 
class of the share capital of the Issuer before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all 
Noteholders have been paid by the Issuer. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute obligations under French law. The Notes may be issued in either 
dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised 
Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in either bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes.  
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form.  
Governing Law: 
French law.  
Clearing 
Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in relation 
to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
Not later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the application form relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery 
of Materialised 
Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount.  
Settlement 
procedure of the 
Notes: 
Any Notes issued under the Programme as Dematerialised Bearer Notes will be accepted 
for clearance through Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme as Materialised Bearer Notes will be represented 
initially upon issue by Temporary Global Certificates and will be accepted for clearance 
through Clearstream or Euroclear or any other relevant clearing system. 
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) 
issued under the Programme will be paid in cash. 
Approval -
Admission to 
trading and 
listing: 
Application may be made during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of 
approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, for Notes to be issued under the Programme 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris 
("Euronext Paris") and/or any other regulated market located in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") appearing on the list 
of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (each such 
market being, a "Regulated Market"). The Notes issued under the Programme may also 
be unlisted or listed on an alternative stock exchange or market. The relevant final terms in 
respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not an 
application has been or will be made for such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading, 
and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s) where the Notes will be 
listed and/or admitted to trading.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Method of 
Publication: 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market will always be published on the websites of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and Orange (www.orange.com). 
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
other than Euronext Paris, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) such 
Regulated Market or (y) the competent authority of the Member State in the EEA where 
such Regulated Market is situated. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France or in any other Member State of 
the EEA or in the United Kingdom. The Issuer and the Dealers have agreed other 
restrictions on the offer, sale and delivery of the Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in France, the United Kingdom, Japan, the United States of America, Hong-Kong, 
the People's Republic of China, Singapore and Canada. However, the Notes may be freely 
transferred in the relevant clearing system(s). See the section headed "Subscription and 
Sale" of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes will only be issued in circumstances which comply with the laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements which apply to the Notes from time to 
time including the restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions applicable at the date of the Base Prospectus.  
Rating: 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the long-term debt ratings of the Issuer assigned by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. 
("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), are BBB+, Baa1 (stable 
outlook) and BBB+ (stable outlook), respectively. The short-term debt ratings of the Issuer 
assigned by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch are A2, P2 and F2, respectively.  
Each of such credit rating agencies is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Market Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant 
Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Issuer or other Notes issued under the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning credit rating agency without notice. 
Representation 
of Noteholders: 
The Noteholders will be grouped automatically for the defence of their respective common 
interests in a masse (the "Masse") and the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the 
French Code de commerce relating to the Masse, as supplemented by the applicable Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes, shall apply. The Masse 
will be a separate legal entity, and will be acting in part through a representative and in 
part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting or through a consultation in 
writing. If and for so long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder 
shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting 
through collective decisions by the provisions of the French Code de Commerce.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The risk factors may 
relate to the Issuer, the Group or any of its subsidiaries. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent 
the main risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the 
Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The 
risks described below and in the documents incorporated by reference are not the only risks the Issuer, the 
Group or any of its subsidiaries face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or 
that are currently believed to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein and the Final Terms of the relevant Notes) and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should make their own 
assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into 
account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" or 
"Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes". 
1. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
Risks factors linked to the Issuer and its activity are described on pages 56 to 62 of the French language 
Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the financial year 2020 (the "2020 Universal 
Registration Document") which was filed with the AMF on 17 March 2021 under registration number 
D.21-0137 and which pages are incorporated by reference herein (see section "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference"). 
Operational risks 
 
A significant portion of Orange’s revenues is generated in highly competitive markets, where 
pricing pressure is strong and regulatory decisions are decisive; 
 
The existence of a high level of consolidation among Orange’s critical suppliers poses a risk 
to the Group’s business; 
 
Orange is faced with increasing demand for connectivity and must therefore accelerate the 
rollout of its networks while improving the quality of service, but such investments are 
constrained by the availability of resources; 
 
The shift of Orange’s ecosystem towards a more open and fragmented model enables global 
players to take an increasing share of the service and network value chain; 
 
The development of mobile financial services activities in an increasing number of countries 
confronts Orange with risks specific to this sector in each of its host countries; 
 
Orange’s broad geographic footprint and the scope of its activities expose it to geopolitical, 
macroeconomic, fiscal and regulatory risks; 
 
Orange is exposed to the risk of an interruption of its services;

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
Orange is exposed to risks of inappropriate disclosure or modification of stakeholder data in 
its possession, particularly in the event of cyberattacks; 
 
Orange’s strategy for developing its new growth drivers may fail to yield the expected results 
in an international context of sustained economic and social crisis; 
 
The Group’s brand policy, combined with a strategy of geographic expansion and 
diversification into new businesses, represents a risk for the Orange brand image; 
 
Orange’s technical infrastructure is vulnerable to damage caused by intentional or accidental 
damage, but also by natural disasters, the frequency of which is increased by climate change; 
 
The scope of Orange’s business activities and the interconnection of its networks expose the 
company to a variety of acts of technical fraud, specific to the telecommunication sector. 
Legal risks 
 
Orange operates in highly regulated markets, and its business activities and earnings could be 
materially affected by changes in laws or regulations, including those that are extraterritorial 
in nature, or by changes in government policy; 
 
Orange is regularly involved in litigation, the outcome of which could have a material adverse 
effect on its earnings, financial position and reputation; 
Financial risks 
Liquidity risk 
 
Orange’s earnings and outlook could be affected if conditions of access to capital markets 
become difficult; 
Risk of asset impairment  
 
Changes affecting the economic, political or regulatory environment may result in asset 
impairment, particularly of goodwill; 
Credit-rating risks 
 
A change in Orange’s credit rating could increase the cost of debt and in some cases limit 
access to the financing Orange needs; 
Non-financial risks 
 
Orange is exposed, particularly as a result of cyberattacks, to risks of inappropriate disclosure 
or modification of personal data, especially those of its customers;  
 
Orange faces a variety of internal and external risks relating to human health and safety; 
 
Orange is exposed to risks of corruption, or individual or collective behaviour that is not in 
line with its business ethics, or which may also be fraudulent; 
 
The scope of Orange’s business activities, its numerous locations around the world, and its 
business dealings with a variety of partners may expose the Group to a risk of breaching 
human rights and fundamental freedoms; 
 
Orange and some of its stakeholders are exposed to physical and transitional risks related to 
climate change;

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
In the future, Orange may find it difficult to obtain and retain the skills needed for its business 
on a long term basis due to numerous employee departures and ever faster developments in its 
activities; 
 
Exposure to electromagnetic fields from telecommunications equipment could have harmful 
effects on health and the perception of such a risk could hinder the development of services. 
Excessive and inappropriate use of telecommunication services and equipment could also 
have harmful consequences on health; 
 
The rapid development of new uses and technologies may jeopardize the commitments made 
by Orange with regard to reducing its environmental impact. 
2. 
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
2.1 
Risks related to legal issues regarding the Notes 
French Insolvency Law 
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. Under 
French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into a single assembly of 
holders (the "Assembly") in case of the opening in France of a safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated 
financial safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or a judicial 
reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) of the Issuer, in order to defend their 
common interests. 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), 
whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as the Programme) and regardless of their 
governing law. 
The Assembly deliberates on the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated 
safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial safeguard plan 
(projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de 
redressement) applicable to the Issuer and may further agree to: 
 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling due payments and/or writing-off debts;  
 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) 
as appropriate under the circumstances; and/or 
 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into securities that give, or may give 
rights, to the share capitalof the Issuer. 
Decisions will be taken by a two-third majority of the debt securities held by the holders expressing a 
vote at the Assembly. No quorum is required on convocation of the Assembly.  
The procedures, as described above or as they may be amended, could have an adverse impact on 
holders of the Notes seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to be subject 
to French insolvency proceedings. 
Hence, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in this Base Prospectus 
will not be applicable in these circumstances. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware that the receiver (administrateur judiciaire) is allowed to take 
into account the existence of voting or subordination agreements entered into by a holder of notes, or 
the existence or an arrangement providing that a third party will pay the holder’s claims, in full or in 
part, in order to reduce such holder’s voting rights within the Assembly. The receiver must disclose the 
method to compute such voting rights and the interested holder may dispute such computation before

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
the president of the competent commercial court. These provisions could apply to a Noteholder who 
has entered into a hedging arrangement in relation to the Notes. 
It should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 "on preventive restructuring frameworks, on 
discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures 
concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132" 
(the "Restructuring Directive") have been adopted by the European Union on 20 June 2019. Once 
transposed into French law (which is scheduled to happen by 17 July 2021 at the latest), such directive 
should have a material impact on French insolvency law, especially with regard to the process of 
adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this directive, “affected 
parties” (i.e., creditors, including the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect 
certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed 
in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that are sufficiently similar to 
justify considering the members of the class a homogenous group with commonality of interest. As a 
minimum, secured and unsecured claims shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting 
a restructuring plan. A restructuring plan shall be deemed to be adopted by affected parties, provided 
that a majority in the amount of their claims or interests is obtained in each and every class (the 
required majorities shall be laid down by Member States at not higher than 75% in the amount of 
claims or interests in each class). Member States may also, in addition, require that a majority in the 
number of affected parties is obtained in each class (no higher than 75% of the number of affected 
parties in each class). 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may 
however be confirmed by a judicial or administrative authority by applying, if specific conditions are 
fulfilled, a cross-class cram-down and consequently, become binding upon dissenting voting classes. 
Therefore, when the Restructuring Directive is transposed into French law, it is expected that holders of 
notes (including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly and accordingly they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. 
Instead, as any other affected parties, holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will be grouped into 
one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly 
be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a class of 
creditor, as the case may be, could substantially impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all 
or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"), Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
("Moody's") and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and (ii) for its 
short-term debt A2 by S&P, (ii) P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch. If the financial situation of the Issuer 
deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholder could be significant because: (i) the Issuer may not 
be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes 
may decrease, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer mays affect the market value of the Notes 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P, Baa1 by Moody's and BBB+ by Fitch. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P, Baa1 
(stable outlook) by Moody's and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch and (ii) for its short-term debt A2 by 
S&P, (ii) P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch. Such ratings are subject to reviews from time to time by the 
independent credit rating agencies which assign such credit ratings. 
In addition, one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those 
arising from the Notes. Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer 
may negatively affect the market value of the relevant Notes and, as a result, investors could lose part 
of their investment in the Notes. 
Any such ratings may not continue for any period of time or they may be reviewed, revised, suspended 
or withdrawn entirely by the relevant rating agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of 
information or if, in the rating agencies' judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any rating agency other 
than S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. or Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited could seek to rate the Notes and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than the 
comparable ratings assigned to the Notes by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors 
Service España, S.A. or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, such unsolicited ratings could have an adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose part of their investment in 
the Notes. 
Modification and waivers 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defense 
of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes. The Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes permit in certain cases defined majorities in respect of 
all Tranches of any Series to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend or were not 
represented and did not vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, a Consultation in Writing. 
Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes subject to the limitations 
provided by French law. If a proposal is duly adopted through such a Collective Decision and such 
modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the 
market value of the Notes. 
2.2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes 
may carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such 
as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue 
price. 
(a) 
Notes subject to early redemption 
Early redemption risk 
The Issuer has the option to redeem all of the Senior Notes: 
 
under a call option as provided in Condition 7.2.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify; or 
 
under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7.2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so 
specify; or 
 
under a pre-maturity call option as provided in Condition 7.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so 
specify; or 
 
under a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7.2.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so 
specify. 
The Issuer has also the option to redeem all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes:

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
under an optional redemption as provided in Condition 7.2.1 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms so specify; or 
 
under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7.2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms so specify; or 
 
under a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms 
so specify; or 
 
if an Accounting Event occurs as provided in Condition 7.4 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes and, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms so specify; or 
 
if an Equity Credit Rating Event occurs as provided in Condition 7.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms so specify. 
In the event the Issuer redeems the Notes as provided in Condition 7 and as described above, if the 
market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of 
redemption increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by the Noteholder. An investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In particular, with respect to the clean-up call option, there is no obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes for the Issuer to inform investors and the 
Noteholders if and when the threshold of 25% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes or 
the Clean-Up Percentage of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and 
the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice 
in respect of the exercise of the clean-up call option, the Notes may have been trading significantly 
above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Pursuant to Condition 7.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 7.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, in the event that, by reason of any change in French 
law or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law becoming effective after the 
Issue Date, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by France, or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the 
Subordinated Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, 
it could have a negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns. 
(b) 
Interest rate risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 6.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes allows 
for Fixed Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Renminbi) to be issued. Investment 
in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the relevant

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or 
within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on 
a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite direction. 
If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the yield of the 
Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of 
a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of the bond equals approximately the Market 
Interest Rate.  
The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of 
the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6.2.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.3.1 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Floating Rate Notes 
bear interest at a rate comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case 
may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the 
Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference 
rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, 
particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. Therefore, the amount of interest payable by the Issuer may vary and Noteholders may 
receive no interest. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the 
existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and 
the relevant margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant 
interest amount be less than zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be 
different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively 
impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder 
were to dispose of its Notes. 
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed rate Notes is that interest income 
on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to 
determine a definitive yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return 
on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the 
Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to 
the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income 
paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest rate 
(whether it be automatic or optional) will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes having the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate may be lower at any time than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any 
such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values 
of securities issued at a substantial premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes 
issued at a substantial premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Condition 6.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.7 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow the issue of Notes with a multiplier or other leverage 
factor. Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor can be volatile investments. If they are 
structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of 
those features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. A leverage factor may be applied to certain Notes in order to determine the 
interest amount payable on such Notes. Such leverage factor will magnify any negative performance of 
any applicable underlying reference rate. Any such volatility may negatively impact the price of the 
Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial 
investment. 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
and Conditions 6.2 and 6.3.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and where the 
applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes and/or Resettable Notes specify that the 
Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to Reference Rates or, as the case may 
be, Mid-Swap Rates that constitute "benchmarks" (including the London Interbank Offered Rate 
("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and, with respect to Senior Notes only, 
the Taux de l'Echéance Constante à 10 ans ("TEC 10") and the Constant Maturity Swap rate 
("CMS")), investors should be aware that such benchmarks are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to change their methodology or other terms, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the 
European Union. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Similarly, 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA prohibits the 
use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and Conditions 6.2.3 (Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation) and 6.3.3(d) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes which seek to 
offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material 
impact on the market value and return of any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular if the 
methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal 
with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a 
statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, 
such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued 
under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the 
date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included 
in the Condition 6.2.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes and Conditions 6.2.3 (Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation) and 6.3.3(d) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, a benchmark is replaced by 
another benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying 
market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory 
replacement of such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on 
the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or 
referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform 
differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties 
as to the application of these regulatory provisions as implementing acts must still be adopted. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the 
end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (please refer to the risk factor 
entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes 
linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark 
is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes, 
this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be relying upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
Future disconstinuance of LIBOR and other benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes which 
reference LIBOR

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
and Condition 6.3.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes 
for which the Rate of Interest will be determined by reference to the LIBOR.  
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), which 
regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to 
compel panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 
2021. The announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR in its current form basis is not 
guaranteed after 2021. It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel banks will 
continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR in future. This may cause 
LIBOR to perform differently than it did in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.  
On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that a large number of LIBOR indices (including one-week and 
two-month US dollar LIBOR) will be discontinued after 31 December 2021, and that overnight and 12-
month US dollar LIBOR will be discontinued after 30 June 2023. The FCA also announced that it 
would study the possibility of requiring the publication of one-month, three-month and six-month 
LIBOR after 30 June 2023, based on a "synthetic" methodology (meaning by reference to an authorised 
rate plus or minus a spread), solely for use in certain existing contracts that have no appropriate 
alternatives (which are unlikely to include the Notes).  
Since the end of the transitional period for the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the Union on 
31 December 2020 under the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland from the European Union, LIBOR no longer qualifies as a critical benchmark 
under the Benchmarks Regulation. Accordingly, UK administrators included in the ESMA register of 
administrators and third-country benchmarks qualify as third country administrators and will be deleted 
from the ESMA register. 
However, under Article 51 of Benchmarks Regulation, an index provider may continue to provide an 
existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark, or an existing benchmark that has 
been recognised as a critical benchmark may be used for existing and new financial instruments until 
31 December 2021. The use in the EU by supervised entities of a third-country benchmark is permitted 
for financial instruments, financial contracts and measurements of the performance of an investment 
fund that already reference that benchmark or which add a reference to such benchmarkbefore 31 
December 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. 
Investors should be aware that, if LIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Notes which reference LIBOR will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the LIBOR rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes, this 
may (i) if ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for the LIBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when LIBOR was available. Any of the 
foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes which 
reference LIBOR. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event could have an adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In respect of the Resettable Notes, Condition 6.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event 
occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (both as defined in 
Condition 6.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), determined by an 
Independent Adviser and such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) 
may be adjusted (if required) in order to take account of any adjustement factor to make such rates 
comparable to rates quoted on the basis of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
In respect of the Floating Rate Notes, where Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
Condition 6.2.3(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.3.3(d) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as LIBOR or EURIBOR) 
or other relevant reference rate (such as CMS Rate and TEC 10 with respect to Senior Notes only), 
and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate 
interest on any Floating Rate Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation 
or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes), with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be 
positive, negative or equal to zero, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the 
fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor 
or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of 
the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, including (i) where no Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate, Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, (ii) due to uncertainty relating 
to the availability of a no Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or (iii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
or, if an Independent Adviser is appointed, such Independent Adviser is unable to act, the fallback rules 
may not apply as expected at the relevant time. In such a scenario, alternative fallback rules may be 
applied, resulting in the rate of interest for such Interest Period being based on the rate which applied 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out in the risk factor entitled "Risks related to the 
regulation and reform of "benchmarks" above.  
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
or Resettable Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on 
the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Resettable Notes or the Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have 
discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could 
have unexpected consequences and could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
because the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or A Mid-Swap Benchmark Event (as applicable) could 
result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Resettable Notes. 
(c) 
Risks relating to the use of the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability 
Bonds  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to issue "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds" and apply an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the issue to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects 
from any of the Green Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Green Bonds") or from any of the Social 
Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Social Bonds") or from both the Green Eligible Projects and the 
Social Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Sustainability Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of 
Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as further described in the Issuer's sustainability

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
financing framework (as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Framework") 
which is available on the website of the Issuer (https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=a379c472-
d1d5-4bcc-ab11-e4ecb7f0d665&srchEv=true&srchQy=vigeo&srchTp=all&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-
8064-97664864ca76). 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be 
defined as, a "green", "social", "sustainable" or equivalently labelled project is still under development. 
On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the "Taxonomy 
Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or 
"taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. A first delegated act establishing 
the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity 
qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for 
determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other 
environmental was published on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021. 
As a result, there is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social", "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project, 
and any project included in the Framework may not meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or any 
adverse environmental and/or other impacts may occur during the implementation of any project 
included in the Framework. 
The use of the proceeds for any projects included in the Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible 
Projects may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.  
The second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris (the "Second Party Opinion") or any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Eligible Projects and/or any 
Social Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria may not 
be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to 
trading may not be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, any such listing or admission 
to trading may not be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social 
Eligible Projects may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and, accordingly, such proceeds may not be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects, and such projects may not be completed within any specified period or at 
all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default 
under the Notes.  
Any such event may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended to finance such projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose and, consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The Dealers and the Arrangers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the 
eligibility criteria, any verification of whether such Notes meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring 
of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to Issuer's website or any third-party opinion. 
(d) 
Additional risks relating to the Senior Notes 
Risks related to a partial redemption of the Senior Notes 
If, in the case of any particular Tranche of Senior Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that a Put 
Option is applicable (as more fully described in Condition 7.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes), each Noteholder will have the right to request the Issuer to redeem all or part of its 
Senior Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest thereon. In such 
case, any trading market in respect of those Senior Notes in respect of which such option is not 
exercised may become illiquid. In addition, investors may only be able to reinvest the moneys they 
receive upon such early redemption in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer has the option to partially exercise the Call Option (provided in Condition 7.2.1 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes) and the Make-Whole Redemption option (provided 
in Condition 7.2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes) with respect to a Series of Senior 
Notes. If the Issuer decides to redeem the Senior Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed. Depending on the proportion of principal amount of all of the Senior Notes so 
reduced, any trading market in respect of these Senior Notes may become illiquid, which, depending on 
the extent of the illiquidity, may have a negative impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to 
dispose of their Senior Notes. In such circumstances, the market value of the Senior Notes in respect of 
which such option is not exercised may be negatively affected and Noteholders may lose part of their 
investment. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be 
issued. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially 
below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than 
other notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes 
are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market 
conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments 
than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Condition 6.2.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes allows for Inflation Linked Notes to 
be issued. Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined 
redemption amounts and/or interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest 
will be dependent upon the performance of an inflation index, which will be either (i) the consumer 
price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI") as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE"), or 
(ii) the harmonized index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and 
published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP"), or (iii) the United States non-seasonally adjusted 
consumer price index for all urban consumers (the "US CPI") as reported monthly by the Bureau of 
Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor (the "BLS") and published by Bloomberg page 
"CPURNSA" or any successor source (each an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation 
Indices").  
If the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the 
value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Inflation Linked Notes or at the time of 
purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of 
Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Potential investors in Inflation Linked Notes should be aware that (i)

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
they may receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest and (ii) they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment.  
Renminbi-denominated Notes 
Senior Notes denominated in RMB ("RMB Notes") may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors, including the following:  
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and 
outside the PRC ; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may 
affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to 
service RMB Notes. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at the present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC 
Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies. 
Although the People’s Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi and to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalize 
control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, the schemes for Renminbi cross-border 
utilisation may be discontinued or new PRC regulations may be promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. Despite the 
efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC Government may impose interim or 
long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. 
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its 
obligations under the RMB Notes may be adversely affected. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited.  
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to 
constraints imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC laws and regulations 
may be promulgated or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial 
institutions in respect of limited clearing of Renminbi outside of the PRC will not be terminated or 
amended in the future, each of which may have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of its RMB 
Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service its RMB 
Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the 
Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the 
RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency 
back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
(e) 
Additional risks relating to the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer 
Pursuant to Condition 4.1 (Deeply Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and deeply (i.e. junior ranking) subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier rang) 
of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present 
and future Parity Securities of the Issuer (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes), but shall be subordinated to present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer and to 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) 
and to Unsubordinated Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) 
of, or issued by, the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes shall rank in priority to any Junior Securities. As of 
31 December 2020, the Group current and non-current financial liabilities (excluding derivatives) 
included in the calculation of net financial debt (telecom activities) represented €35,260 millions and

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
was unsecured, ranking senior to the Notes. As of 30 June 2020, the Issuer’s perpetual subordinated 
bonds carried in equity amounted to €5,497 millions, ranking pari passu with the Notes. 
Condition 3.2 (Payment on the Notes upon a liquidation proceeding of the Issuer) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provides that in the event of any judgment rendered by any 
competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of 
a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to the 
opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary 
dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (in all cases listed above, 
other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the 
context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes), the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Subordinated Notes will be 
subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of 
Unsubordinated Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes)), of 
the ordinary subordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations), of lenders in relation to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, if and to the extent that 
there is still cash available for those payments. The claims of the Noteholders under the Subordinated 
Notes are intended to be senior only to claims of any shareholders. 
Thus, the Noteholders face a significantly higher performance risk than holders of unsubordinated and 
ordinary subordinated obligations of the Issuer which could result in (i) a loss of all or a part of a 
Noteholder’s investment in the event of a liquidation and (ii) more volatility in the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes as compared to senior obligations issued by the Issuer. In the event of liquidation 
of the Issuer, the Subordinated Notes shall rank in priority only to any payment to holders of Junior 
Securities. In the event of incomplete payment of creditors ranking senior to the Noteholders, the 
obligations of the Issuer and the relative interest will be terminated which could result in a loss of all or 
a part of a Noteholder’s investment. 
No limitation on issuing or guaranteeing debt ranking senior to, or pari passu with the Subordinated 
Notes 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provides that 
there will be no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes, as a result there is no restriction in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes on the amount of debt which the Issuer may issue 
or guarantee. The Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates may incur additional indebtedness or grant 
guarantees in respect of indebtedness of third parties, including indebtedness or guarantees that rank 
pari passu with, or senior to, the Subordinated Notes. An increase of the outstanding amount of such 
securities or other liabilities may if such outstanding amount were to exceed the assets of the Issuer 
materially reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up of the Issuer and 
Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment if the Issuer were liquidated (whether 
voluntarily or not). If the amount of interests due under such securities or other liabilities increases it 
significantly increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes 
and as a result Noteholders could suffer a significant reduction in the return of the Subordinated Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contain a prohibition of set-off 
In accordance with Condition 4.3 (Prohibition of set-off) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder will be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation or retention, subject to applicable law. As a result, a Noteholder which is 
also a debtor of the Issuer cannot set-off its payment obligation against any sum due to it by the Issuer 
under the Subordinated Notes. This prohibition of set-off could therefore have an adverse impact on the 
counterparty risk for a Noteholder in the event that the Issuer were to become insolvent. 
The Subordinated Notes may be undated securities 
Pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Final Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Subordinated Notes may be undated securities, with no specified maturity date. Subject to any early 
redemption described in this Prospectus, the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem or repurchase the

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
undated Subordinated Notes at any time and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption of 
such Subordinated Notes, except if a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or, following an order of redressement judiciaire, the sale of the whole of the 
business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all the cases above, other than pursuant 
to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganization outside the context of an 
insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes). 
Therefore, Noteholders may bear a material financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes 
for an indefinite period and may not recover their investment in a foreseeable future. The Noteholders 
would only be able to realise value from the Subordinated Notes prior to an early redemption by selling 
their Subordinated Notes at their then market value in an available secondary market. In the absence of a 
secondary market for the Subordinated Notes, Noteholders may therefore not recover all or part of their 
investment in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes may not 
be repaid and Noteholders may lose the value of their capital investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Resettable Notes 
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allows for Resettable Notes to be 
issued. In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will 
be reset by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on 
the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in Condition 
6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may significantly affect the 
secondary market for and the market value of such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the 
rate of interest applicable to the Resettable Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant Resettable Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. A Noteholder of 
Resettable Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income 
and may be significantly impacted by such fluctuations. 
Deferral of interest payment 
In accordance with Condition 6.10.1 (Optional Interest Payments) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes and if Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, on any Interest Payment Date, interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes accrued to that date 
may be paid by the Issuer (if the Issuer so elects), in whole or in part, but the Issuer shall not have any 
obligation to make such payment. Any such failure to pay on an Interest Payment Date shall not 
constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose. Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes not 
paid on an Interest Payment Date will, so long as the same remains outstanding, be deferred and shall 
constitute Arrears of Interest and shall be payable as provided in Condition 6.10.2 (Arrears of Interest) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any deferral of interest payments or the perception that the Issuer will exercise its optional deferral 
right would have a significant adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In 
addition, as a result of the interest deferral provisions, the market price of the Subordinated Notes may 
be more volatile than the market prices of other interest bearing debt securities that are not subject to 
such interest deferral provisions. 
As a result, the market value of the Subordinated Notes may be more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in the Issuer's financial condition and investors may receive less interest than initially 
anticipated or at a later date than initially anticipated. As a result, the market value of the Subordinated 
Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be materially and negatively affected. 
The Subordinated Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Subordinated Notes may appear, in trading 
systems with accrued interest. Purchasers of Subordinated Notes in the secondary market may pay a 
price which reflects such accrued interest on purchase of the Subordinated Notes. If one or several 
interest payments are deferred, a purchaser of Subordinated Notes in the secondary market may not be

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
entitled to the accrued interest (or part thereof) reflected in the purchase price of the Subordinated 
Notes, which would cause the relevant Noteholders to lose all or part of the value of their investment in 
the Subordinated Notes. 
There are no events of default or cross default under the Subordinated Notes 
Compared to other debt securities (and in particular the Senior Notes), the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default or cross default allowing acceleration of the 
Subordinated Notes if certain events occur (as provided in Condition 10 (Enforcement Events, No 
Events of Default and No Cross Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes). 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Subordinated Notes, including the 
payment of any interest, investors will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment 
default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any 
payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of 
any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it, therefore, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. As a result, the 
market value of the Subordinated Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively 
affected. 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Subordinated Notes in the case of a Withholding Tax Event 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations are legal or enforceable under French law. If 
gross-up obligations under the Subordinated Notes are held to be illegal or unenforceable under French 
law, the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Withholding Tax Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), 
Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due, and the market value of the Subordinated Notes 
will be adversely affected. 
Changes in rating methodologies or their application may lead to the early redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes 
Credit ratings may be assigned to the Subordinated Notes. Each of the Rating Agencies may change its 
methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes in the future. This 
may include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and/or ratings 
assigned to an issuer on a standalone basis (which reflect the Issuer’s credit profile without factoring in 
any potential support from the State) and ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the 
Subordinated Notes, sometimes called “notching.” If the rating agencies were to change their practices 
for rating such securities in the future and the ratings of the Subordinated Notes were to be subsequently 
lowered, this may have a negative impact on the trading price of the Subordinated Notes. 
If Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
an amendment, clarification or change in the “equity credit” criteria of any Rating Agency (or the 
application or interpretation thereof), results in (i) all or any of the Subordinated Notes being assigned a 
level of “equity credit” that is lower than the level or equivalent level of “equity credit” (or if the 
Subordinated Notes have been partially or fully refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer 
eligible for “equity credit” from such Rating Agency in part or in full as a result, all or any of the 
Subordinated Notes that would be assigned a level of “equity credit” that is lower than the level or 
equivalent level of “equity credit” as a result of such amendment, clarification or change in the “equity 
credit” criteria (or the application thereof) had they not been refinanced) assigned to the Subordinated 
Notes by such Rating Agency on the Issue Date, or if such equity credit was not assigned on the Issue 
Date, at the date when the equity credit was assigned for the first time, or (ii) the period of time during 
which such Rating Agency assigned to the Subordinated Notes a particular level of "equity credit" 
being shortened as compared to the period of time for which such Rating Agency did assign to the 
Subordinated Notes that level of "equity credit" on the Issue Date, or if such “equity credit” was not 
assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the “equity credit” was assigned for the first time, the 
Issuer may redeem all of the Subordinated Notes (but not some only), as provided in Condition 7.5 
(Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes. The redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer will

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
exercise its optional redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the Subordinated 
Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value 
of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. Should the Subordinated Notes at such time be trading above or well above the price set for 
redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes 
as equity instruments may change, which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event 
In June 2018, the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on "Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity" (the DP/2018/1 Paper). The 
IASB Board decided to move the project to its standard-setting programme at the December 2020 
Board meeting. The next milestone is to produce an exposure draft. While the final timing and outcome 
are uncertain, if the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar proposals that may be 
made in the future are implemented in their current form, the current IFRS accounting classification of 
financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes as equity instruments may change and this may 
result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event. In such an event and if Redemption following an 
Accounting Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option to redeem 
all the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) on any day from the Accounting Event Adoption Date, 
which could arise on a date earlier than the actual implementation of the relevant change in accounting 
principles or methodology (all as defined in Condition 7.4 (Redemption following an Accounting Event) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes). The implementation of any of the proposals 
set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such proposals that may be made in the future, 
including the extent and timing of any such implementation, if at all, is uncertain. Accordingly, the 
future classification of the Subordinated Notes may vary from an accounting perspective and such 
change may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event, thereby providing the Issuer with the 
option to redeem the Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes. The redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer will 
exercise its optional redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the Subordinated 
Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market 
value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. Should the Subordinated Notes at such time be trading above or well above the price set 
for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
2.3 
Risks related to the trading market of the Notes 
Market value of the Notes 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant stock exchange where the 
Notes will be admitted to trading. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued 
hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock 
exchanges. Therefore, the market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ (stable 
outlook) by S&P, Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch and (ii) for its 
short-term debt A2 by S&P, (ii) P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch) and a number of additional factors, 
including, but not limited to, the volatility of such index, or market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the Maturity Date. If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to 
fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, and factors affecting capital markets in general and the stock 
exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes 
prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase 
price paid by such Noteholder and accordingly such Noteholder may suffer a significant financial loss.  
No active secondary/trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already 
issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although particular series of Notes may 
specify that they are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated 
Market in the EEA (it being specified that the admission to trading on a Regulated Market other than 
Euronext Paris would require the passporting of the Base Prospectus in the jurisdiction of such 
Regulated Market), such admission to trading may not occur, any particular Tranche of Notes may not 
be so listed and/or admitted or an active trading market may not develop. Therefore, investors may not 
be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise 
their anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, 
Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate and currency risk 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the investor’s currency may impose or modify exchange controls. The degree to which 
such exchange rates between the Specified Currency and the Investor’s Currency may vary is uncertain 
and presents a highly significant risk to the value and return of the Notes as measured in the Investor’s 
Currency. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the 
future impose, exchange controls that could affect exchange rates, as well as the availability of 
specified currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in 
respect of such Note. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective 
of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the cross 
reference table below which are incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus and 
which are included in the following documents: 
 
the French language Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the financial year 2020 
(the "2020 Universal Registration Document") which was filed with the AMF on 17 March 2021 
under registration number D.21-0137; 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.orange.com/sites/orangecom/files/documents/2021-
04/Document%20d%27enregistrement%20universel%202020.pdf 
 
the French language Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the financial year 2019 
(the "2019 Universal Registration Document") which was filed with the AMF on 20 April 2020 
under registration number D.20-0319; 
Hyperlink: https://www.orange.com/sirius/derniers_resultats/fr/ORANGE_DEU_2019_VF.pdf  
 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 
June 2020 which received approval no. 20-0295 on 30 June 2020 from the AMF (the "2020 Terms and 
Conditions"),  
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#lang=fr&om=1c48aea5-c17c-4c02-9351-
cfa205cd8ebc&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76  
 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 
June 2019 which received approval no. 19-0299 on 26 June 2019 from the AMF (the "2019 Terms and 
Conditions"),  
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=73ee4f76-aeb5-4d57-bea5-
aff940b1ada4&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76 
 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 
June 2018 which received approval no. 18-0263 on 26 June 2018 from the AMF (the "2018 Terms and 
Conditions"),  
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#lang=fr&om=82f8003f-67c5-43c3-8a3e-
cc96c88c6a28&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76   
 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 
June 2017 which received approval no. 17-0304 on 28 June 2017 from the AMF (the "2017 Terms and 
Conditions") and  
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#lang=fr&om=63c5ef5c-bb84-4b2a-bacf-
403864d2b385&v=424527ee-c119-409f-865b-62f448cd93d6  
 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 
June 2016 which received approval no. 16-0281 on 29 June 2016 from the AMF (the "2016 Terms and 
Conditions" and, together with the 2017 Terms and Conditions, the 2018 Terms and Conditions, the 
2019 Terms and Conditions and the 2020 Terms and Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions"); 
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=ca2b0b36-affc-4f2d-a506-
1232f0025923&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76 
Any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, be part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The 2019 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document are available for 
viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.orange.com). 
Free English translations of 2019 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document are also available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (www.orange.com). These documents are 
free translations of the corresponding French language documents and are furnished for information purposes 
only and are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  The only binding versions are the French 
language versions. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on 
the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the 
websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of 
doubt, non-incorporated parts of the documents listed above are either non-relevant for the investors or covered 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Cross-reference table 
 
Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019 as amended - Registration document for wholesale 
non-equity securities 
2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a 
section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
 
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of 
the issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on 
a regulated market, taking into account the negative impact on 
the issuer and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set 
out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content 
of the registration document. 
- 
56-62 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
- 
4 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier (“LEI”). 
- 
4 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite. 
- 
4 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under 
which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal 
place of business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the prospectus. 
- 
4 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency. 
- 
123, 243 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to the issuer at the request or with the 
- 
117, 221- 222, 267

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
cooperation of the issuer in the rating process. 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 
Principal activities  
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating 
the main categories of products sold and/or services 
performed. 
- 
22-34 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
- 
22-34 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 
 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group 
and the issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the 
form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify the structure.  
- 
4-5, 243-244 
7. 
TREND INFORMATION 
 
 
A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects of the issuer 
since the date of its last published audited financial statements; 
and 
(b) any significant change in the financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published to the date of the 
registration document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer should 
include (an) appropriate negative statement(s). 
 
- 
 
 
- 
 
 
 
123 
 
 
123 
 
 
8. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
 
8.1 
Where an issuer includes on a voluntary basis a profit forecast 
or a profit estimate, that profit forecast or estimate shall be 
clear and unambiguous and contain a statement setting out the 
principal assumptions upon which the issuer has based its 
forecast or estimate. 
The forecast or estimate shall comply with the following 
principles: 
(a) there must be a clear distinction between assumptions 
about factors which the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies can influence and 
assumptions about factors which are exclusively outside the 
influence of the members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; 
(b) 
the 
assumptions 
must 
be 
reasonable, 
readily 
understandable by investors, specific and precise and not relate 
to the general accuracy of the estimates underlying the 
forecast. 
(c) in the case of a forecast, the assumptions shall draw the 
investor’s attention to those uncertain factors which could 
materially change the outcome of the forecast. 
 
 
 
- 
 
 
 
6-11, 22-34, 123 
8.2 
The prospectus shall include a statement that the profit forecast 
or estimate has been compiled and prepared on a basis which 
is both: 
(a) comparable with the historical financial information; 
(b) consistent with the issuer’s accounting policies. 
 
 
- 
 
 
123

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of 
the following persons and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of that issuer where these 
are significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies; 
 
- 
 
334-346 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts 
of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, 
of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests 
and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must be 
made. 
 
 
- 
 
 
347 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and describe the measures 
in place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
 
- 
 
375-376 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change 
in control of the issuer. 
- 
376 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as 
the issuer has been in operation and the audit report in respect 
of each year 
134-285, 288-297 
124-290 
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information is prepared according 
to national accounting standards, the financial information 
must include at least the following: 
 
 
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
255-288 
247-278 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements If the issuer prepares both 
stand-alone and consolidated financial statements, include at 
least the consolidated financial statements in the registration 
document. 
134-285 
124-245 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date of 
the registration document 
 
136-137, 257 
 
 
128-129, 248 
 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with 
the Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
 
288-297 
 
281-290 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial information 
have been refused by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or 
an emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in full. 
288 
281

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a 
period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
Issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
 
 
- 
 
 
241-243, 271-272 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered 
into in the ordinary course of the issuer’s business, which 
could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
 
- 
 
161-163, 220 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 June 2020 which received approval no. 20-0295 on 30 June 2020 from the 
AMF (the "2020 Base Prospectus"), the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 June 2019 which received 
approval no. 19-0299 on 26 June 2019 from the AMF (the "2019 Base Prospectus"), the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 26 June 2018 which received approval no. 18-0263 on 26 June 2018 from the AMF (the "2018 
Base Prospectus"), the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 June 2017 which received approval no. 17-0304 
on 28 June 2017 from the AMF (the "2017 Base Prospectus") and the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 
June 2016 which received approval no. 16-0281 on 29 June 2016 from the AMF (the "2016 Base Prospectus" 
and, together with the 2017 Base Prospectus, the 2018 Base Prospectus, the 2019 Base Prospectus and the 2020 
Base Prospectus, the "Previous Base Prospectuses"). 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2020 
Pages 30 to 75 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2019 
Pages 75 to 119 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2018 
Pages 69 to 109 
Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2017 
Pages 69 to 109 
Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2016 
Pages 69 to 109 
 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the Previous Base Prospectuses are not relevant for the investors.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/979 as amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare 
and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue 
of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 30 June 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and the Issuer (www.orange.com) and (b) available for inspection, upon request and free of charge, 
during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes.  
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member 
State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on 
definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Senior 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 30 June 2021 
between Orange (the "Issuer") and Société Générale as fiscal agent and as paying agent and the other agents 
named in it (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement"). The functions of 
Aether Financial Services as make-whole calculation agent have been agreed by separate agreement between the 
Issuer and Aether Financial Services. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the 
consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) and the make-whole calculation agent for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the "Calculation Agent(s)" and 
the "Make-Whole Calculation Agent". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
1. 
Definitions and interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires: 
"Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, 
to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
"Amortisation Yield" means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) used to calculate the 
Amortised Nominal Amount of a Zero Coupon Note, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
7.5.1. 
"Amortised Nominal Amount" means the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note, which shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.5.1, the 
Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10. 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may 
be. 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal 
Financial Centre for such currency and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any). 
"Call Option" means any option of the Issuer as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in 
accordance with Condition 7.2.1. 
"Code" means the French code monétaire et financier. 
"Coupon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.2. 
"Credit Institution" means credit institution as defined in point (1) of Article 4(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013, as amended. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose 
denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF 
shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days 
elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose 
numerator is the number of actual calendar days elapsed during the leap year and whose 
denominator is 366. 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during 
such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period). 
(d) 
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year,

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360. 
if "30/360" or "360/360 (Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
     360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
     360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
(f) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
calendar day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Definitive Materialised Bearer Note" has the meaning given in Condition 2.3.2. 
"Dematerialised Note", "Dematerialised Bearer Note", "Dematerialised Registered Note", 
"Dematerialised Administered Registered Note" and "Dematerialised Fully Registered Note" have 
the respective meanings given in Condition 2.1. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of 
such Note pursuant to Condition 7.2.3, Condition 7.2.4, Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9, or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, which shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 7.5. 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given in Condition 10.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Exercise Notice" has the meaning given in Condition 7.3. 
"FBF" means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) 
published from time to time by the FBF, as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FBF Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.2.3. 
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of any Note means the amount to be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date in relation to such Note, which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.1. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to a Series or Tranche of Notes, the final terms of that Series or 
Tranche of Notes. 
"Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case 
may be. 
"Fixed Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a fixed rate. 
"Floating Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a variable rate. 
"General Meeting" has the meaning given in Condition 12.4. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation).  
"Indebtedness" means (i) any Notes issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the 
Issuer described herein or (ii) any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds (obligations), notes or other securities (including titres de créances négociables) 
which are, for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily traded on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter market or other securities market (but excluding present or future 
indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of such other securities issued by the Issuer or Principal 
Subsidiary in private placements that the Issuer or such Principal Subsidiary has required in writing not 
to be so quoted, listed or ordinarily traded). 
"Inflation Linked Note" means any Note, interest on which is to be calculated by reference to (i) the 
consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI"), as 
calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques 
("INSEE"), (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor 
index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") or (iii) the United States non-seasonally

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
adjusted consumer price index for all urban consumers (the "US CPI") as reported monthly by the 
Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor (the "BLS") and published by Bloomberg 
page "CPURNSA" or any successor source (each an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation 
Indices"). 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period or the 
interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.2.3. 
"Issue Date" in respect of any Notes means the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Margin" means the percentage per annum indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case 
may be. 
"Masse" has the meaning given in Condition 12. 
"Materialised Note" and "Materialised Bearer Note" have the meanings given in Condition 2.1. 
"Materialised Note Agent" means any agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Series of 
Materialised Notes pursuant to Condition 2.1.2. 
"Maturity Date" in respect of a Note means the date on which such Note shall be fully redeemed. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" and "Minimum Rate of Interest" have the respective meanings given 
in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.2.1 or Condition 7.3, as the case may be.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" and "Option Exercise Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Orange Bank" means a French société anonyme incorporated in France, having its registered office at 
67 rue Robespierre, 93100 Montreuil, France, registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of 
Bobigny (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés de Bobigny) under number 572 043 800 duly licensed 
as of the date of this Agreement as a credit institution in France. 
"Payment Business Day" means a day: 
(a) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or in the 
case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, and on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant Financial Centre(s) (if any) and 
(b) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in such currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
country of such currency, or in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Settlement 
Day. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the principal financial centre of 
the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, the Euro-zone.  
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary (except for any Credit Institution 
being or becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer (including Orange Bank as long as Orange Bank is 
licensed as a Credit Institution), if any, which shall not be considered in any case as a Principal 
Subsidiary) of the Issuer: 
(a) 
(i) whose total assets (excluding equity holdings at their book value) or operating income 
before depreciation and amortisation, impairments, restructuring costs, share of profit and 
losses of associates, gains and losses on disposals (or, where the Subsidiary in question 
prepares consolidated accounts whose total consolidated assets (excluding equity holdings at 
their book value) or consolidated operating income before depreciation and amortisation, 
impairments, restructuring costs, share of profit and losses of associates, gains and losses on 
disposals, as the case may be) attributable to the Issuer represent not less than 15 % of the 
total consolidated assets (excluding equity holdings at their book value) or the consolidated 
operating income before depreciation and amortisation, impairments, restructuring costs, share 
of profit and losses of associates, gains and losses on disposals of the Issuer, all as calculated 
by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) 
of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries, and (ii) whose management and control is exercised by the Issuer; 
or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which 
immediately prior to such transfer was a Principal Subsidiary. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China. 
"Put Option" means any option of the Noteholders as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in 
accordance with Condition 7.3. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes, 
which are specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate Multiplier" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Redenomination Date" has the meaning given in Condition 2.4.1.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Reference Banks" means the banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or in the event that 
no such banks are specified in the relevant Final Terms or that the Calculation Agent determines that 
any bank so specified is not providing offered quotations of the Reference Rate, the principal London 
office of any major bank selected by the Calculation Agent in the London inter-bank market, in the 
case of a determination of LIBOR, or the principal Euro-zone office of any major bank selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR. 
"Reference Rate" means the LIBOR, the EURIBOR, the TEC 10 or the CMS rate specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or any successor or replacement rate as provided in Condition 6.2.3(d).  
"Registration Agent" means any person or entity designated in the Final Terms of a Series of 
Dematerialised Registered Notes to act as agent on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of opening and 
maintaining accounts for the holders of Notes of such Series. 
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the EEA, as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended.  
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of such 
Note or Coupon first becomes due or, if any amount of money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused, the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or in the case of 
Materialised Notes, if earlier, the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given 
to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance 
with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international reputation active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
"Representative" has the meaning given in Condition 12. 
"RMB Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and in New York City. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
"RMB Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate for 
the purchase of US dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at 
or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate 
Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement on 
the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters 
Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate. 
"Series" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in Condition 2.2. 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to a company (the "Parent Company") at any time, any other 
company in which the Parent Company holds more than 50 per cent. of the share capital (as provided in 
Article L.233-1 of the Code de Commerce) or any other company which is controlled directly or 
indirectly by the Parent Company within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the Code de Commerce. 
"Talon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.2. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating. 
"TARGET 2 System" means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform or any successor thereto.  
"Tranche" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5. 
"US Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent. 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note the interest basis of which is specified to be "Zero Coupon" in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
1.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions, unless a contrary indication appears: 
1.2.1 
the terms "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" and "Noteholder" refer to (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; 
(ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the 
Coupons or Talon relating thereto; and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a 
Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing 
institution) who appears as a holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in 
such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules 
and procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, Euroclear France, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate. 
1.2.2 
the term "Couponholder" refers to the bearer of any Coupon. 
1.2.3 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than 
(a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on 
such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly 
paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Administered Registered 
Notes, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8.1, 
(ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to the account of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 8.1 and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agents as 
provided in Conditions 8.2 and 8.3 and remain available for payment against presentation and 
surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been 
purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, and (e) in the case of Materialised Notes 
(i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such 
Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in 
respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
1.2.4 
references to (i) "principal" include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised 
Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7, 
(ii) "interest" include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 6 and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" 
include any additional amounts payable under Condition 9. 
1.2.5 
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France acting as central depositary. 
1.2.6 
a "unit" or "sub-unit" of a currency means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
2. 
Form, denomination(s), title, redenomination and method of issue 
2.1 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form ("Materialised Notes"). 
2.1.1 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in either bearer form (au porteur) ("Dematerialised Bearer Notes"), in which case 
they are inscribed in an account maintained by an Account Holder having itself an account in the 
books of Euroclear France, or in registered form (au nominatif) ("Dematerialised Registered 
Notes") and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) ("Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes"), in which case they are 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent, or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) ("Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes"), in 
which case the Notes are inscribed both in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent and an account maintained by an Account Holder.  
2.1.2 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). Materialised Bearer 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") and, where appropriate, 
a talon (the "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Any issue of Materialised Notes requires the appointment by the 
Issuer of a Materialised Note Agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) which will perform the 
functions otherwise attributed, in these Conditions, to the Fiscal Agent and/or Paying Agents. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the Code, securities (such as Notes) 
which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French 
territory. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in 
accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-2 of the Code de commerce, request at any time from 
the central depositary identification information of Noteholders of Notes in dematerialised form (au 
porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and 
mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such Noteholders.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
2.2 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in each such currency at the issue date (the "Specified Denomination(s)") subject to 
compliance with the regulations of the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one 
Specified Denomination only. 
2.3 
Title: 
2.3.1 
Title to Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Registered Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent. 
2.3.2 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
2.3.3 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, 
any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
2.4 
Redenomination: 
2.4.1 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar day's 
notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European Member 
State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member 
State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union, or events have 
occurred which have substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the 
Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on 
which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the 
"Redenomination Date". 
2.4.2 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 2.4.1 shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 
0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so 
determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). 
Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to 
Noteholders by the Issuer. 
2.4.3 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
2.4.4 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon but taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations, make any 
changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change 
to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre 
designation, interest accrual basis or Reference Rate specification) which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be 
notified to them in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
2.4.5 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon 
or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2.5 
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. 
Conversion and exchanges of Notes 
3.1 
Dematerialised Notes: 
3.1.1 
Dematerialised Bearer Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Registered Notes, whether 
in fully registered form or in administered registered form. 
3.1.2 
Dematerialised Registered Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Bearer Notes. 
3.1.3 
Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into 
Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by 
the relevant Noteholder shall be made in accordance with article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3.2 
Materialised Notes: Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 5) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
shall rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and subject to such exceptions as 
are from time to time mandatory under French law, equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
5. 
Negative pledge 
The Issuer undertakes that so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding it will not, and shall ensure 
that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, 
lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (each a "Security Interest") upon the whole or 
any part of its/their respective assets or revenues of whatever nature present or future, to secure any 
Indebtedness, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Indebtedness, unless at the same time 
or prior thereto the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and Coupons are secured equally and rateably 
therewith or benefit from a Security Interest or guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms 
thereto to the extent permitted by French or other applicable law or regulation. 
6. 
Interest and other calculations 
6.1 
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB): 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.2 
Floating Rate Notes: 
6.2.1 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms. The Interest Payment Date(s) shall be defined in the 
relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date 
is so defined, shall consist of each date which falls the number of months or other period defined as 
the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
6.2.2 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which case (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
6.2.3 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent for a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of 
that Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) 
and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent for a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified hereon as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (i)(A) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
or, if sub-paragraph (i)(B) applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(iii) 
if paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case 
may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(iv) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
TEC 10, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be, subject as 
provided below, the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the EUR-TEC10-CNO 1 , calculated by the Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire ("CNO"), which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, being the caption "TEC10" on the Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page 
or any successor page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on Reuters 
Screen CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page in respect of EUR-TEC10-
CNO, it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the 
mid-market prices for each of the two reference OAT (Obligation 
Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been used by the Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire for the calculation of the relevant rate, quoted in 
each case by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 
a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
                                                 
1 
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the 
CNO.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to 
provide a quotation of its price. 
EUR-TEC10-CNO will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of 
such prices as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the 
highest and lowest of such quotations. The above mentioned redemption 
yield shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula that would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire for the determination of the relevant rate. 
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 
1996, is the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 
0.005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French 
Treasury Bond (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, "OAT") corresponding to 
the linear interpolation between the yield to maturity of the two actual OATs 
(the "Reference OATs") whose periods to maturity are closest in duration to 
the notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's duration being of less than 
10 years and the other Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years. 
(v) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be, subject as 
provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least 
three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations, as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice. 
With: 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed 
as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, 
the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of 
five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City 
office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, 
or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal relevant

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
Relevant Swap Rate means:  
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit 
in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the 
relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as 
determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
Designated Maturity, Margin, Specified Time, Relevant Currency and 
Relevant Screen Page shall have the meaning given to those terms in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and 
Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 6.2.3. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 6.2.3(d)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3(d) shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and 
(in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3(d). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that:

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.2.3(d)); or  
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 6.2.3(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d) and the Independent Adviser 
determines (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (B) the relevant terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
6.2.3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
6.2.3(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notice), 
the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6.2.3(d). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in 
the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2.3(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 6.2.3(c) will continue to apply unless and until the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original Reference 
Rate Specified in Condition 6.2.3(c) will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, 
lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any 
time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2.3(d), 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6.2.3(d): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or equal to zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines in accordance with 
customary market usage in the international debt capital market for such 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and which is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce 
or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified 
date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (d)(i);  
e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or 
g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant 
to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 
2016, as amended or supplemented. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 6.2.3(d)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those 
successor or replacement rates, those of which is the most appropriate, 
taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
6.2.4 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
(a) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI). 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(a) shall apply. Terms defined 
herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 6.2.4(a) shall 
apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the 
"CPI Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation 
Index Ratio. For the purpose of this Condition 6.2.4(a), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms the "Base Reference"). 
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.3, the IIR will be rounded if necessary to 
five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first 
calendar day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the 
third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) 
(other than the first calendar day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to 
the third month preceding such month (M – 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M – 2) calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 3 + D – 1
NDM
× (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 2 − CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 3) 
With: 
"NDM:" number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M – 2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M – 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.3, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears 
on the Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on 
Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In 
case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the 
procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations 
assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer price 
index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as 
calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(ii) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation 
issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled 
"Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres instruments de taux 
d'intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: 
Les obligations indexées sur l'inflation). In the event of any conflict between 
the calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided 
by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the 
calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio. 
(iii) 
 
(A) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index") shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x)  
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference 
Index. 
Such 
provisional 
CPI 
Monthly 
Reference Index would be published under the heading 
"indice de substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply 
from the calendar day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date. 
(y)  
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as set 
out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1 ×
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
1
12
 
(B) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key =
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index New Basis
Date D
= CPI Monthly Reference Index Previous Basis
Date D
× Key 
(b) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP)  
(I) 
OPTION 1 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP - OPTION 1") is specified as the 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(b)(I) shall apply. Terms 
defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 
6.2.4(b)(I) shall apply.

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the 
"HICP Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation 
Index Ratio 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2.4(b)(I), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or 
"IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as 
the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Base Reference"). 
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.3, the IIR will be rounded if necessary to 
five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first 
calendar day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the 
third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) 
(other than the first calendar day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively 
to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 3 + D – 1
NDM
× (HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 2 − HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 3) 
With: 
"NDM": number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M – 2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M – 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.3, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the 
website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index of 
consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as 
provided herein. 
(ii) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(iii) 
 
(A) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has 
already been published by Eurostat, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply 
from the calendar day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as set 
out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1 ×
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
1
12
 
(B) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which 
have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the 
basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the last 
year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such 
chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following 
equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining to December calculated on the new basis
HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index New Basis
Date D
= HICP Monthly Reference Index Previous Basis
Date D
× Key 
(II) 
OPTION 2 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP - OPTION 2") is specified as the 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(b)(II) shall apply. Terms 
defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 
6.2.4(b)(II) shall apply. 
(i) 
Calculation of Rate of Interest

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The Rate of Interest applicable in respect of each Interest Period will be a 
rate, expressed as a percentage (rounded, if applicable, to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
   
 
 
3.00% x Inflation Index Ratio 
where, 
"Base Daily Inflation Reference" means the Daily Inflation Reference as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 04 June 2008 (being 
108.524); 
"Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating; 
"Daily Inflation Reference" means, in respect of any date, the value of the 
Index for such date as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Index Determination Date in accordance with the provisions for the 
calculation of the Daily Inflation Reference as set out in paragraph 3 below 
and appearing on Reuters page "OATEI01" or on Bloomberg page "TRES3" 
or such replacement page as selected by the Calculation Agent; 
"Eurostat" means the statistical office of the European Communities in 
Luxembourg; 
"Index" means, subject to the provisions of paragraph 4 below, the 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) excluding tobacco, for the 
Euro zone as calculated by Eurostat; 
"Index Determination Date" means, in respect of any date for which the 
Daily Inflation Reference is required to be determined, the fifth Business 
Day prior to such date; 
"Inflation Index Ratio" means the ratio between (i) the Daily Inflation 
Reference in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or 
Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, and (ii) the Base Daily Inflation 
Reference. The Inflation Index Ratio will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the fifth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest on overdue amounts in respect of the 
Notes (after the Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the relevant Early 
Redemption Date) shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to a rate per annum 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis, mutatis mutandis, of the 
provisions of this paragraph 2 and Condition 6.5 except that, for such 
purposes, the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be the 
fifth Business Day prior to the Relevant Date. 
(ii) 
Calculation of Daily Inflation Reference 
The Daily Inflation Reference ("Id") for day d of month m is the linear 
interpolation of the Index in respect of months m-3 and m-2, expressed 
relatively to the same basis of 100 (or such other revised basis as may be 
adopted from time to time by Eurostat). 
Hence:

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Id = HICPm−3 + nbd
qm
 × (HICPm−2 − HICPm−3) 
where: 
 
HICP m-2: Consumer Price Index for month m-2 
 
HICP m-3: Consumer Price Index for month m-3 
 
nbd: Actual number of days between date d (included) and the first day of 
month m (excluded); 
 
and 
 
q m: Actual number of days in month m. 
 
 
(iii) 
Fall-back provisions 
 
Change in the Sponsor of the Index 
If the Index is not calculated and/or disseminated by Eurostat, but is 
calculated and/or disseminated by another relevant authority approved by the 
European Union (the "New Sponsor"), then the Index as so calculated 
and/or disseminated by the New Sponsor shall be used for the purpose of 
calculating (i) the relevant Rate of Interest and/or (ii) the Final Redemption 
Amount or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption Amount, in respect of 
the Notes. 
Successor Index 
If the Index is replaced by a successor index using the same or a 
substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the Index and such successor index is reasonably acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent, the relevant Index for the purpose of calculating (i) 
the applicable Rate of Interest and/or (ii) the Final Redemption Amount or, 
as the case may be, the Early Redemption Amount, in respect of the Notes, 
shall be the successor index (the "Successor Index"). 
Substitute Index 
If the Index is not published for a given month, for any reason, or ceases to 
be published, for any reason, the Calculation Agent shall, for any month 
where the Index is not published, either find a Successor Index or determine, 
in consultation with the Issuer, a substitute index (the "Substitute Index"), 
such substitute index comprising as far as practicable the same components 
as the Index, which shall be adopted for the Notes. 
Changes in calculation method or basis of the Index 
In the event that Eurostat or, as the case may be, any New Sponsor changes 
the base of the Index at any time while any of the Notes are still outstanding, 
then for the purpose of calculating (i) the relevant Rate of Interest and/or (ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount, or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption 
Amount, in respect of the Notes, the value of the Index following such 
change in base shall be determined in accordance with the methodology 
published by Eurostat or, as the case may be, the relevant New Sponsor 
following such change. In the event that no such methodology is published,

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
then the Calculation Agent shall make such calculation as it, in its reasonable 
discretion, deems appropriate to determine the relevant Index. 
 
(c) 
United States Consumer Price Index (US CPI). 
Where the United States Consumer Price Index ("US CPI") is specified as the Index 
in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(c) shall apply. Terms defined herein 
shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition Condition 6.2.4(c) 
shall apply. 
The US CPI is the non-seasonally adjusted U.S. City Average All Items Consumer 
Price Index for All Urban Consumers, reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics of the U.S. Labor Department (the "BLS") and published on Bloomberg 
page "CPURNSA" or any successor source.  The US CPI for a particular month is 
published during the following month. 
The US CPI is a measure of the average change in consumer prices over time for a 
fixed market basket of goods and services, including food, clothing, shelter, fuels, 
transportation, charges for doctors' and dentists' services and drugs. In calculating the 
index, price changes for the various items are averaged together with weights that 
represent their importance in the spending of urban households in the United States.  
The contents of the market basket of goods and services and the weights assigned to 
the various items are updated periodically by the BLS to take into account changes in 
consumer expenditure patterns.  The US CPI is expressed in relative terms in relation 
to a time base reference period for which the level is set at 100.0. The base reference 
period for Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is the 1982-1984 average. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the US CPI (the 
"US CPI Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis. 
The relevant Notes will pay a rate per annum linked to the Change in the US CPI 
plus, if applicable, an additional amount of interest (referred to as the "spread") or 
multiplied by a number (referred to as the "multiplier"), as either may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; provided that, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the applicable Rate of Interest for Notes paying interest based on the US 
CPI will also be subject to a Minimum Rate of Interest equal to 0.00% per annum.  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the "Change in the US CPI" 
for a particular interval will be calculated as follows: 
CPI(t)- CPI(t-x) 
CPI(t-x) 
where: 
"CPI(t)" for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a calendar month 
(the "reference month" which shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to 
the calendar month in which the applicable Determination Date falls; and 
"CPI(t-x)" for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a calendar 
month prior to the applicable reference month, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If by 3:00 p.m. New York City time on any Determination Date the US CPI is not 
published on Bloomberg "CPURNSA" for any relevant month, but has otherwise 
been reported by the BLS, then the Calculation Agent will determine the US CPI as 
reported by the BLS for such month using such other source as, on its face, after

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
consultation with the Issuer, appears to accurately set forth the US CPI as reported by 
the BLS. 
In calculating CPI(t) and CPI(t-x), the Calculation Agent will use the most recently 
available value of the US CPI determined as described above on the applicable 
Determination Date, even if such value has been adjusted from a previously reported 
value for the relevant month. However, if a value of CPI(t) or CPI(t-x) used by the 
Calculation Agent on any Determination Date to determine the interest rate on a 
Series of Notes is subsequently revised by the BLS, the interest rate for such Series of 
Notes determined on such Determination Date will not be revised. 
If the US CPI is rebased to a different year or period and the 1982-1984 US CPI is no 
longer used, the base reference period for Notes paying interest based on the US CPI 
will continue to be the 1982-1984 reference period as long as the 1982-1984 US CPI 
continues to be published by the BLS. 
If, while any Series of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is outstanding, the 
US CPI is discontinued or is substantially altered, as determined in the sole discretion 
of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, the successor index for such Series of Notes will be that index chosen by the 
Secretary of the Treasury to replace the US CPI for the purpose of calculating 
payments on the Department of the Treasury's Inflation-Linked Treasuries as 
described at 62 Federal Register 846-874 (6 January 1997) or, if no such securities are 
outstanding, the successor index will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In addition, for the purposes of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
"Determination Date" shall mean two business days in New York immediately prior 
to the beginning of the applicable Interest Period, or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (but not more than 28 calendar days prior to the beginning of the applicable 
Interest Period). 
"Interest Period" shall mean, in respect of any Series of Notes paying interest based 
on the US CPI, the period beginning on and including the Issue Date of such Series of 
Notes and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date, and each 
successive period beginning on and including a Interest Payment Date and ending on 
but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
6.3 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis 
(the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer 
election to change of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be 
deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders 
within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate on the Switch Date (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"). 
6.4 
Zero Coupon Notes: Zero Coupon Notes bear no interest until the Maturity Date. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7.5.1(b)). 
6.5 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
6.6 
Margin, maximum/minimum rates of interest, rate multipliers and rounding: 
6.6.1 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 6.2 above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, 
subject always to the next paragraph. 
6.6.2 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any 
Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
minimum interest rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the minimum interest rate shall be 
deemed equal to zero. 
6.6.3 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit or sub-unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
6.7 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction and by any Rate Multiplier, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount.  
6.8 
Determination and publication of interest and payment amounts: The Calculation Agent or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, as soon as practicable, calculate any rate of 
interest or amount (including any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be), obtain 
any quotation or make any other determination or calculation that it is required to make pursuant to 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, and it shall cause such rate, amount, quotation, 
determination or calculation (as well as any relevant Interest Payment Date) to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or any 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 6.2.2, the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and 
the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties. 
6.9 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated 
Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
6.10 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Make-
Whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for it in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any 
Note is outstanding (as defined above). If any Make-Whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Make-Whole Calculation Agent or to calculate any Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, then the Issuer shall appoint another Make-Whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its 
place. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the 
rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.11 
RMB Notes:  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation 
by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and 
to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest per 
Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
7. 
Redemption, purchase and options 
7.1 
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed or cancelled as provided below or its maturity is 
extended pursuant to any option provided by the relevant Final Terms including any Issuer's option in 
accordance with Condition 7.2 or any Noteholders' option in accordance with Condition 7.3, each Note

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount).  
7.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's options and partial redemption: 
7.2.1 
Call Option: 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than  
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described) in relation 
to all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option 
Exercise Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest).  
7.2.2 
Make-whole redemption: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, 
prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the "Make-Whole Redemption Date") at their Make 
Whole Redemption Amount.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate, the Make-Whole Redemption Margin and the Make-
Whole Redemption Date will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant 
to Condition 7.2.2, an amount, determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, equal to the 
greater of (x) 100% of the Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption) discounted to the relevant redemption date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Relevant 
Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four (4) quotations (or such 
lesser number of quotations the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is capable of obtaining from 
such Reference Dealers, subject to a minimum of one quotation, and in any such case, 
the Make Whole Redemption Rate shall be such quotation) given by the Reference Dealers of 
the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 
11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Principal Amount" means the Specified Denomination, subject to any adjustment as 
described in Condition 7.2.5 following any partial redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2.1 and 
this Condition 7.2.2.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third (3rd) business day in London 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 15. 
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Pre-Maturity Call 
Option Date, if a Pre-Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
7.2.3 
Pre-Maturity Call Option by the Issuer: 
If a Pre-Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, at its option but subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance 
with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at 
par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time 
during the period starting on (and including) the "Pre-Maturity Call Option Date" (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
7.2.4 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, in the event that 
following any purchase or partial redemption of the Notes by the Issuer, the aggregate 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes of that Series is equal to, or lower than, 25% of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes or any lower percentage (the "Clean-Up 
Percentage") as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms,,  at its option but subject to 
having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest). 
7.2.5 
Exercise of Issuer's options and partial redemption: 
Any redemption or exercise pursuant to paragraphs 7.2.1 and 7.2.2 above shall relate to Notes 
of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which 
such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and requirements of the 
Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all 
such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer 
shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, give notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, of a list of any Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' options: If a Put Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the relevant 
Note(s) on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Noteholder shall 
deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the 
"Exercise Notice") in the form obtained from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case 
of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the 
account of the Paying Agents as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where 
applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Noteholder's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
7.4 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes:  
(a)  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes (but excluding those which are designated "HICP - OPTION 2" in 
the relevant Final Terms) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition 7.4 the ratio determined on the fifth 
Business Day before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the 
Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the 
Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the Final Terms, (ii) if the 
HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is specified as an Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Change in CPI, but where for these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be 
interpreted as the date falling two Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, at the 
reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t-x) shall be interpreted to be the date falling 
two Business Days prior to the Issue Date.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(b)  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes (and which are designated "HICP - OPTION 2" in the relevant 
Final Terms) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis. 
The Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Specified Denomination on the 
Maturity Date will be an amount equal to the greater of (i) the nominal amount of each 
Specified Denomination and (ii) an amount in euro (rounded, if applicable, to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
 
Specified Denomination x Redemption Date Inflation Index Ratio 
where, 
"Redemption Date Inflation Index Ratio" means the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined in 
Condition 6.2.4(b)(II)) as determined in respect of the Maturity Date. 
7.5 
Early redemption: 
7.5.1 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(a) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(b) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) below, the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date discounted at the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(c) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (b) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (as well after as before judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 6.5. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7.5.2 
Inflation Linked Notes:  
(a) 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that this Condition 7.5.2 shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes (but excluding those which are designated "HICP - OPTION 
2" in the relevant Final Terms), the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such 
Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption 
and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is 
specified as an Index applicable in the Final Terms, the Change in CPI, but where for 
these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the reference 
to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be interpreted as the date falling two 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, at the reference to CPI Determination Date 
in CPI(t-x) shall be interpreted to be the date falling two Business Days prior to the 
Issue Date. 
(b) 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes "HICP - OPTION 2" in the relevant Final 
Terms, if the relevant Final Terms provides that this Condition 7.5.2 shall apply, the 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of such Inflation Linked Notes will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Specified Denomination 
on the Maturity Date will be an amount equal to the greater of (i) the nominal amount 
of each Specified Denomination and (ii) an amount in euro (rounded, if applicable, to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination x Redemption Date Inflation Index Ratio 
where, 
"Redemption Date Inflation Index Ratio" means the Inflation Index Ratio (as 
defined in Condition 6.2.4(b)(II) as determined in respect of the Early Redemption 
Date. 
(c) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not this Condition 7.5.2 applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of 
Condition 6.2.4 above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Early 
Redemption Date.  
7.5.3 
 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
7.5.1 and 7.5.2 above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 
7.9, or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
7.6 
Redemption for taxation reasons: 
7.6.1 
If, (a) by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion 
of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 9 below 
or (b) the Issuer has suffered or will suffer a significant non-deductibility of interest or other 
revenues because any Noteholder is located or payments are made in a non-cooperative State or

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French 
General Tax Code (Code general des impôts), provided in the latter case that (y) the Issuer is 
required to and has effectively proven that the principal purpose and effect of the issue of Notes 
were not that of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a non-
cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) and (z) the interest or other 
assimilated revenues on the relevant Notes relate to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal 
or exaggerated amount, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty 
(60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which 
the Issuer could make payment of principal and/or interest without withholding for such French 
taxes. 
7.6.2 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 9 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) on the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of principal and/or interest without withholding for French 
taxes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
7.7 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
(including by way of a tender and/or exchange offer) at any price, in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes, or cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 7.8. 
7.8 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
cancelled (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by 
surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in 
question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent. Any 
Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued 
or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7.9 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the 
Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject 
to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) on the latest practicable 
date before which it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its 
obligations under the Notes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
8.1 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Bearer Notes or Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Noteholders or (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to an account denominated in 
the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
8.2 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
8.6.5 or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8.6.5, as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a 
city where banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
8.3 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
8.4 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes are 
subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations, directives or orders of courts of competent 
jurisdiction applicable in respect of such payments to the Issuer, the relevant Paying Agent, the relevant 
Account Holder or, as the case may be, the person shown in the records of Euroclear France, Euroclear 
or Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9.  
8.5 
Appointment of agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base 
Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, 
the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act as independent experts and, in 
each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent,  the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent 
and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Fully 
Registered Notes, a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one 
major European city (which shall be Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris), (vi) a Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require and (vii) such other 
agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted 
to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 8.3 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 2.4 with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
8.6 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
8.6.1 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the 
amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) that the 
sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten 
(10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
8.6.2 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Bearer Notes, unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
8.6.3 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
8.6.4 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
8.6.5 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest if applicable), shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Note. 
8.7 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 11), provided that, in respect of Notes admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always take place at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of 
the Paying Agents, as the case may be, in Paris. 
8.8 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
8.9 
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to 
the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by 
a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in 
whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any 
such payment (in whole or in part) in US dollars on the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any 
such Renminbi denominated amount.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 10. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8.9 by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
9. 
Taxation  
9.1 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
9.2 
Additional amounts: Should French law require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any 
Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or 
duties whatsoever levied by the Republic of France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic 
of France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon. 
10. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 12), upon request of any Noteholder, or, if and so long as 
the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been appointed, such 
Noteholder, may, after written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent has been given and unless all 
defaults shall have been remedied, cause all the Notes held by such Noteholder to become immediately 
due and payable, whereupon such Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their principal 
amount, plus accrued interest to the date of repayment without any other formality, if any of the 
following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs: 
10.1 
the Issuer is in default for the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of 
them and, with respect to any interest due, the default continues for a period of fifteen (15) calendar 
days immediately following the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
10.2 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Terms and Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of thirty (30) calendar days 
next following the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
10.3 
the Issuer fails to pay when due or, if applicable, at the expiry of any grace period, any monies in 
excess of EUR 200,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currencies, in respect of any of its 
indebtedness, other than the Notes, or in the event that any required payment in excess of EUR 
200,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currencies in respect of any guarantee it gave in respect of 
monies borrowed by its Principal Subsidiaries is not honored, unless it is contesting in good faith that 
such debt is due or that such guarantee is callable so long as the dispute is being defended and has not 
been fully adjudicated or unless such non-payment arose due to a technical failure or administrative 
error and is remedied within the shorter of the applicable grace period and eight (8) days on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payment in London and Paris, following the 
service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring repayment thereof; or

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
10.4 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary is dissolved, wound up or reorganised (either by court order or 
otherwise) or merges, consolidates, amalgamates with any company unless the successor corporation 
assumes all of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes and the creditworthiness of such 
successor company is not materially weaker than that of the Issuer prior to such merger, consolidation 
or amalgamation; or 
10.5 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the 
whole of its business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer; or 
10.6 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its 
telecommunications business (which represents a substantial part of the telecommunications business 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole) carried on by it prior to such cessation, the result of 
which reduces the value of the assets of the Issuer; or 
10.7 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due (situation de cessation des 
paiements), or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
10.8 
(A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or any other similar laws, or an application is 
made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or any other 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a 
part of the undertakings or assets of the Issuer, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a 
part of its undertakings or assets (which are material in the context of the issue of the Notes), or a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put 
in force against the whole or a part of its undertakings or assets (which are material in the context of 
the issue of the Notes); and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not 
discharged within 28 calendar days, provided that this paragraph (g) shall not apply to any proceedings 
against the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary brought by a third party other than an administrative or 
judicial authority where the Issuer can demonstrate that any such proceedings are being contested by 
the Issuer or the Principal Subsidiary in good faith, diligently and by appropriate proceedings in a 
competent court. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the 
case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
12. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a Masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions 
of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 12. 
12.1 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
12.2 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative shall 
be:

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
AETHER FINANCIAL SERVICES S.A.R.L 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris - France 
 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single 
Representative of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties, as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any, or another Representative 
may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the 
Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 12.9. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
12.3 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with 
the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
12.4 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by 
consent of the Noteholders pursuant to a consultation in writing (the "Consultation in Writing", as 
further described in Condition 12.4.2 below). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the rights 
of each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set 
for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12.9. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
12.4.1 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be 
called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes cast by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12.9 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) calendar day 
period on the first convocation and five (5) calendar day period on the second convocation preceding 
the holding of each General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will 
be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will 
be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a representative at 
the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting, 
the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, 
designate a provisional chairman for the purpose of the appropriate formalities. 
12.4.2 
Consultation in Writing and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of 
the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a 
Consultation in Writing.  
Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a 
Consultation in Writing may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent").  
Notices seeking the approval of Noteholders by way of a Consultation in Writing, which shall include 
the text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided 
under Condition 12.4.1 no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of 
such resolutions by way of a Consultation in Writing (the "Consultation in Writing Date"). Notices 
seeking the approval of Noteholders by way of a Consultation in Writing will contain the conditions of 
form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such proposed resolutions. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Consultation in Writing Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Consultation in 
Writing Date.  
Resolutions subject to a Consultation in Writing shall be approved, on first notice (i) by Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed resolutions hold at least one fifth of the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) by Noteholders expressing their approval hold 
at least 66.6 per cent. of such quorum. If such quorum is not met, a resolution by way of a Consultation 
in Writing will be approved, on second notice, by Noteholders expressing their approval representing at 
least 66.6 per cent. of all voting Noteholders. Approval of a resolution by way of a Consultation in 
Writing may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any resolution approved by way of a Consultation in 
Writing shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. The resolutions subject to a Consultation in Writing may be contained in one document, 
or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, 
and shall be published in accordance with Condition 12.9. 
12.5 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (providing for a prior 
approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of 
the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
12.6 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions. 
12.7 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for 
the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche or Series of Notes will be the single Representative of all such 
Series. 
12.8 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall 
hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
12.9 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be published on the 
website of Orange (http://www.orange.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
(4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' approval 
as per Condition 12, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9. Any Noteholder will then have the right 
to request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for 
redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the 
proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to 
Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de commerce. Such redemption offer 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9. If the Masse does not approve 
the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed with the transaction will be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9. 
12.10 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Notes 
purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and 
regulations that are held and not cancelled. 
13. 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and 
regulations, and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agents as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for such purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that 
if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Further issues and consolidation 
14.1 
Further issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such 
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount and the issue date specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further 
Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
14.2 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 
thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of 
one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally 
denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15. 
Notices 
15.1 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Registered Notes shall be valid if either (i) they are mailed to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the 
Issuer, they are published (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (b) in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or 
(c)  so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules 
applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
15.2 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall be valid if 
published (i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (ii) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (iii) so long as 
such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to 
such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to 
trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise 
required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
15.3 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
15.4 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15.1 and 15.2 
above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, notices shall be 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos) or in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) 
of the AMF, and (ii) so long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market 
and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is 
expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, 
as the case may be. 
15.5 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 15 does not apply to notices relating to the convocation and 
decision(s) of the General Meetings or Consultation in Writing pursuant to Condition 12. 
16. 
Method of publication of the prospectus and the Final Terms 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market will always be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
Orange (www.orange.com). 
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than 
Euronext Paris, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and 
the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) such Regulated Market or (y) the 
competent authority of the Member State in the EEA where such Regulated Market is situated. 
17. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
17.1 
Governing law: The Notes (and, where applicable, Coupons and Talons) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
17.2 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be 
brought before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Subordinated Notes.  
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member 
State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on 
definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the 
Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 30 June 2021 
between Orange (the "Issuer")and Société Générale as fiscal agent and as paying agent and the other agents 
named in it (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement"). The functions of 
Aether Financial Services as make-whole calculation agent have been agreed by separate agreement between the 
Issuer and Aether Financial Services. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the 
consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) and the make-whole calculation agentfor the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the "Calculation Agent(s)" and 
the "Make-Whole Calculation Agent". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
1. 
Definitions and interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires: 
"Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, 
to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may 
be. 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal Financial 
Centre for such currency and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any). 
"Code" means the French code monétaire et financier. 
"Coupon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.2. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose 
denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF 
shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days 
elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose 
numerator is the number of actual calendar days elapsed during the leap year and whose 
denominator is 366. 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during 
such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period). 
(d) 
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360. 
if "30/360" or "360/360 (Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
     360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
     360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
(f) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
calendar day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Definitive Materialised Bearer Note" has the meaning given in Condition 2.3.2. 
"Dematerialised Note", "Dematerialised Bearer Note", "Dematerialised Registered Note", 
"Dematerialised Administered Registered Note" and "Dematerialised Fully Registered Note" have 
the respective meanings given in Condition 2.1. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of 
such Note pursuant to Condition 7.2.3, Condition 7.3, Condition 7.4 or Condition 7.5, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Enforcement Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"FBF" means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) 
published from time to time by the FBF, as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FBF Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.3.3. 
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of any Note means the amount to be redeemed in relation to 
each Note and specified in the Final Terms and which shall be, unless otherwise provided, the nominal 
amount of the Notes. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to a Series or Tranche of Notes, the final terms of that Series or 
Tranche of Notes. 
"Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case 
may be. 
"Fixed Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a fixed rate. 
"Floating Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a variable rate. 
"General Meeting" has the meaning given in Condition 12.4. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is 
Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day 
falling two (2) Business Days in the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period if 
the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.3.3. 
"Issue Date" in respect of any Notes means the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Margin" means the percentage per annum indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case 
may be. 
"Masse" has the meaning given in Condition 12. 
"Materialised Note" and "Materialised Bearer Note" have the meanings given in Condition 2.1. 
"Materialised Note Agent" means any agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Series of 
Materialised Notes pursuant to Condition 2.1.2. 
"Maturity Date" means, in respect of a Note with a specified maturity date, the date on which such 
Note shall be fully redeemed. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" and "Minimum Rate of Interest" have the respective meanings given 
in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Optional Redemption" means any option of the Issuer as may be provided in the relevant Final 
Terms in accordance with Condition 7.2.1. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.2.1.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
as the case may be. 
"Payment Business Day" means a day: 
(a) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or in the 
case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, and on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant Financial Centre(s) (if any) and 
(b) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in such currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
country of such currency, or in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Settlement 
Day. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the principal financial centre of 
the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, the Euro-zone. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes, 
which are specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate Multiplier" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Rating Agency" means any of the following: Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") or 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), and any other rating agency of equivalent international 
standing solicited from time to time by the Issuer to grant a rating to the Issuer and/or the Notes and in 
each case, any of their respective successors to the rating business thereof. Each of Moody's and S&P 
is established in the European Union and, is under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  
"Redenomination Date" has the meaning given in Condition 2.4.1. 
"Reference Banks" means the banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or in the event that 
no such banks are specified in the relevant Final Terms or that the Calculation Agent determines that 
any bank so specified is not providing offered quotations of the Reference Rate, the principal London 
office of any major bank selected by the Calculation Agent in the London inter-bank market, in the 
case of a determination of LIBOR, or the principal Euro-zone office of any major bank selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR. 
"Reference Rate" means the LIBOR or the EURIBOR specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
any successor or replacement rate as provided in Condition 6.3.3(d).  
"Registration Agent" means any person or entity designated in the Final Terms of a Series of 
Dematerialised Registered Notes to act as agent on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of opening and 
maintaining accounts for the holders of Notes of such Series. 
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the EEA, as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended.  
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of such 
Note or Coupon first becomes due or, if any amount of money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused, the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or in the case of 
Materialised Notes, if earlier, the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given 
to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance 
with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative" has the meaning given in Condition 12. 
"Series" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in Condition 2.2. 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to a company (the "Parent Company") at any time, any other 
company in which the Parent Company holds more than 50 per cent. of the share capital (as provided in 
Article L.233-1 of the Code de Commerce) or any other company which is controlled directly or 
indirectly by the Parent Company within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the Code de Commerce. 
"Talon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.2. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating. 
"TARGET 2 System" means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform or any successor thereto.  
"Tranche" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5. 
1.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions, unless a contrary indication appears: 
1.2.1 
the terms "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" and "Noteholder" refer to (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; 
(ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the 
Coupons or Talon relating thereto; and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a 
Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing 
institution) who appears as a holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in 
such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules 
and procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, Euroclear France, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate. 
1.2.2 
the term "Couponholder" refers to the bearer of any Coupon. 
1.2.3 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than 
(a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on 
such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly 
paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Administered Registered 
Notes, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8.1, 
(ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to the account of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 8.1 and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agents as 
provided in Conditions 8.2 and 8.3 and remain available for payment against presentation and 
surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been 
purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, and (e) in the case of Materialised Notes 
(i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such 
Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in 
respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
1.2.4 
references to (i) "principal" include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7, (ii) "interest" include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of 
interest) payable pursuant to Condition 6 and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" include any 
additional amounts payable under Condition 9. 
1.2.5 
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France acting as central depositary. 
1.2.6 
a "unit" or "sub-unit" of a currency means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
2. 
Form, denomination(s), title, redenomination and method of issue 
2.1 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form ("Materialised Notes"). 
2.1.1 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in either bearer form (au porteur) ("Dematerialised Bearer Notes"), in which case 
they are inscribed in an account maintained by an Account Holder having itself an account in the 
books of Euroclear France, or in registered form (au nominatif) ("Dematerialised Registered 
Notes") and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) ("Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes"), in which case they are 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent, or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) ("Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes"), in 
which case the Notes are inscribed both in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent and an account maintained by an Account Holder.  
2.1.2 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). Materialised Bearer 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") and, where appropriate, 
a talon (the "Talon") attached. Any issue of Materialised Notes requires the appointment by the 
Issuer of a Materialised Note Agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) which will perform the 
functions otherwise attributed, in these Conditions, to the Fiscal Agent and/or Paying Agents. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the Code, securities (such as Notes) 
which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French 
territory. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in 
accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-2 of the Code de commerce, request at any time from 
the central depositary identification information of Noteholders of Notes in dematerialised form (au 
porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and 
mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such Noteholders.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
2.2 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in each such currency at the issue date (the "Specified Denomination(s)") subject to 
compliance with the regulations of the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one 
Specified Denomination only. 
2.3 
Title: 
2.3.1 
Title to Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Registered Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent. 
2.3.2 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
2.3.3 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, 
any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
2.4 
Redenomination: 
2.4.1 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar day's 
notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European Member 
State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member 
State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union, or events have 
occurred which have substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the 
Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on 
which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the 
"Redenomination Date". 
2.4.2 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 2.4.1 shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 
0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so 
determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). 
Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to 
Noteholders by the Issuer. 
2.4.3 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
2.4.4 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon but taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations, make any 
changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change 
to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre 
designation, interest accrual basis or Reference Rate specification) which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be 
notified to them in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
2.4.5 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon 
or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2.5 
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. 
Conversion and exchanges of Notes 
3.1 
Dematerialised Notes: 
3.1.1 
Dematerialised Bearer Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Registered Notes, whether 
in fully registered form or in administered registered form. 
3.1.2 
Dematerialised Registered Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Bearer Notes. 
3.1.3 
Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into 
Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by 
the relevant Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3.2 
Materialised Notes: Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The status of the Notes will be as follows: 
4.1 
Deeply Subordinated Notes 
The Notes are deeply subordinated notes of the Issuer issued pursuant to the provisions of Article 
L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
The Notes constitute obligations under French law. The obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal, 
interest and other amounts (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest) constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier 
rang) of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
present and future Parity Securities of the Issuer, but shall be subordinated to present and future prêts 
participatifs granted to the Issuer and to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and to Unsubordinated 
Obligations of, or issued by, the Issuer. The Notes shall rank in priority to any Junior Securities. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Junior Securities" means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) any other 
class of the Issuer's share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence)). 
"Ordinary Subordinated Obligations" means obligations, whether in the form of notes or otherwise, 
which constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank or are expressed to rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
present or future ordinary subordinated obligations, behind Unsubordinated Obligations but in priority to 
prêts participatifs, if any, and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer, including the Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"Parity Securities" means (i) any securities or other similar instruments issued by the Issuer which rank, 
or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, including for the 
avoidance of doubt the perpetual bonds redeemable into shares issued by Orange (formerly, France 
Télécom) on 3 March 2003 (the "TDIRA"), the €1,000,000,000 Undated 10 Year Non-Call Deeply 
Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued by Orange on 7 February 2014, the €1,250,000,000 
Undated 12 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes and the £600,000,000 
Undated 8.5 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued by Orange on 1st 
October 2014, the €1,000,000,000 Undated 6 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate 
Notes issued by Orange on 15 April 2019, the €500,000,000 Undated 7.5 Year Non-Call Deeply 
Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued by Orange on 19 September 2019, the €700,000,000 
Undated 8 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued on 15 October 2020 
and the €500,000,000 Undated 8 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued 
on 11 May 2021 and (ii) any securities or other similar instruments issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer 
which have the benefit of a guarantee from the Issuer (or similar instrument from the Issuer), which rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. 
"Unsubordinated Obligations" means obligations, whether in the form of notes or otherwise, which 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank pari passu without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by French law) pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
4.2 
Payment on the Notes upon a liquidation proceeding of the Issuer 
If any judgment is issued by any competent court for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of 
the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de 
l'entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire), or in 
the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and 
in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other 
reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes), the rights of the Noteholders will be calculated on the basis of 
the principal amount of the Notes together with any accrued interest on such principal amount and any 
Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amount thereon) and to the extent that all other 
creditors of the Issuer (including creditors in respect of Unsubordinated Obligations, Ordinary 
Subordinated Obligations and prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer) ranking in priority to the 
Noteholders have been or will be fully reimbursed, as ascertained by the liquidator. On a liquidation of 
the Issuer, no payments will be made to holders of Junior Securities before all amounts due, but unpaid, 
to all Noteholders under the Notes have been paid by the Issuer. 
4.3 
Prohibition of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising 
under or in connection with the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
5. 
Negative pledge 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
6. 
Interest and other calculations 
6.1 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.2 
Resettable Notes 
6.2.1 
Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes: Each Note which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Resettable Note (a "Resettable Note") will bear interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Resettable 
Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest (each as specified in the Final Terms); 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) (x) the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (i) with respect to Notes with no specified maturity date, the date of 
redemption of all the Notes or (ii) with respect to Notes with a specified maturity date, the 
Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (each as specified in the Final Terms). 
 
Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the Interest Payment Date or Interest Payment Dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and, in the case of Notes with a specified maturity date, on the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Maturity Date. The first payment of interest will be 
made on the first Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the relevant Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of Interest and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and the relevant Interest Amount payable per Note to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents and, if required by the rules of Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange 
on which the Notes are admitted to trading from time to time, to such stock exchange, and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 without undue delay, but, in any case, not later than on the 
fourth (4th) Business Day after its determination. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"First Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date until 
(but excluding) (x) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) with respect to Notes with no specified maturity 
date, the date of redemption of all the Notes or (ii) with respect to Notes with a specified maturity date, 
the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, subject to Condition 6.2.2 below, the rate of interest being 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the applicable Margin as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Margin(s)" means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6.2.2 and 
Condition 6.2.3 below, either:

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period. 
"Resettable Note Reset Date" means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period. 
"Second Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset 
Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6.2.2 below, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the applicable Margin as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.2.2 
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes: 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the applicable Margin(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 6.2.2, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) shall be determined to be the rate of interest as at the last preceding Resettable Note Reset 
Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-
floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (each as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.. 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected 
with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international reputation. 
6.2.3 
Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation: 
(a) 
Independent Adviser  
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint (at its own cost) an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Reset Determination Date), to 
determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(b)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(c)) and any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3 shall act in good 
faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an independent adviser with appropriate 
expertise in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, 
pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
For the avoidance of doubt the Issuer’s consultation referred to above shall not give 
any discretionary power to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser will act alone in 
determining whether a substitute or successor rate for the purposes stated above is 
available. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.2.3, no Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any other related Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a reduction of the amount of 
“equity credit” assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency when compared to the 
“equity credit” assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise 
prejudice the eligibility of the Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(a) prior 
to the relevant Reset Determination Date, then the Rate of Interest for such next Reset 
Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6.2.2. 
(b) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate  
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:  
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.2.3(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 6.2.3); or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 6.2.3(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 6.2.3). 
(c) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d) and the 
Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate, 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 15, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2.3(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under Condition 6.2.3 will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such 
information from the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 12) (if 
any) and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
Otherwise, the Calculation Agent will give notice to the Noteholders of the First 
Reset Rate of Interest and (if applicable) the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15. 
(f) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Alternative Mid-Swap Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which 
the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(b) and which 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at 
all times acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, 
as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard 
is recognised or acknowledged); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Event" means:

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Mid-Swap Rate, permanently or indefinitely 
(provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Screen Page); and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Mid-Swap Rate, or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Mid-Swap Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Relevant Screen Page); and/or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; and/or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Mid-Swap Rate 
is no longer representative of an underlying market; and/or 
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Interest Rate (being the Calculation Agent), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payment due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmark 
Regulation, if applicable); 
(vi) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Mid-Swap Rate has been adopted; and/or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate that the Original Mid-Swap Rate in the opinion of the 
supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying market or that its 
method of calculation has significantly changed 
(viii) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, announcing that the 
methodology for the determination of the Original Mid-Swap Rate is 
materially altered compared to the methodology as used by the administrator of 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate at the Issue Date, 
provided that, the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall occur on the earlier of the dates 
of the events referenced in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv). 
"Original Mid-Swap Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Nominating Body", in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Mid-Swap Rate" means an industry accepted successor rate to the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
6.3 
Floating Rate Notes: 
6.3.1 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms. The Interest Payment Date(s) shall be defined in the 
relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date 
is so defined, shall consist of each date which falls the number of months or other period defined as 
the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
6.3.2 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which case (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
6.3.3 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent for a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of 
that Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) 
and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent for a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified hereon as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (i)(A) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
or, if sub-paragraph (i)(B) applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case 
may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and 
Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 6.3.3. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.3.3(d)(ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Condition 6.3.3(d)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6.3.3(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.3.3(d) shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and 
(in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Condition 6.3.3(d). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.3.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.3.3(d)); or  
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.3.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 6.3.3(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 6.3.3(d) and the Independent Adviser 
determines (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (B) the relevant terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
6.3.3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
6.3.3(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notice), 
the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6.3.3(d). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in 
the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this 
Condition 6.3.3(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 6.3.3(c) will continue to apply unless and until the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original Reference 
Rate Specified in Condition 6.3.3(c) will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, 
lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any 
time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.3.3(d), 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 6.3.3(d). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6.3.3(d): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or equal to zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines in accordance with 
customary market usage in the international debt capital market for such 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and which is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce 
or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
d) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
e) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
f) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 6.3.3(d) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
j) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified 
date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
k) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
l) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (d)(i);  
m) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six (6) months;  
n) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or 
o) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant 
to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted; or 
p) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed.  
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 
2016, as amended or supplemented. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 6.3.3(d)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those 
successor or replacement rates, those of which is the most appropriate, 
taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
6.4 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis 
(the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that:

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer 
election to change of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be 
deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders 
within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate on the Switch Date (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"). 
6.5 
Margin, maximum/minimum rates of interest, rate multipliers and rounding: 
6.5.1 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 6.2 above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, 
subject always to the next paragraph. 
6.5.2 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any 
Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
minimum interest rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the minimum interest rate shall be 
deemed equal to zero. 
6.5.3 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit or sub-unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
6.6 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction and by any Rate Multiplier, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount.  
6.7 
Determination and publication of interest and payment amounts: The Calculation Agent or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, as soon as practicable, calculate any rate of 
interest or amount (including any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be), obtain 
any quotation or make any other determination or calculation that it is required to make pursuant to 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, and it shall cause such rate, amount, quotation, 
determination or calculation (as well as any relevant Interest Payment Date) to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or any 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 6.3.2, the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and 
the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
6.8 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated 
Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
6.9 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Make-
Whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for it in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any 
Note is outstanding (as defined above). If any Make-Whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Make-Whole Calculation Agent or to calculate any Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, then the Issuer shall appoint another Make-Whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its 
place. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the 
rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.10 
Interest Deferral 
Interest payments shall only be due and payable if the Issuer so elects, in accordance with the 
provisions of the following paragraphs. 
6.10.1 
Optional Interest Payments 
If Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final terms, the Issuer may, at 
any time and at its sole discretion, elect to defer in whole or in part the payment of interest accrued on 
the Notes in respect of any Interest Period, except in relation to a payment of interest to be made on an 
Interest Payment Date falling on the date of redemption of the Notes, by giving notice of such election to 
the Noteholders in accordance with sub-paragraph (d) below. If the Issuer makes such an election, the 
Issuer shall have no obligation to make such payment and any such non-payment or partial-payment of 
interest shall not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Notes. 
Any interest in respect of the Notes which has not been paid at the election of the Issuer in accordance 
with this paragraph will be deferred and shall constitute "Arrears of Interest" and shall be payable as 
outlined below. 
6.10.2 
Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount thereon) may at the option of the 
Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time, provided that all Arrears of Interest (together with any 
Additional Interest Amounts thereon) in respect of all Notes for the time being outstanding shall 
become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on the date (the "Mandatory Settlement Date") 
which is the earliest of: 
(a) 
the tenth (10th) Business Day following the occurrence of a Mandatory Payment Event; 
(b) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not elect to defer 
all or part of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
(c) 
the date on which the Notes are redeemed; or

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(d) 
upon a judgment is made for the judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation judiciaire), or in 
the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l'entreprise) 
subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or in the 
event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason 
(and in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger 
or other reorganization outside the context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity 
assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). 
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French 
Code civil as if it constituted the principal of the Notes at a rate which corresponds to the rate of interest 
from time to time applicable to the Notes (the "Arrears Interest Rate") and the amount of such interest 
(the "Additional Interest Amount") with respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable 
pursuant to this paragraph (b) and shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the Arrears 
Interest Rate to the amount of the Arrears of Interest and otherwise mutatis mutandis as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition. 
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest Payment Date shall be added in accordance 
with and to the extent permitted applicable law to the amount of Arrears of Interest remaining unpaid on 
such Interest Payment Date so that it will itself become Arrears of Interest, for the purpose only of 
calculating the Additional Interest Amount accruing thereafter. 
For the purpose of this Condition, "Mandatory Payment Event" means that: 
(a) 
a dividend (either interim or final), or any other distribution or payment was validly resolved 
on, declared, paid or made in respect of any Junior Securities or Parity Securities, except (i) 
where such dividend, distribution or payment was contractually required to be declared, paid 
or made under the terms of such Junior Securities or Parity Securities and (ii) in the case of 
Parity Securities any partial payment of Arrears of Interest at the option of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer has repurchased, purchased, redeemed or otherwise 
acquired any Junior Securities, except where (x) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or 
acquisition was undertaken in connection with the satisfaction by the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
of the Issuer of its respective obligations under any share buyback programme in force and 
duly approved by its shareholders' general meeting or any stock option plan or free share 
allocation plan reserved for directors, officers and/or employees of the Issuer's group or any 
associated hedging transaction or the hedging of convertible securities or other equity-linked 
securities or (y) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition is contractually required to 
be made under the terms of such Junior Securities; or 
(c) 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer has repurchased, purchased, redeemed or otherwise 
acquired any Parity Securities or any Notes, except where (x) such repurchase, purchase, 
redemption or acquisition is contractually required to be made under the terms of such Parity 
Securities or (y) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition is effected as a public 
tender offer or public exchange offer at a purchase price per security which is below its par 
value. 
6.10.3 
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts: 
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts are paid in part: 
(a) 
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before any Additional Interest 
Amounts; 
(b) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment has been 
made of all Arrears of Interest that have accrued during any earlier period and the order of 
payment of Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the Arrears of Interest to which 
they relate; and 
(c) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts payable in respect of any of 
the Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the total amount of all unpaid Arrears of

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Interest or, as the case may be, Additional Interest Amounts accrued on the Notes in respect of 
that period to the date of payment. 
6.10.4 
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interests 
Notice of (i) deferral of any interest under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date and (ii) any date upon 
which amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) 
shall become due and payable shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, and 
the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent at least five (5) Business Days in Paris, but no more than 
thirty (30) Business Days in Paris, prior to such Interest Payment Date or date, which notice shall be 
irrevocable. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to 
such stock exchange so require, notice of any such deferral shall also be given as soon as reasonably 
practicable to such stock exchange. 
7. 
Redemption, purchase and options 
7.1 
Final redemption:  
7.1.1 
Notes with a specified maturity date: 
In respect of Notes with a specified maturity date, unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled as specified below, each such Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) together with accrued interest 
(including Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
7.1.2 
Notes with no specified maturity date: 
Notes with no specified maturity date are undated obligations of the Issuer and have no fixed maturity 
date, but may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer under certain circumstances set out below. 
7.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
7.2.1 
Optional Redemption: 
If an Optional Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not 
less than ten (10) nor more than forty (40) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date or on any date during any residual redemption period (the "Residual 
Redemption Period"), the first date of any such period (if any) being a "Residual 
Redemption Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption and Arrears of 
Interest (including any Additional Interest Amount thereon).

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
7.2.2 
Make-whole redemption: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than ten 
(10) nor more than forty (40) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 
15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time other than (i) 
in the case of Resettable Notes, during the Residual Redemption Period (if any) or upon any 
subsequent Interest Payment Date or (ii) in the case of Notes (other than Resettable Notes), on 
any Interest Payment Date on which an Optional Redemption can be exercised by the Issuer 
for which the Optional Redemption Amount per Note is the par value of such Note plus any 
interest accrued thereon (the "Make-Whole Redemption Date") at their Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount and the Make-
Whole Redemption Date will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Benchmark Rate" means the annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (rounded to 
the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) displayed on the Reference Screen Rate 
at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent or, if the Reference Screen Rate is not available, the average of the four quotations given 
by Reference Dealers to the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European 
time (CET)) on the Business Day immediately preceding the Calculation Date of the mid-
market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, 
with 0.0005% rounded upwards). The Benchmark Rate (and the reference of the Similar 
Security, if applicable) will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant 
to Condition 7.2.2, an amount, determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, equal to the 
sum of  
(i) 
the greater of (x) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum (rounding the resulting figure, if necessary, to the nearest cent (half a cent being 
rounded upwards)) of the then present values as at the Make-Whole Redemption Date 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding 
any Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amount thereon and any interest 
accruing on such Note from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Issue Date, immediately preceding such Make-Whole Redemption 
Date to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date) up to and discounted from 
(x) in the case of Resettable Notes: (A) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date occurs 
prior to the Residual Redemption Date (if any) (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), the Residual Redemption Date or (B) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date 
occurs after the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, in each case, to such Make-Whole Redemption Date, on the basis of the relevant 
Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-Whole Redemption Rate or (y) in the 
case of Notes (other than Resettable Notes), the next succeeding Interest Payment Date 
on which an Optional Redemption can be exercised by the Issuer for which the 
Optional Redemption Amount per Note is the par value of such Note plus any interest 
accrued thereon, on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate, and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued and any Arrears of Interest (and Additional Interest Amount 
thereon) but not paid on such Note from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
or, as the case may be, the Issue Date, immediately preceding such Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin(s)" means the margin or margins specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means the sum, as calculated by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-Whole Redemption Margin(s). 
"Quotation Agent" means the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing. 
"Reference Dealers" means four (4) banks selected by the Quotation Agent, at its sole 
discretion, which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding or the Reference Screen Rate does not quote the 
yield on the Reference Security, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent on 
the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and notified in accordance with Condition 15. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be 
redeemed, assuming for this purpose only that, (i) in respect of Resettable Notes, the Notes 
mature on (A) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date occurs prior to the Residual Redemption 
Date (if any) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the First Resettable Note Reset Date or 
(B) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date occurs after the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the 
next succeeding Interest Payment Date that would be utilised and (ii) in respect of Notes (other 
than Resettable Notes), the Notes mature on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date on 
which an Optional Redemption can be exercised by the Issuer for which the Optional 
Redemption Amount per Note is the par value of such Note plus any interest accrued thereon, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes 
to be redeemed. 
7.2.3 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, in the event that, 
following any purchase or partial redemption of the Notes by the Issuer, the aggregate 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes of that Series is equal to, or lower than, 25% of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes or any lower percentage (the "Clean-Up 
Percentage") as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (a "Substantial Repurchase 
Event"), at its option but subject to having given not more than forty (40) nor less than ten 
(10) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in 
accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest Amount). 
7.3 
Redemption for taxation reasons: 
7.3.1 
If Redemption following a Gross-Up Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion 
of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 9 below 
(a "Gross-Up Event"), the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than forty 
(40) nor less than ten (10) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest Amount), provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the 
latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and/or interest without 
withholding for such French taxes. 
7.3.2 
If Redemption following a Withholding Tax Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable (a "Withholding Tax Event") then the 
Issuer may, at its option, at any time, subject to having given not less than seven calendar days' 
prior notice to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to 
the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional 
Interest Amount) on the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal 
and/or interest without withholding for French taxes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
7.3.3 
If Redemption following a Tax Deductibility Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and an opinion of a recognised law firm of international standing has been delivered to the 
Issuer, stating that by reason of a change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the tax regime of 
any payments under the Notes is modified and such modification results in the part of the interest 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes that is tax-deductible being reduced (a "Tax 
Deduction Event") the Issuer may, at its option, at any time (subject to having given not more than 
forty (40) nor less than ten (10) calendar days' notice to Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15), redeem all of the Notes (but not some only) at the 
Early Redemption Amount, provided that the effective date of redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date preceding the effective 
date on which the tax regime of interest payments under the Notes is modified. 
7.4 
Redemption following an Accounting Event: If Redemption following an Accouting Event is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Accounting Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer may at its option redeem all (but not some only) the Notes on any day from the Accounting Event 
Adoption Date, subject to the Issuer having given the Noteholders not less than ten (10), or more than 
forty (40), Business Days' prior notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 
15, at the Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest Amount). 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Accounting Event" means that a recognised accountancy firm, acting upon instructions of the Issuer, 
has delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, stating that as a result of a change in accounting principles or 
methodology (or in each case the application thereof) after the Issue Date (the earlier of such date that 
the aforementioned change is officially announced by the relevant body of IFRS or officially adopted 
or put into practice, the "Accounting Event Adoption Date"), the Notes may not or may no longer be 
recorded as “liability” or “equity”, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in full in the audited annual 
or the semi-annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer pursuant to the application of IFRS 
or any other accounting standards that may replace IFRS. The Accounting Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred on the Accounting Event Adoption Date notwithstanding any later effective date. The 
period during which the Issuer may notify the redemption of the Notes as a result of the occurrence of an 
Accounting Event shall start on the Accounting Event Adoption Date. For the avoidance of doubt such 
period shall include any transitional period between the Accounting Event Adoption Date and the date 
on which it comes into effect. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards or any other accounting standards that 
may replace IFRS for the purposes of preparing the annual or semi-annual audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
7.5 
Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event: If Redemption following an Equity Credit 
Rating Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Equity Credit Rating Event shall occur 
after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its option redeem all (but not some only) the Notes at any time, 
subject to the Issuer having given the Noteholders not less than ten (10), or more than forty (40), 
Business Days' prior notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, at the 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest Amount), provided that the due 
date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the last calendar 
day before the date on which the Notes are assigned a level of equity credit that is lower than the level or 
equivalent level of equity credit assigned to the Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, 
or if such equity credit was not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the equity credit was 
assigned for the first time. 
For the purpose of this Condition:  
"Equity Credit Rating Event" means that the Issuer certifies in a notice to the Noteholders that an 
amendment, clarification or change in the “equity credit” criteria of any Rating Agency (or the 
application or interpretation thereof), which amendment, clarification or change has occurred or 
became effective after the Issue Date, results in (a) all or any of the Notes being assigned a level of 
“equity credit” that is lower than the level or equivalent level of “equity credit” (or if the Notes have 
been partially or fully refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” 
from such Rating Agency in part or in full as a result, all or any of the Notes that would be assigned a 
level of “equity credit” that is lower than the level or equivalent level of “equity credit” as a result of 
such amendment, clarification or change in the “equity credit” criteria (or the application thereof) had 
they not been refinanced) assigned to the Notes by such Rating Agency on the Issue Date, or if such 
equity credit was not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the equity credit was assigned for the 
first time or (b) the period of time during which such Rating Agency assigned to the Notes a particular 
level of "equity credit" being shortened as compared to the period of time for which such Rating 
Agency did assigned to the Notes that level of "equity credit" on the Issue Date, or if such “equity 
credit” was not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the “equity credit” was assigned for the 
first time. 
7.6 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
(including by way of a tender and/or exchange offer) at any price, in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes, or cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 7.7. 
7.7 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
cancelled (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by 
surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in 
question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent. Any 
Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued 
or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
8.1 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Bearer Notes or Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders or (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to an account denominated in 
the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
8.2 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
8.6.5 or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8.6.5, as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a 
city where banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
8.3 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
8.4 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes are 
subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations, directives or orders of courts of competent 
jurisdiction applicable in respect of such payments to the Issuer, the relevant Paying Agent, the relevant 
Account Holder or, as the case may be, the person shown in the records of Euroclear France, Euroclear 
or Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9.  
8.5 
Appointment of agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base 
Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, 
the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act as independent experts and, in 
each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent,  the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent 
and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Fully 
Registered Notes, a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one 
major European city (which shall be Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris), (vi) a Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require and (vii) such other 
agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted 
to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 8.3 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 2.4 with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
8.6 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
8.6.1 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the 
amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, 
where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) that the 
sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
8.6.2 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Bearer Notes, unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
8.6.3 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
8.6.4 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
8.6.5 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest if applicable), shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Note. 
8.7 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 11), provided that, in respect of Notes admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always take place at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of 
the Paying Agents, as the case may be, in Paris. 
8.8 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
9. 
Taxation  
9.1 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
9.2 
Additional amounts: Should French law require that payments of principal or interest or other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever levied by the Republic of

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts 
("Additional Amounts") as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, 
if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
10. 
Enforcement Events, No Event of Default and No Cross-Default 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. There is no cross default under the Notes. 
However, each Note shall become immediately due and payable at its principal amount, together with 
accrued interest thereon, if any, to the date of payment and any Arrears of Interest (including any 
Additional Interest Amounts thereon), in the event that a judgement is rendered by any competent court 
for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the 
whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a 
judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or in the event of a voluntary dissolution of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above, other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an 
insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). In the 
event of liquidation of the Issuer, no payments will be made to holders of any class of the share capital of 
the Issuer before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all Noteholders have been paid by the Issuer. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the 
case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
12. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a Masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions 
of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 12. 
12.1 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
12.2 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative shall 
be: 
AETHER FINANCIAL SERVICES S.A.R.L 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris - France 
 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single 
Representative of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties, as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any, or another Representative 
may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the 
Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 12.8. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
12.3 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with 
the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
12.4 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by 
consent of the Noteholders pursuant to a consultation in writing (the "Consultation in Writing", as 
further described in Condition 12.4.2 below). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the rights 
of each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of 
such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set 
for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12.8. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
12.4.1 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be 
called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken 
by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes cast by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12.8 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) calendar day 
period on the first convocation and five (5) calendar day period on the second convocation preceding 
the holding of each General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will 
be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will 
be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a representative at 
the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting, 
the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, 
designate a provisional chairman for the purpose of the appropriate formalities. 
12.4.2 
Consultation in Writing and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of 
the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a 
Consultation in Writing.  
Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a 
Consultation in Writing may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent").  
Notices seeking the approval of Noteholders by way of a Consultation in Writing, which shall include 
the text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided 
under Condition 12.4.1 no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of 
such resolutions by way of a Consultation in Writing (the "Consultation in Writing Date"). Notices 
seeking the approval of Noteholders by way of a Consultation in Writing will contain the conditions of 
form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such proposed resolutions. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Consultation in Writing Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Consultation in 
Writing Date.  
Resolutions subject to a Consultation in Writing shall be approved, on first notice (i) by Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed resolutions hold at least one fifth of the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) by Noteholders expressing their approval hold 
at least 66.6 per cent. of such quorum. If such quorum is not met, a resolution by way of a Consultation 
in Writing will be approved, on second notice, by Noteholders expressing their approval representing at 
least 66.6 per cent. of all voting Noteholders. Approval of a resolution by way of a Consultation in 
Writing may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any resolution approved by way of a Consultation in 
Writing shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. The resolutions subject to a Consultation in Writing may be contained in one document, 
or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, 
and shall be published in accordance with Condition 12.8. 
12.5 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (providing for a prior 
approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the 
Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of 
the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
12.6 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
12.7 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for 
the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche or Series of Notes will be the single Representative of all such 
Series. 
12.8 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall 
hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
12.9 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be published on the 
website of Orange (http://www.orange.com) and, 
(iii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
(4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(iv) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' approval 
as per Condition 12, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9. Any Noteholder will then have the right 
to request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for 
redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the 
proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to 
Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de commerce. Such redemption offer 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9. If the Masse does not approve 
the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed with the transaction will be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9. 
12.10 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Notes 
purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and 
regulations that are held and not cancelled. 
13. 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and 
regulations, and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agents as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for such purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that 
if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Further issues and consolidation 
14.1 
Further issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such 
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount and the issue date specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further 
Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
14.2 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 
thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of 
one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally 
denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15. 
Notices 
15.1 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Registered Notes shall be valid if either (i) they are mailed to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the 
Issuer, they are published (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (b) in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or 
(c)  so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules 
applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
15.2 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall be valid if 
published (i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (ii) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (iii) so long as 
such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to 
such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to 
trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise 
required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
15.3 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
15.4 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15.1 and 15.2 
above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, notices shall be 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos) or in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) 
of the AMF, and (ii) so long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is 
expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, 
as the case may be. 
15.5 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 15 does not apply to notices relating to the convocation and 
decision(s) of the General Meetings or Consultation in Writing pursuant to Condition 12. 
16. 
Method of publication of the prospectus and the Final Terms 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market will always be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
Orange (www.orange.com). 
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than 
Euronext Paris, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and 
the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) such Regulated Market or (y) the 
competent authority of the Member State in the EEA where such Regulated Market is situated. 
17. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
17.1 
Governing law: The Notes (and, where applicable, Coupons and Talons) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
17.2 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be 
brought before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATE 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification as to 
non-US beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the 
Paying Agents). 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Bearer Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent (or its designated agent). In exchange for the Temporary 
Global Certificate so surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal requirements and requirements of the Regulated Market. Forms 
of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes shall be available at the specified offices of the designated Paying 
Agents. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day next succeeding the 
calendar day that is forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further 
Materialised Notes are issued prior to such calendar day pursuant to Condition 2, the Exchange Date for such 
Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) 
calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 30 June 2021 (as amended or 
supplemented as at the issue date, the "Dealer Agreement") between Orange, the Permanent Dealers and the 
Arrangers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis to the permanent dealers (the "Permanent Dealers"). 
However, Orange has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Permanent 
Dealers (together with the Permanent Dealers, the "Dealers"). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through 
the Dealers, acting as agents for the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Orange will pay each relevant Dealer the commission agreed between them in respect of the Notes subscribed 
by such Dealer. Orange has agreed to reimburse BNP Paribas and BofA Securities Europe SA as arrangers (the 
"Arrangers") for certain of their expenses incurred in connection with the update of the Programme and the 
Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
Orange has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended or supplemented in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, in 
particular following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief and in accordance with their professional duties) comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it acquires, purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale. 
None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued and placed with 
investors outside France.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II"); and/or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and under Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and that the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been 
and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including and corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of 
Japan.  
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until forty (40) calendar days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to 
the Fiscal Agent by the relevant Dealer, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong ("SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies  Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (Winding Up 
and Miscellaneous Provisions) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of 
that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under that Ordinance. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
offer or sell any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) 
except as permitted by the securities laws of the People's Republic of China. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
(the "SFA")) pursuant to Section274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person referred to in Section 
275(1) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures 
(Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 
2018; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 3237A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations Singapore 2018. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory 
of Canada and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not and will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Canada or to or for the benefit of residents of Canada, in contravention of the securities laws of any province or 
territory of Canada. Each Dealer has also agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree not to distribute this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in 
Canada except in compliance with the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018, has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") 
EITHER and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
"Brexit our approach to EU nonlegislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]3 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it formspart of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
                                                 
2  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
3  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore – The 
Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]4 
Final Terms dated [] 
ORANGE 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : 969500MCOONR8990S771 
 
Euro 35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
SERIES NO: [] 
TRANCHE NO: [] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which received approval n°21-268 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
("AMF") in France on 30 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received 
approval n°[] from the AMF on [] which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of (a) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) Orange ("the Issuer") (www.orange.com) and copies may be obtained at 
the registered office of Orange. [In addition5, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval n°[•] from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") in France on [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received 
approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which received approval n°21-268 
from the AMF on 30 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval 
n°[] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [•] which 
received approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which 
                                                 
4  
Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore through a financial institution operating in 
Singapore and (ii) the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
5  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
received approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•] are attached hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 
30 June 2021 which received approval n°21-268 from the AMF on 30 June 2021 and the Base Prospectus dated 
[•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the 
Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) 
Orange (the "Issuer") (www.orange.com) and copies may be obtained at the registered office of Orange. [In 
addition6, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing 
[at/on] []]. 
 
1. 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Orange 
2. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(if fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series, including the date 
on which the Notes become fungible).] 
 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the (insert description 
of the relevant Series) (the "Existing Notes") 
as from the date of assimilation which is 
expected to be on or about 40 calendar days 
after the Issue Date. 
3. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]7 (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 
7. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. 
                                                 
6  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris. 
7  
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and which 
have a maturity of less than one (1) year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
 
 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
 
 
[US CIP Linked Interest] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
11. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or any floating to fixed rate change occurs 
where applicable] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Option: 
[Put] 
 
 
[Call] 
[Make Whole Redemption] [will apply unless 
otherwise specified] 
[Pre-Maturity Call Option]  
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
[Clean-up] 
13. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated Notes 
 
(ii) 
Dates of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes: 
[Decision of the Board of Directors of Orange 
dated [●] and decision of the Chairman and 
CEO dated [●]]8 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified below / 
not adjusted]9 
                                                 
8  
Relevant only for Notes constituting obligations under French law.

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]10: 
[[] per [] in nominal amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] / Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - 
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]] 
 
 
(Day count fraction should be Actual-Actual-
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or RMB, unless 
agreed otherwise) 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) or for RMB Notes) 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the 
Calculation Agent)11: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
15. 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether LIBOR or EURIBOR or TEC 10 or 
CMS or any other reference rate that might 
replace them is the appropriate reference rate 
for Notes denominated in Euro) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
                                                                                                                                                        
 
 
9  
RMB Notes only. 
10  
Not applicable for RMB Notes. 
11  
RMB Notes only.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[FBF 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
FBF Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
 
 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable): 
[] 
 
 
FBF Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[] 
 
 
(if different from those set out in the 
Conditions) 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
calendar day in each Interest Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]][, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the [Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention].]] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
Reference Banks: 
[specify four] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[]

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [] per cent. per annum  
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - 
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]] 
 
(xiv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[] 
16. 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortization Yield:  
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - 
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]] 
17. 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Periods 
preceding the Switch Date (excluded): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 6.2, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Periods 
following the Switch Date (included): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition -6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 6.2, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
Minimum notice period required for notice from 
the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Applicable]] 
18. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
CPI, HICP or US CPI Linked Interest 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP - OPTION 1/HICP- OPTION 2/US 
CIP] 
 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent); 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] 
 
(v) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/US CIP] Daily Inflation Reference 
Index applicable on [specify date] (amounting 
to: []) 
 
(vi) 
Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - 
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]] 
 
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] 
 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] 
  
19. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
Minimum nominal amount to 
be redeemed: 
[] 
 
 
Maximum nominal amount to 
be redeemed: 
[]

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[] 
 
(v) 
Description of any other Issuer's 
option: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[] 
20. 
 
Make-Whole Redemption (Condition 7.2.2 ) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:12 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified (if other 
than set out in Condition 7.2.2): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
[Reference Screen Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(v) 
Reference Security: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
Minimum nominal amount to 
be redeemed: 
[] 
 
 
Maximum nominal amount to 
be redeemed: 
[] 
21. 
 
Pre-Maturity Call Option (Condition 7.2.3) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Pre-Maturity Call Option Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
22. 
 
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 7.2.4) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[As per the Conditions] / [] 
23. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
                                                 
12  If setting notice periods which are different from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Description 
of 
any 
other 
Noteholders' option: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[] 
24. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[] 
per 
Note 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]/[As 
provided 
below 
for 
Inflation Linked Notes] 
25. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Final Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP - OPTION 1/HICP - OPTION 2/US 
CPI] 
 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 
7.4 
applies]/[Condition 
7.4(b) 
applies (with respect to HICP - OPTION 2)] 
 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP - OPTION 1/ HICP - OPTION 
2/US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: []) 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
26. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or an event 
of default: 
[]/[As provided below for Inflation Linked 
Notes]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for illegality reasons: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption 
(Bearer Notes only): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
27. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Early Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP - OPTION 1/HICP - OPTION 2/US 
CPI]

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 7.5.2 applies]/[Condition 7.5.2(b) 
applies (with respect to HICP - OPTION 2)] 
 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference 
Index applicable on [specify date] (amounting 
to: []) 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes / Materialised Notes, 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)]  
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable / Dematerialised Bearer Notes 
(au porteur)/Dematerialised Fully Registered 
Notes (au nominatif pur) / Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Notes (au nominatif 
administré)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, 
address and details] (Note that a Registration 
Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Dematerialised Registered Notes only)] 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Bearer Notes on [] (the "Exchange Date"), 
being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) 
Materialised Note Agent: 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, 
address and details] (Note that a Materialised 
Note Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Materialised Notes) 
 
(v) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C 
Rules/D 
Rules/Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
29. 
 
Identification information of Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 2.1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
 
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/specify any other financial 
centres]. Note that this item relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which items 14(viii) and 15(iv) 
relate]] 
31. 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to the Materialised Notes)

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
32. 
 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]] [annexed to these Final Terms] apply] 
33. 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]][annexed to these Final Terms] apply] 
34. 
 
Masse: 
Name and address of the Representative: []  
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes 
described herein pursuant to the Euro [•],000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
 
Signed on behalf of Orange: 
 
Duly represented by:

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission 
to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / [] (specify 
relevant regulated market and any third country market, 
SME growth market or multilateral trading facility) with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already listed and/or admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, 
to 
the 
knowledge 
of 
the 
Issuer, securities of the 
same class of the Notes 
to 
be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
are 
already 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on []/Not 
Applicable]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
Existing Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
Ratings  
 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are expected to be rated]: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []][[Other]:  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]] 
[[Each of] [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")], [Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
("Moody's")] [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")] [and [●]] is established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, 
[each of] [S&P], [Moody's] [Fitch] [and [●]] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
[[Each of] [●] [and [●]] is established in the European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended, although the result of such applications has not been 
determined.] 
 
[[None of [●] and] [●] is [not] established in the European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the [issue/offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: ["So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]/[][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. 
When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
Third party information and statement by experts and declarations of any interest 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of 
the information. 
5. 
Reasons for the Offer and estimated net proceeds 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for [its general corporate purposes/specify any other 
reasons.]]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[Green 
Bonds]/[Social 
Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]/[•] and the net proceeds will be 
used to finance and/or refinance [in whole or in part] one or more 
of the projects included in the [Green Eligible Projects]/[Social 
Eligible Projects]/[Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible 
Projects] pursuant to the Framework which is available on the 
website of the Issuer ([•]) and described below: 
[Describe specific projects included in the Green Eligible 
Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained]] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds: 
[] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
 
[(If the Notes are securities giving rise to payment or delivery 
obligations linked to an underlying to which Annex 17 of the 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 applies it is only necessary 
to include disclosure of net proceeds at (ii) above where 
disclosure is included at (i) above.)] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes Only - Yield

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
7. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - Information on Floating rate Notes 
Performance of interest rates: 
Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR/TEC 
10/CMS or any other reference rate that might replace 
them] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge 
from [•]/give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance].] 
8. 
[Notes linked to a Benchmark only - Benchmark 
[Not Applicable]/[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify the 
applicable benchmark] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
9. 
[Inflation-Linked Notes only—Performance of index and Other Information13 
[Need to include the name of the Inflation Index and an indication of where to obtain by electronic 
means information about the past and the future performance of the Inflation Index and its volatility, 
and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.] 
[When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information.]]   
10. 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
[FISN Code:  
[[•]14/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the FISN is not required 
or requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".)]] 
 
[CFI Code:  
[[•]15/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the CFI is not required 
or requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".)] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
                                                 
 
14   See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
15   See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to 
act 
as 
Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) 
Common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream: 
[Yes/No]  
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agents: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agents (if any): 
[] (Insert name of Materialised Note Agent here if Notes are 
Materialised Notes) 
 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [] producing a 
sum of: 
[] 
11. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method 
of 
distribution 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names 
of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
In case of RMB issues underwritten on a several and not joint 
basis, 
include 
appropriate 
disclosure 
of 
underwriting 
commitments and arrangements.) 
 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (including 
addresses) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018, has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") 
EITHER and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]16 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
"Brexit our approach to EU nonlegislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]17 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it formspart of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
                                                 
16  Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
17  The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore – The 
Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]18 
Final Terms dated [] 
ORANGE 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : 969500MCOONR8990S771 
 
Euro 35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
SERIES NO: [] 
TRANCHE NO: [] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which received approval n°21-268 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
("AMF") in France on 30 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received 
approval n°[] from the AMF on [] which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of (a) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) Orange ("the Issuer") (www.orange.com) and copies may be obtained at 
the registered office of Orange. [In addition19, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval n°[•] from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") in France on [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received 
approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which received approval n°21-268 
from the AMF on 30 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval 
n°[] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [•] which 
received approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which 
                                                 
18  Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore through a financial institution operating in 
Singapore and (ii) the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
19  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
received approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•] are attached hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 
30 June 2021 which received approval n°21-268 from the AMF on 30 June 2021 and the Base Prospectus dated 
[•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the 
Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) 
Orange (the "Issuer") (www.orange.com) and copies may be obtained at the registered office of Orange. [In 
addition20, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing 
[at/on] []]. 
 
1. 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Orange 
2. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(if fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series, including the date 
on which the Notes become fungible).] 
 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the (insert description 
of the relevant Series) (the "Existing Notes") 
as from the date of assimilation which is 
expected to be on or about 40 calendar days 
after the Issue Date. 
3. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]
21
 (one 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes) 
7. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
 
 
[Resettable Rate] 
                                                 
20  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris. 
21  
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and which 
have a maturity of less than one (1) year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
 
Deferral of Interest - Optional Interest Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par/Not Applicable] 
12. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or any floating to fixed rate change occurs 
where applicable] 
13. 
 
Call Options: 
[Optional Redemption] 
 
 
[Make Whole Redemption] [will apply unless 
otherwise specified] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Redemption following an Accounting Event] 
 
 
[Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating 
Event] 
[Redemption following a Gross-Up Event] 
[Redemption following a Withholding Tax 
Event] 
[Redemption following a Tax Deduction Event] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Subordinated Notes (specify details for any 
provisions of Subordinated Notes notably 
whether dated or undated) 
 
(ii) 
Dates of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes: 
[Decision of the Board of Directors of Orange 
dated [●] and decision of the Chairman and 
CEO dated [●]]22 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
                                                 
22  
Relevant only for Notes constituting obligations under French law.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified below / 
not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per [] in nominal amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] / Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - 
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]] 
 
 
(Day count fraction should be Actual-Actual-
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, unless agreed 
otherwise) 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
16. 
 
Resettable Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] 
in 
[arrear/advance]] 
 
(ii) 
Broken Amount: 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Margin(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and ending 
on [●] 
 
(v) 
First Resettable Note Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(vi) 
Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - 
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]] 
 
(viii) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(x) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Subsequent 
Resettable 
Note 
Reset Dates: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate] 
 
(xiv) 
Original Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]23 
 
(xviii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(xix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
17. 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether LIBOR or EURIBOR or any other 
reference rate that might replace them is the 
appropriate 
reference 
rate 
for 
Notes 
denominated in Euro) 
                                                 
23 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[FBF 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
FBF Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
 
 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable): 
[] 
 
 
FBF Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[] 
 
 
(if different from those set out in the 
Conditions) 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
calendar day in each Interest Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]][, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the [Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention].]]

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
Reference Banks: 
[specify four] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [] per cent. per annum  
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 - 
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]] 
 
(xiv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[] 
18. 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Periods 
preceding the Switch Date (excluded): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 6.3, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Periods 
following the Switch Date (included): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 6.3, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
Minimum notice period required for notice from 
the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
  
19. 
 
Optional Redemption (Condition 7.2.1) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Residual Redemption Period: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Residual Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
 
(v) 
Description of any other Issuer's 
option: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[] 
20. 
 
Make-Whole Redemption (Condition 7.2.2) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:24 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified (if other 
than set out in Condition 7.2.2): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin(s): 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Security: 
[] 
21. 
 
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 7.2.3) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[As per the Conditions] / [] 
22. 
 
Redemption 
following 
a 
Gross-Up 
Event 
(Condition 7.3.1) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
 
Redemption following a Withholding Tax Event 
(Condition 7.3.2) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
 
Redemption following a Tax Deduction Event 
(Condition 7.3.3) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25. 
 
Redemption following an Accounting Event 
(Condition 7.4) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                 
24  If setting notice periods which are different from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(i) 
Accouting Treatment: 
[Liability]/[Equity]/[] 
26. 
 
Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating 
Event (Condition 7.5) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
27. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[] 
per 
Note 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]/[Not Applicable] 
28. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons: 
[]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
in case of the exercise of the 
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 
7.2.3) 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
following an Accounting Event 
(Condition 7.4) 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
following 
an 
Equity 
Credit 
Rating Event (Condition 7.5) 
[] 
 
(v) 
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption 
(Bearer Notes only): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes / Materialised Notes, 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)]  
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable / Dematerialised Bearer Notes 
(au porteur)/Dematerialised Fully Registered 
Notes (au nominatif pur) / Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Notes (au nominatif 
administré)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, 
address and details] (Note that a Registration 
Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Dematerialised Registered Notes only)] 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Bearer Notes on [] (the "Exchange Date"), 
being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(iv) 
Materialised Note Agent: 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, 
address and details] (Note that a Materialised 
Note Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Materialised Notes) 
 
(v) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C 
Rules/D 
Rules/Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
30. 
 
Identification information of Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 2.1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
31. 
 
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/specify any other financial 
centres]. Note that this item relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which items 14(viii), 15(ix) and 
16(iv) relate]] 
32. 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to the Materialised Notes) 
33. 
 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]] [annexed to these Final Terms] apply] 
34. 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]][annexed to these Final Terms] apply] 
35. 
 
Masse: 
Name and address of the Representative: []  
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes 
described herein pursuant to the Euro [•],000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
 
Signed on behalf of Orange: 
 
Duly represented by:

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission 
to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / [] (specify 
relevant regulated market and any third country market, 
SME growth market or multilateral trading facility) with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already listed and/or admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, 
to 
the 
knowledge 
of 
the 
Issuer, securities of the 
same class of the Notes 
to 
be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
are 
already 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on []/Not 
Applicable]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
Existing Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
Ratings  
 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are expected to be rated]: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []][[Other]:  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]] 
[[Each of] [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")], [Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
("Moody's")] [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")] [and [●]] is established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, 
[each of] [S&P], [Moody's] [Fitch] [and [●]] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
[[Each of] [●] [and [●]] is established in the European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended, although the result of such applications has not been 
determined.] 
 
[[None of [●] and] [●] is [not] established in the European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[The following paragraphs in italics do not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.  
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming any legal or contractual obligation) that it will only 
redeem or repurchase the Notes to the extent that the part of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes to be redeemed or repurchased which was assigned “equity credit” (or such similar 
nomenclature used by [S&P] from time to time) at the time of the issuance of the Notes does not exceed 
such part of the net proceeds received by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer on or prior to the 
date of such redemption or repurchase from the sale or issuance of securities by the Issuer or such 
subsidiary to third party purchasers (other than group entities of the Issuer) which is assigned by S&P 
“equity credit” (or such similar nomenclature used by [S&P] from time to time), at the time of sale or 
issuance of such securities (but taking into account any changes in hybrid capital methodology or 
another relevant methodology or the interpretation thereof since the issuance of the Notes), unless: 
(i) 
the rating (or such equivalent nomenclature then used by [S&P]) assigned by [S&P] to the 
Issuer is at least equal to the rating on the date of the last additional hybrid issuance 
(excluding refinancing) and the Issuer is comfortable that such rating would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or 
(ii) 
in the case of repurchase of less than (x) 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes originally issued in any period of 12 consecutive months or (y) 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally issued in any period of 10 consecutive 
years is repurchased; or  
(iii) 
in the case of repurchase, such repurchase would cause the Issuer’s outstanding hybrid 
securities which are assigned equity credit by [S&P] to remain below the maximum aggregate 
principal amount of hybrid securities which [S&P], under its then prevailing methodology, 
would assign equity credit to based on the Issuer’s adjusted total capitalisation; or 
(iv) 
the Notes are redeemed pursuant to a Equity Credit Rating Event, an Accounting Event, a Tax 
Deduction Event, or a Gross-Up Event; or  
(v) 
the Notes are not assigned an "equity credit" (or such similar nomenclature then used by 
[S&P]) at the time of such redemption or repurchase; or  
(vi) 
such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after [•].] 
3. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the [issue/offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: ["So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]/[][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. 
When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
Third party information and statement by experts and declarations of any interest 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of 
the information. 
5. 
Reasons for the Offer and estimated net proceeds 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for [its general corporate purposes/specify any other 
reasons.]]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[Green 
Bonds]/[Social 
Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]/[•] and the net proceeds will be 
used to finance and/or refinance [in whole or in part] one or more 
of the projects included in the [Green Eligible Projects]/[Social 
Eligible Projects]/[Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible 
Projects] pursuant to the Framework which is available on the 
website of the Issuer ([•]) and described below: 
[Describe specific projects included in the Green Eligible 
Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained]] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds: 
[] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
 
[(If the Notes are securities giving rise to payment or delivery 
obligations linked to an underlying to which Annex 17 of the 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 applies it is only necessary 
to include disclosure of net proceeds at (ii) above where 
disclosure is included at (i) above.)] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes Only - Yield 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
7. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - Information on Floating rate Notes 
Performance of interest rates: 
Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR or any 
other reference rate that might replace them] rates can 
be obtained, [but not] free of charge from [•]/give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance].] 
8. 
[Notes linked to a Benchmark only - Benchmark 
[Not Applicable]/[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify the 
applicable benchmark] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
9. 
Operational Information

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
[FISN Code:  
[[•]25/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the FISN is not required 
or requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".)]] 
 
[CFI Code:  
[[•]26/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the CFI is not required 
or requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".)] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to 
act 
as 
Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) 
Common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream: 
[Yes/No]  
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agents: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agents (if any): 
[] (Insert name of Materialised Note Agent here if Notes are 
Materialised Notes) 
 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [] producing a 
sum of: 
[] 
10. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method 
of 
distribution 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names 
of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
 
 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (including 
addresses) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
                                                 
25   See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
26   See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Notes either (i) for general corporate purposes 
including for the financing or the refinancing of its current indebtedness or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, new or existing Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects, as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms and described in the Issuer's sustainability financing framework (as may be amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Framework"), which is available on the Issuer's website 
(https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=a379c472-d1d5-4bcc-ab11-
e4ecb7f0d665&srchEv=true&srchQy=vigeo&srchTp=all&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76). If, in 
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects. The Issuer will apply processes for project 
evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting consistent with guidelines set out in the Green 
Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the 
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), as they may be further updated. 
In that context and in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, and as further described in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or indirectly, 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects as defined in 
the relevant Final Terms with reference to the relevant Framework or sections thereof. 
The Framework describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and 
the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes. It is also specified 
that the providers of such second party opinion and verification are and will be independent experts. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall 
be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content.  
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") on the 
Framework, assessing the environmental, social and sustainability added value of the Framework and its 
alignment with the ICMA's Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines. 
This 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=7c4a424c-1fe6-4cf5-97da-
301ef4b1b78f&srchEv=true&srchQy=vigeo&srchTp=all&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76). It may 
by further updated or expended to reflect evolution in market practices, regulation and in the Issuer’s activities. 
Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion, or any new Second Party Opinion, to be provided following an 
amendment to the Framework, the publication of a new Framework or in application of any new legislation or 
regulation, will be made available on the Issuer's website. 
Neither the Second Party Opinion nor the Framework is incorporated in, and they do not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance investments in Green 
Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, investors are 
advised to consult the Framework for further information.

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
For a general description of the Group, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the sections and 
pages of the 2020 Universal Registration Document identified in the cross-reference table of the "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
For the recent developments relating to the Issuer, please refer to the pages of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document referred to in item 4.1.5. of the cross-reference table of the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
section of this Base Prospectus which are completed as follows: 
1°) The following press release dated 12 April 2021 has been published by the Issuer: 
 
"Orange partners with APG for the deployment of an additional 1.7m FTTH plugs in Poland 
through a 50-50 joint venture valued at 605 million euros  
 
Orange Polska announced today the creation of a FiberCo co-owned (50-50) with APG. This 
joint venture aims to support the rollout of fiber in Poland, in areas where access to very 
high-speed broadband infrastructure is limited or inexistent. The FiberCo integrates 2.4 
million lines, including 1.7 million households that will be deployed over the next five years.  
 
This transaction values the joint venture at 2,748 million PLN (605 million euros) following a 
competitive process aimed at seeking out a long-term partner. As a result, Orange Polska 
will receive 1,374 million PLN (303 million euros) from APG, of which 65% will be transferred 
on closing and the rest between 2022 and 2026 as the deployment plan advances.  
 
This project will allow Orange Polska to pursue its ambitious fiber-optic rollout strategy by 
sharing investment costs.  
 Click here for further details. 
 
This announcement follows other Orange Group announcements including the creation of 
Orange Concessions in January 2021 and the outline of the European Towerco Totem in 
February 2021. As such, Orange continues to deploy its infrastructure strategy as set-out in 
its Engage 2025 plan. 
 
Commenting on the partnership in Poland, Mari-Noëlle Jégo-Laveissière, Deputy CEO of 
Orange in charge of European Operations (outside France), said: “This partnership with 
APG is excellent news for Orange Polska. APG is a global leader in infrastructure 
management and will provide us with the financial backing necessary to achieve our 
ambitious five-year fiber roll-out program in Poland. Together we will be able to bring fiber to 
an additional 1.7 million homes mainly in areas that still lack reliable internet access across 
the country. This ambition will be backed with a tried-and-tested business model that aims to 
maximize available revenues by opening-up wholesale access to third-party operators. This 
is a clear win-win for everybody that will also contribute to social and economic development 
in the country.” 
 
Ramon Fernandez, Delegate CEO of Orange in charge of Finance, Performance and 
Development, commented: “I am delighted that Orange, as Europe’s leading player in the 
FTTH fiber market and one of the largest mobile network operators, has successfully 
brought to fruition its three major infrastructure projects, delivering on the commitment made 
in our Engage 2025 strategic plan. These projects clearly underline the value of our network 
assets, which have been shown to be so crucial during the ongoing pandemic. By creating 
these independent structures, we are strengthening our leadership and fostering sustainable 
value creation through an optimized infrastructure management and improved customer 
service.” 
 
Orange’s other infrastructure projects include:  
 Orange Concessions: Orange announced the creation of its French FiberCo in 
January 2021 bringing together 4.5 million fiber plugs in rural France. Click here for 
further details.

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 Totem: Orange’s wholly-owned European TowerCo bringing together passive-
infrastructure assets in its mobile networks in France and Spain. Click here for further 
details." 
 
2°) The following press release dated 22 April 2021 has been published by the Issuer: 
 
"Financial information at 31 March 2021 
 
Excellent sales momentum across the Group, underpinning the 
stabilization of EBITDAaL 
 
Revenue growth primarily driven by strong performance in Africa & Middle East 
 
In millions of euros 
1Q 2021 
1Q 2020 
comparable 
basis 
1Q 2020 
historical 
basis 
change 
comparable 
basis 
change 
historical 
basis 
Revenues 
10,315 
10,265 
10,394 
0.5% 
(0.8)% 
EBITDAaL 
2,565 
2,573 
2,601 
(0.3)% 
(1.4)% 
eCAPEX (excluding licenses) 
1,760 
1,566 
1,580 
12.4% 
11.4% 
EBITDAaL – eCAPEX 
805 
1,007 
1,021 
(20.1)% 
(21.2)% 
 
Orange group revenues were up 0.5%27 in Q1 2021 thanks to the recovery of equipment 
sales and an excellent performance in fixed broadband and IT & Integration services. 
Growth was primarily driven by Africa & Middle East, which posted its best first quarterly 
performance in 10 years (up 7.1%), and by Other European countries 28 (up 2.2%). The 
Enterprise segment returned to modest growth (+0.4%), while France was resilient (-0.2%) 
and Spain remained markedly negative (-7.4%). 
Group EBITDAaL edged down very slightly (-0.3%) in a quarter impacted by the health crisis 
throughout, which was not the case in Q1 2020. 
Q1 eCAPEX was in line with the Group’s targets for 2021. This increased by 12.4% versus 
Q1 2020, mainly due to Network investments and fewer asset disposals.  
Orange again delivered a very robust commercial performance, setting a new record for first-
quarter FttH net adds.  
IT & Integration services posted strong growth, including 16% year-on-year revenue growth 
at Orange Cyberdefense.  
5G packages are now available in five countries. In France, Orange now covers 239 
municipalities with 5G. 
 
 
                                                 
27 Unless otherwise stated, changes are on a comparable basis. 
28 Europe excluding Spain

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Commenting on the publication of these results, Stéphane Richard, Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer of the Orange group, said: 
“In spite of the effects of the health crisis which remained significant in the first quarter, the 
Group demonstrated its resilience, maintaining revenue growth (+0.5%) and stabilizing 
EBITDAal (-0.3%). Revenues in particular were sustained by the remarkable performance in 
Africa and the Middle East where Orange posted growth of more than 7% and passed the 
threshold of 130 million mobile customers. Growth reached 2.2% in the Europe segment 
excluding the Spanish market where recovery remains a priority. The Enterprise segment 
continues to improve following the difficulties faced in the second half of 2020 resulting from 
the first lockdown period. IT and integration services also advanced strongly, primarily in 
Cloud Computing, and Digital and Data, which saw annual revenue increases of 5% and 
11% respectively. 
In France our commercial performance was very solid and we set a new record for net FttH 
sales in a first quarter, which allowed us to reach almost 5 million fiber customers. In 
addition, Orange Bank now has 1.5 million customers in Europe and over 500,000 
customers in Africa.  
Our 5G services are already available in five countries with France now offering coverage in 
239 municipalities. Strong demand for 5G-compatible smartphones augers well for the 
adoption of this new technology by our customers. 
Thanks to the signing of a Fiberco project partnership in Poland, we are continuing to roll-out 
our infrastructure strategy, just as we have done with Orange Concessions and Totem, our 
European TowerCo. All the objectives that we announced in this regard a year ago will be 
delivered as planned and under excellent financial conditions.  
Finally, I'm proud to be able to underline that Orange has continued to show it can rise to its 
responsibilities in the face of the health crisis thanks to the power of its networks and the 
commitment of its employees, to whom I extend my warmest thanks.”

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Comments on Group key figures 
Revenue 
Orange group revenues reached 10.3 billion euros in Q1 2021, up +0.5% year-on-year on a comparable basis 
despite the health crisis, which impacted the entire quarter, as opposed to just two weeks in Q1 2020. Growth 
was fueled by equipment sales, which were up +10.8%, fixed broadband services, up +5.3%, and IT and 
integration services, up +5.1%. In contrast, roaming revenue was down sharply (-31.1% year-on-year) as a result 
of ongoing travel restrictions.  
Africa & Middle East, where revenue increased by +7.1%, was the main driver of this growth. Poland also 
performed well, with growth of +4.1%. 
Customer base growth 
There were 11.13 million convergent customers Group-wide at March 31, 2021, up +2.8% year-on-year. 
Mobile services recorded 216.6 million access lines at March 31, 2021, up +1.2% year-on-year, including 78.0 
million contracts, up +0.9%. 
Fixed services had 45.0 million access lines at March 31, 2021, down -0.3% year-on-year. The number of fixed 
narrowband access lines was down -3.5%, while the number of very high-speed fixed broadband access lines 
continued to grow (+6.2%), delivering very good results, particularly in France and Poland. 
Mobile financial services expanded their customer base, integrating nearly 300,000 business customers. This 
brought the total to 1.5 million customers in Europe and over 500,000 for Orange Bank Africa. 
EBITDAaL 
Group EBITDAaL amounted to 2.56 billion euros in Q1 2021, down -0.3% with roaming revenues declining 42 
million euros year on year.  
EBITDAaL from telecom activities was 2.59 billion euros, down -0.6%.  
eCAPEX 
Group eCAPEX for the first quarter reached 1.8 billion euros, up 194 million euros mainly due to the reduction in 
asset disposals, but also owing to the ramp-up in investments that were slowed in Q1 2020 as a result of the 
health crisis. The acceleration was particularly marked in France and Africa & Middle East. 
As of March 31, 2021, Orange recorded 49.3 million households worldwide connectable to FttH (up 22.2% year-
on-year) and over 50 million households connectable to very high-speed broadband (FttH and cable). 
In Q1 2021 Orange continued to roll out its infrastructure strategy as set out in its Engage 2025 plan. Following 
the creation of Orange Concessions in January 2021 and the launch of its European TowerCo TOTEM in 
February, the Group announced on April 12, 2021 the creation of a FiberCo in Poland that will support the rollout 
of optical fiber in areas with limited or no access to very high-speed infrastructure. The FiberCo, valued at launch 
at 605 million euros, will include 2.4 million lines, including 1.7 million to be rolled out over the coming five years. 
Changes in asset portfolio 
There were no significant changes in the asset portfolio in Q1 2021. 
Following its announcement on December 2, 2020, on April 8, 2021 Orange SA launched a conditional voluntary 
public tender offer to purchase a 47.09% equity stake in Orange Belgium at a price of 22 euros per share. The 
offer, the prospectus for which has been approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority 
(FSMA), will be open until April 23, 2021. 
 
Outlook for 2021 
The Group is maintaining its financial targets for 2021 as announced on February 18, 2021, namely: 
 stable but negative EBITDAaL,  
 eCAPEX of 7.6-7.7 billion euros, 
 organic cash flow from telecoms activities over 2.2 billion euros,

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 ratio of net debt to EBITDAaL for telecoms activities maintained at around 2x in the medium 
term. 
As a reminder, these targets take into account the allocation of the 2.2 billion euro tax refund received at the end 
of 2020 after the French Council of State found in the Group’s favor in a long-running tax dispute, which is 
intended to generate added value for the Group in the long term but will have an impact on short-term targets.  
Dividend 
As already announced, in respect of 2020, the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting of May 18, 2021 will vote 
on a dividend payment of 0.70 euros per share plus 0.20 euros per share linked to the French Council of State’s 
favorable decision in the matter of a long-running tax dispute as mentioned above. Taking into account the 0.40 
euro interim dividend paid on December 9, 2020, the balance of the dividend to be proposed to the AGM will be 
0.50 euros per share, to be paid in cash on June 17, 2021. The ex-dividend date will be June 15, 2021. 
In respect of the 2021 financial year, a dividend of 0.70 euros per share will be proposed to the 2022 Annual 
General Shareholders’ Meeting. An interim dividend of 0.30 euros per share will be paid in December 2021. 
 
___________________________________________________________________________________ 
The Board of Directors of Orange SA met on April 21, 2021 to review the consolidated financial results for the 
three months to March 31, 2021.  
More detailed information on the Group’s financial results and performance indicators is available on the Orange 
website https://www.orange.com/en/consolidated-results.

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Review by operating segment 
France 
 
In millions of euros 
1Q 2021 
1Q 2020 
comparable 
basis 
1Q 2020 
historical 
basis 
change 
comparable 
basis 
change 
historical 
basis 
Revenues 
4,404 
4,415 
4,431 
(0.2)% 
(0.6)% 
Retail services 
2,688 
2,692 
2,692 
(0.2)% 
(0.2)% 
Convergent services 
1,154 
1,137 
1,137 
1.5% 
1.5% 
Mobile Only 
559 
563 
565 
(0.7)% 
(1.0)% 
Fixed Only 
975 
993 
991 
(1.8)% 
(1.6)% 
Wholesale 
1,286 
1,319 
1,336 
(2.5)% 
(3.7)% 
Equipment sales 
269 
252 
252 
6.6% 
6.6% 
Other revenues 
162 
151 
151 
6.9% 
7.2% 
 
Good performance in convergence and fiber  
 
Q1 2021 continued to be affected by health related restrictions, including the closure of approximately one-third 
of our stores representing 40% of our sales. 
Despite the unfavorable comparison base to a Q1 2020 that was still relatively unaffected by the health crisis, 
Orange France reported a very limited decline in revenue, which would have been virtually stable had it not been 
for the effect of promotions on digital content offers.  
Revenue from retail services, excluding digital content offers, was up +0.1% thanks to the good commercial 
performance of fiber and convergent services, which more than offset the structural decline in PSTN and the 
negative impact of the crisis on customer roaming. Excluding digital content offers and PSTN, revenue from retail 
services rose +1.9%. 
Equipment sales were growing again, boosted by the release of new 5G devices. 
Wholesale revenues decreased mainly due to the drop in national roaming and the structural decline in copper 
network revenues due to the success of fiber.  
On a commercial level, convergent ARPO was once again up year on year (+0.20 euros), excluding digital 
content offers, despite the drop in roaming and content-related revenue. 
With +32,000 net additions, mobile contracts (excluding M2M) held up well in a very intense competitive 
environment at the entry level, without jeopardizing price stability for the main offers.  
Fiber continues to perform very well with +385,000 net additions, a record for a first quarter and close to the all-
time high of +388,000 net adds recorded in Q4 2020. Over one year, Orange recorded nearly 1.4 million new 
FttH customers, up 38.9%.

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Europe 
 
In millions of euros 
1Q 2021 
1Q 2020 
comparable 
basis 
1Q 2020 
historical 
basis 
change 
comparable 
basis 
change 
historical 
basis 
Revenues 
2,583 
2,646 
2,685 
(2.4)% 
(3.8)% 
Retail services 
1,727 
1,808 
1,831 
(4.5)% 
(5.7)% 
Convergent services 
666 
690 
695 
(3.6)% 
(4.2)% 
Mobile Only 
719 
772 
781 
(6.9)% 
(8.0)% 
Fixed Only 
265 
274 
280 
(3.3)% 
(5.3)% 
IT & Integration services 
77 
71 
74 
7.7% 
3.9% 
Wholesale 
454 
471 
478 
(3.7)% 
(5.1)% 
Equipment sales 
368 
323 
331 
14.2% 
11.3% 
Other revenues 
34 
44 
45 
(22.9)% 
(24.6)% 
 
Solid commercial performance with an improving trend, although Q1 revenue 
remained under pressure due to Spain 
 
Revenue from Europe (including Spain, Poland, Belgium and Luxembourg, Romania, Slovakia and Moldova) was 
again down in Q1 2021, but the decline was significantly less than in Q4 2020. This development was due to 
Spain, where revenues fell 7.4% year on year while revenues from Other European countries rose 2.2% including 
a particularly strong performance in Poland, up 4.1%.  
The decline in retail services (-4.5%) accounts for most of this change and was only partially offset by the strong 
rebound in equipment sales (+14.2%). Wholesale services revenues fell 3.7% due to the decrease in roaming. 
The commercial performance remained positive in Europe, with +64,000 mobile contracts net additions 
excluding M2M and +62,000 of fixed broadband, including 126,000 FttH connections. 
 
In Spain, revenue continued to deteriorate, particularly in retail services which declined 10.2% year on year 
principally due to the impact of the repricing of our existing customer base in H2 2020. Wholesale services 
revenues were also down 2.3%. 
The repositioning of our offers resulted in a positive commercial performance in Spain for the third consecutive 
quarter, with +10,000 net additions in convergent services, +49,000 in FttH and +24,000 in mobile contracts 
excluding M2M.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Africa & Middle East 
 
In millions of euros 
1Q 2021 
1Q 2020 
comparable 
basis 
1Q 2020 
historical 
basis 
change 
comparable 
basis 
change 
historical 
basis 
Revenues 
1,488 
1,389 
1,445 
7.1% 
3.0% 
Retail services 
1,301 
1,185 
1,233 
9.8% 
5.5% 
Mobile Only 
1,137 
1,047 
1,094 
8.5% 
3.9% 
Fixed Only 
160 
131 
133 
21.8% 
20.4% 
IT & Integration services 
4 
6 
6 
(31.2)% 
(32.0)% 
Wholesale 
153 
173 
181 
(11.3)% 
(15.1)% 
Equipment sales 
24 
21 
20 
15.4% 
19.4% 
Other revenues 
9 
10 
10 
(6.1)% 
(11.3)% 
 
Consistently excellent commercial performance  
 
Africa & Middle-East first-quarter revenues continued to show strong growth driven by mobile data, Orange 
Money and fixed broadband: 
 
The 4G customer base reached 36.1 million, an increase of 36.0% in one year; 
 
The fixed broadband customer base grew 38.4% year on year to 1.8 million customers, with revenue 
up 38.2%; 
 
Orange Money continued its strong growth with revenues up 18.9%. The customer base grew to 22 
million active customers, an 18% increase year on year. 
The mobile customer base grew 6.0% year on year to 130.9 million customers.  
This exceptional growth was driven principally by the Sonatel and Côte d’Ivoire sub-groups and 
by Egypt. Half the countries in the region posted double-digit revenue growth with particularly 
strong performances in Guinea, Burkina Faso, Mali and Cameroon.

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Enterprise 
 
In millions of euros 
1Q 2021 
1Q 2020 
comparable 
basis 
1Q 2020 
historical 
basis 
change 
comparable 
basis 
change 
historical 
basis 
Revenues 
1,907 
1,900 
1,934 
0.4% 
(1.4)% 
Fixed Only 
918 
953 
974 
(3.7)% 
(5.7)% 
Voice 
288 
303 
307 
(4.9)% 
(6.0)% 
Data 
630 
650 
667 
(3.2)% 
(5.6)% 
IT & Integration services 
769 
723 
737 
6.4% 
4.4% 
Mobile* 
220 
223 
223 
(1.3)% 
(1.4)% 
Mobile Only 
157 
163 
166 
(3.9)% 
(5.2)% 
Wholesale 
12 
10 
10 
19.1% 
19.1% 
Equipment sales 
52 
50 
48 
3.2% 
7.6% 
 
Return to revenue growth due to the strong rebound in IT and integration services 
 
Continuing the trend seen since Q3 2020, the Enterprise segment returned to growth thanks to a strong recovery 
in IT and integration services revenues, driven by revenues from both Cybersecurity which was up 16% year on 
year and Cloud services up +5%. 
Revenues from IT & Integration services now account for over 40% of total revenues in the business segment. 
This performance offset the decline in Mobile29, which continued to be impacted by the decline in roaming, 
traditional voice services, as well as Data, which continues to suffer from event cancellations due to the health 
crisis. 
                                                 
Mobile revenues include mobile services and mobile equipment sales invoiced to businesses and incoming 
mobile traffic from businesses invoiced to other carriers.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
International Carriers & Shared Services 
 
In millions of euros 
1Q 2021 
1Q 2020 
comparable 
basis 
1Q 2020 
historical 
basis 
change 
comparable 
basis 
change 
historical 
basis 
Revenues 
364 
374 
374 
(2.5)% 
(2.5)% 
Wholesale 
255 
272 
271 
(6.3)% 
(5.9)% 
Other revenues 
109 
101 
103 
7.8% 
6.6% 
 
Revenue from International Carriers and Shared Services fell 2.5%.  
Services to international carriers continued to be heavily impacted by the health crisis and the ongoing 
restrictions on international travel, with a decline in voice services and a transformation of usage to the benefit of 
OTT operators.  
Other revenues grew due to Orange Marine, driven by its new Survey business, and despite the content 
business continuing to be impacted by cinema closures and the release postponement of several films. 
 
 
Mobile Financial Services 
 
The customer base of Mobile financial services amounted to 1.5 million customers in Europe including nearly 
+300,000 newly integrated business customers with Anytime cards or mobile insurance.  
In France, the share of new customer relationships made through paid offers continued to grow, reaching 94% in 
Q1 2021 compared with 51% in Q1 2020. 
In Spain, commercial activity was sustained with more than 100,000 customers at the end of March 2021. 
Orange Bank Africa already had 514,000 customers at the end of Q1, 63% of whom have taken out a loan.

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Calendar of upcoming events 
18 May 2021 – Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 
29 July 2021 - Publication of first-half 2021 results 
26 October 2021 - Publication of third-quarter 2021 results 
 
Contacts 
Press: +33 1 44 44 93 93 
 
Sylvain Bruno 
sylvain.bruno@orange.com 
 
Tom Wright 
tom.wright@orange.com  
 
Olivier Emberger 
olivier.emberger@orange.com  
 
Financial communication: +33 1 44 44 04 32 
(analysts and investors) 
 
Patrice Lambert-de Diesbach 
p.lambert@orange.com  
 
Samuel Castelo 
samuel.castelo@orange.com  
 
Aurélia Roussel 
aurelia.roussel@orange.com 
 
Andrei Dragolici 
andrei.dragolici@orange.com 
 
Louise Racine 
louise.racine@orange.com 
 
 
 
Disclaimer 
This press release contains forward-looking statements about Orange’s financial situation, results of operations 
and strategy. Although we believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, they are subject to 
numerous risks and uncertainties, including matters not yet known to us or not currently considered material by 
us, and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be 
achieved. More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect our financial results is included in the 
Universal Registration Document filed on March 17, 2021 with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) and 
in the annual report (Form 20-F) filed on March 18, 2021 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Other than as required by law, Orange 
does not undertake any obligation to update them in light of new information or future developments.

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Appendix 1: Key financial indicators 
 
Quarterly data 
In millions of euros 
1Q 2021 
1Q 2020 
comparable 
basis 
1Q 2020 
historical 
basis 
change 
comparable 
basis 
change 
historical 
basis 
Revenues 
10,315 
10,265 
10,394 
0.5% 
(0.8)% 
France 
4,404 
4,415 
4,431 
(0.2)% 
(0.6)% 
Europe 
2,583 
2,646 
2,685 
(2.4)% 
(3.8)% 
Africa & Middle-East 
1,488 
1,389 
1,445 
7.1% 
3.0% 
Enterprise 
1,907 
1,900 
1,934 
0.4% 
(1.4)% 
International Carriers & Shared Services 
364 
374 
374 
(2.5)% 
(2.5)% 
Intra-Group eliminations 
432 
459 
475 
 
EBITDAaL (1) 
2,565 
2,573 
2,601 
(0.3)% 
(1.4)% 
o/w Telecom activities 
2,592 
2,607 
2,635 
(0.6)% 
(1.6)% 
As % of revenues 
25.1% 
25.4% 
25.3% 
(0.3 pp) 
(0.2 pp) 
o/w Mobile Financial Services 
28 
35 
34 
19.8% 
17.8% 
eCAPEX 
1,760 
1,566 
1,580 
12.4% 
11.4% 
o/w Telecom activities 
1,754 
1,559 
1,574 
12.5% 
11.4% 
as % of revenues 
17.0% 
15.2% 
15.1% 
1.8 pp 
1.9 pp 
o/w Mobile Financial Services 
6 
7 
6 
(3.4)% 
9.0% 
EBITDAaL – eCAPEX 
805 
1,007 
1,021 
(20.1)% 
(21.2)% 
(1) EBITDAaL adjustments are described in Appendix 2.

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Appendix 2: Adjusted data to income statement items 
 
Quarterly data 
 
 
1Q 2021  
1Q 2020 
historical basis 
In millions of euros 
 Adjusted data, 
Presentation 
adjustments, 
Income 
statement, 
Adjusted data, 
Presentation 
adjustments, 
Income 
statement, 
Revenues 
 
10,315 
- 
10,315 
10,394 
- 
10,394 
External purchases 
 
4,342 
2 
4,344 
4,378 
- 
4,378 
Other operating income 
 
146 
- 
146 
137 
- 
137 
Other operating expense 
 
100 
57 
157 
86 
2 
88 
Labor expenses 
 
2,169 
31 
2,199 
2,195 
19 
2,215 
Operating taxes and levies 
 
881 
- 
881 
915 
- 
915 
Gains (losses) on disposal of fixed assets, investments 
and activities 
 
na 
6 
6 
na 
57 
57 
Restructuring costs 
 
na 
106 
106 
na 
6 
6 
Depreciation and amortization of financed assets 
 
21 
- 
21 
9 
- 
9 
Depreciation and amortization of right-of-use assets 
 
358 
- 
358 
317 
- 
317 
Impairment of right-of-use assets 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interest expenses on liabilities related to financed 
assets 
 
0 
0 
na 
0 
0 
na 
Interest expenses on lease liabilities 
 
27 
27 
na 
29 
29 
na 
EBITDAaL 
 
2,565 
163 
na 
2,601 
58 
na 
Significant litigation 
 
54 
54 
na 
- 
- 
na 
Specific labor expenses 
 
27 
27 
na 
17 
17 
na 
Fixed assets, investments and business portfolio 
review 
 
6 
6 
na 
57 
57 
na 
Restructuring program costs 
 
106 
106 
na 
6 
6 
na 
Acquisition and integration costs 
 
9 
9 
na 
4 
4 
na 
Interest expense on liabilities related to financed 
assets 
 
na 
0 
0 
na 
0 
0 
Interest expense on lease liabilities 
 
na 
27 
27 
na 
29 
29

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Appendix 3: Economic CAPEX to investments in property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets  
 
In millions of euros 
1Q 2021 
1Q 2020 
historical 
basis 
eCAPEX 
1,760 
1,580 
Elimination of proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
19 
182 
Telecommunication licenses 
277 
2 
Financed assets 
20 
58 
Investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
2,076 
1,822

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
Appendix 4: Key performance indicators 
 
In thousands, at the end of the period 
March 31 
2021 
March 31 
2020 
Number of convergent customers 
11,129 
10,825 
Number of mobile accesses (excluding MVNOs) (1) 
216,624 
208,532 
o/w 
Mobile accesses of convergent customers 
19,991 
19,291 
Mobile only accesses 
196,633 
189,241 
o/w 
Contract customers 
78,069 
74,860 
Prepaid customers 
138,556 
133,671 
Number of fixed accesses (2) 
44,985 
45,193 
Number of fixed retail accesses 
29,400 
29,349 
Number of fixed broadband accesses 
21,913 
20,776 
 
o/w 
Accesses with very high-speed broadband 
10,230 
8,105 
 
Accesses of convergent customers 
11,129 
10,825 
 
Fixed only accesses 
10,784 
9,952 
Number of fixed narrowband accesses 
7,487 
8,572 
Number of fixed wholesale accesses 
15,585 
15,844 
Group total accesses (1+2) 
261,609 
253,725 
2020 data is presented on a comparable basis. 
 
Key performance indicators by country are presented in the “Orange investors data book Q1 2021”, available on 
www.orange.com, under Finance/Consolidated results/2021: https://www.orange.com/en/latestconsolidated-
results

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
Appendix 4: glossary 
Key figures 
Data on a comparable basis: data based on comparable accounting principles, scope of consolidation and exchange rates are 
presented for previous periods. The transition from data on an historical basis to data on a comparable basis consists of 
keeping the results for the period ended and then restating the results for the corresponding period of the preceding year for the 
purpose of presenting, over comparable periods, financial data with comparable accounting principles, scope of consolidation 
and exchange rate. The method used is to apply to the data of the corresponding period of the preceding year, the accounting 
principles and scope of consolidation for the period just ended as well as the average exchange rate used for the income 
statement for the period ended. Changes in data on a comparable basis reflect organic business changes. Data on a 
comparable basis is not a financial aggregate as defined by IFRS and may not be comparable to similarly-named indicators 
used by other companies. 
EBITDAaL or “EBITDA after Leases”: operating income (i) before depreciation and amortization of fixed assets, effects resulting 
from business combinations, reclassification of cumulative translation adjustment from liquidated entities, impairment of 
goodwill and fixed assets, share of profits (losses) of associates and joint ventures, (ii) after interest on debts related to 
financed assets and on lease liabilities, and (iii) adjusted for significant litigation, specific labor expenses, fixed assets, 
investments and businesses portfolio review, restructuring programs costs, acquisition and integration costs and, where 
appropriate, other specific elements. EBITDAaL is not a financial aggregate as defined by IFRS standards and may not be 
directly comparable to similarly-named indicators in other companies. 
eCAPEX or “economic CAPEX”: (i) acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, excluding 
telecommunications licenses and financed assets, (ii) less the price of disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets. eCAPEX is not a financial performance indicator as defined by IFRS standards and may not be directly comparable to 
indicators referenced by similarly-named indicators in other companies. 
Organic Cash Flow (telecoms activities): for the perimeter of the telecoms activities, this corresponds to the net cash provided 
by operating activities, minus (i) lease liabilities repayments and debts related to financed assets repayments, and (ii) 
purchases and sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net of the change in the fixed assets payables, (iii) 
excluding effect of telecommunication licenses paid and significant litigations paid or received. Organic Cash Flow (telecoms 
activities) is not a financial aggregate defined by IFRS and may not be comparable to similarly-named indicators used by other 
companies. 
Convergent services 
The customer base and the revenues invoiced to convergence services customers (excluding equipment sales) was for 
convergent offers defined as the combination of, at a minimum, a fixed broadband access and a mobile contract subscribed by 
retail market customers. 
Convergent ARPO: the average quarterly revenues per convergent offer (ARPO) is calculated by dividing revenues from retail 
convergent services offers invoiced to customers generated over the past three months (excluding IFRS 15 adjustments) by the 
weighted average number of retail convergent offers over the same period. ARPO is expressed by monthly revenues per 
convergent offer. 
Performance indicators 
The fixed retail accesses correspond to the number of fixed broadband accesses (xDSL (ADSL and VDSL), FTTx, cable, Fixed-
4G (fLTE) and other broadband accesses (satellite, Wimax and others)) and fixed narrowband accesses (mainly PSTN) and 
payphones. 
The fixed wholesale accesses correspond to the number of fixed broadband and narrowband wholesale accesses operated by 
Orange. 
Mobile Only services 
Revenues from Mobile Only services consists of revenues invoiced to customers of mobile offers excluding retail convergence 
and equipment sales. The customer base includes customers with a contract excluding retail convergence, machine-to-
machine contracts and prepaid cards. 
Mobile Only ARPO: the average quarterly revenues from Mobile Only (ARPO) is calculated by dividing the revenue from Mobile 
Only services (excluding machine-to-machine and IFRS 15 adjustments) generated over the past three months by the weighted 
average of Mobile Only customers (excluding machine-to-machine) over the same period. The ARPO is expressed as monthly 
revenues per Mobile Only customer. 
Fixed Only services 
Revenues from Fixed Only services include the revenue of fixed services excluding retail convergence and equipment sales: 
traditional fixed-line telephony, fixed broadband and enterprise solutions and networks (with the exception of France, where 
enterprise solutions and networks are listed under the Enterprise segment). For the Enterprise segment, fixed-only service 
revenues include sales of network equipment related to the operation of voice and data services. The customer base consists 
of fixed-line telephony and fixed broadband customers, excluding retail convergence customers. 
Fixed Only Broadband ARPO: the average quarterly revenues from Fixed Only Broadband (ARPO) is calculated by dividing the 
revenue from Fixed Only Broadband services (excluding IFRS 15 adjustments) generated over the past three months by the

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
weighted average of Fixed Only Broadband customers over the same period. ARPO is expressed as monthly revenues per 
Fixed Only Broadband customer. 
IT & integration services 
Revenues from IT and integration services include revenue from unified communication and collaboration services (Local Area 
Network and telephony, consulting, integration, project management and video conferencing offers), hosting and infrastructure 
services (including cloud computing), application services (customer relations management and other application services), 
security services, machine-to-machine services (excluding connectivity), as well as equipment sales for the products and 
services above. 
Wholesale 
Revenues from other carriers consists of (i) mobile services to other carriers including incoming traffic, visitor roaming, network 
sharing, national roaming and Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs), and (ii) fixed services to other carriers including 
national networking, services to international carriers, high-speed and very high-speed broadband access (fiber access, 
unbundling of telephone lines and xDSL access sales) and the sale of telephone lines on the wholesale market." 
 
3°) The following press release dated 28 April 2021 has been published by the Issuer: 
 
"Orange prices its 500 million euro, undated, 8-year non-call, deeply subordinated fixed to 
reset rate notes 
Orange S.A. (the Company) successfully priced its issuance of €500,000,000 undated 8 
year non-call deeply subordinated fixed to reset rate notes with a fixed coupon of 1.375% 
until the first call date (the Notes). 
The Notes are scheduled to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. It is also expected that 
rating agencies assign the New Notes a rating of Baa3/BBB- (Moody's/ S&P) and an equity 
content of 50%. 
The Company also launched a tender offer (the Tender Offer) to repurchase its: 
 €1,000,000,000 Undated 7 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate 
Notes with first call date on 1 October 2021 (of which €118,374,000 is currently 
outstanding) and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (ISIN XS1115490523) (the 
2021 Notes); and  
 £650,000,000 Undated 8 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate 
Notes with first call date on 7 February 2022 (of which £427,102,000 is currently 
outstanding) and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (ISIN XS1028597315) (the 
2022 Notes); and 
 £600,000,000 Undated 8.5 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate 
Notes with first call date on 1 April 2023 (of which £560,878,000 is currently 
outstanding) and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (ISIN XS1115502988) (the 
2023 Notes and, together with the 2021 Notes and the 2022 Notes, the Existing 
Notes). 
 
The purpose of the Tender Offer and the issuance of Notes is, amongst other things, to 
proactively manage the Company's hybrid portfolio, taking advantage of favorable market 
conditions. This transaction may result in a limited reduction of the Company’s hybrid stock." 
4°) The following press release dated 6 May 2021 has been published by the Issuer:  
 
"Announcement of the final results of the public takeover bid for Orange Belgium (the 
"Offer") 
Following the voluntary reopening of the Offer, which began on April 28 and ended on May 
4, 14,368,307 Orange Belgium shares in total were tendered to the Offer, representing

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
23.94% of the share capital of Orange Belgium and 50.97% of the total number of shares 
targeted by the Offer. 
Payment of the Offer price for the shares tendered during the reopening of the Offer will take 
place on May 17. 
On this date, Orange SA will directly and indirectly hold 46,191,064 shares of Orange 
Belgium (including treasury shares), representing 76.97% of the share capital of Orange 
Belgium. 
Commenting on these results, Ramon Fernandez, Deputy CEO in charge of Finance, 
Performance and Development of the Orange Group said: 
"We have achieved the objective we set for ourselves: offering a fair price to shareholders 
who wanted to monetize their shares and strengthening our stake in Orange Belgium. 
With nearly 77% of the capital held by the Group, we now have the means to improve the 
financial flexibility of Orange Belgium, deploy its long-term value creation strategy more 
effectively and enable it to better react to major transformations of the Belgian market." 
 
5°) The following press release dated 10 May 2021 has been published by the Issuer: 
 
"Orange announces the results of its tender offer on several outstanding hybrid notes 
Following the end of its Tender Offer period launched on 28 April 2021 (the Tender Offer), 
aiming to partially repurchase part of three series of its outstanding undated deeply 
subordinated fixed to reset rate notes, the Company is pleased to announce the pricing and 
acceptance of the Tender Offer as follows: 
-  in respect of the €1,000,000,000 Undated 7 Year Non-Call Notes with first call date on 
1 
October 
2021 
(of 
which 
€118,374,000 
is 
currently 
outstanding) 
(ISIN 
XS1115490523) (the 2021 Notes):  
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount validly tendered is €49,805,000; 
(b) 
the 2021 Notes Series Acceptance Amount is €49,805,000; 
(c) 
the 2021 Notes Tender Price is 101.690%;  
(d) 
the remaining outstanding principal amount of the 2021 Notes following the 
settlement of the Tender Offer will be €68,569,000;  
-  in respect of the £650,000,000 Undated 8 Year Non-Call Notes with first call date on 7 
February 2022 (of which £427,102,000 is currently outstanding) (ISIN XS1028597315) 
(the 2022 Notes):  
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount validly tendered is £383,286,000; 
(b) 
the 2022 Notes Series Acceptance Amount is £383,286,000; 
(c) 
the 2022 Notes Tender Price is 104.125%;  
(d) 
the remaining outstanding principal amount of the 2022 Notes following the 
settlement of the Tender Offer will be £43,816,000;  
-  in respect of the £600,000,000 Undated 8.5 Year Non-Call Notes with first call date on 
1 April 2023 (of which £560,878,000 is currently outstanding) (ISIN XS1115502988) 
(the 2023 Notes):  
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount validly tendered is £263,425,000;

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
(b) 
the 2023 Notes Maximum Acceptance Amount and 2023 Notes Series 
Acceptance Amount is £135,000,000; 
(c) 
the Tender Pro-Rating Factor in respect of the 2023 Notes is 49.4136%;  
(d) 
the 2023 Notes Tender Price is 108,680%;  
(f) 
the remaining outstanding principal amount of the 2023 Notes following the 
settlement of the Tender Offer will be £425,878,000. 
 
Following settlement of the Tender Offer scheduled on 11 May 2021, over 90% of the 
aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Notes and of the 2022 Notes will have been 
purchased by the Company. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Notes and the 
2022 Notes, the Company therefore will have the option to redeem all of the remaining 
outstanding 2021 Notes and 2022 Notes at 100% of their principal amount together with any 
accrued interest and any arrears of interest up to such effective date of redemption. 
The Company intends to exercise this option following the settlement of the Tender Offer 
with respect to the 2021 Notes and the 2022 Notes.  
Meanwhile, the Autorité des marchés financiers granted approval number 21-141 on 7 May 
2021 on the prospectus relating to the issuance of €500,000,000 undated 8-year non-
call deeply subordinated fixed to reset rate notes (the New Notes) with a fixed 
coupon of 1.375% until the first call date. The New Notes will be issued on 11 May 2021. 
Following the Tender Offer, the issuance of New Notes and the exercise of the redemption 
of the 2021 Notes and 2022 Notes, the Company’s hybrid stock will be reduced by around 
5%." 
 
6°) The following press release dated 20 May 2021 has been published by the Issuer: 
 
"Combined Shareholders’ Meeting, 18 May 2021 
In light of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Orange Combined Shareholders’ Meeting took place 
on 18 May 2021 behind closed doors at the new Orange Bridge headquarters at 111 quai du 
Président Roosevelt in Issy-les-Moulineaux (Paris 92130). It was hosted by Stéphane 
Richard, Orange Chairman and CEO. The meeting was filmed, and the video is available in 
full online at orange.com.  
Bridge, the Group’s new headquarters, houses commercial activities (Orange France 
enterprise teams) as well as corporate and international teams. It offers flexible workspaces 
for 2,900 on-site employees and is home to all Group teams. The floorspace is designed to 
adapt to teamworking and collaboration, promoting cooperation and facilitating collective 
decision-making, as part of an open and modern building that integrates seamlessly into the 
city.  
In addition to presenting the Group’s 2020 annual financial results and forecasts, 
shareholders had the chance to review its actions, priorities and commitments implemented 
as part its purpose adopted at last year’s Shareholders’ Meeting. Shareholders also voted on 
a range of resolutions approved or rejected by the Board of Directors. Full details are 
available at oran.ge/ag2021. 
During the meeting, Stéphane Richard stated: “We share a conviction that’s essential for 
today’s digital world. We can only continue to grow and develop if we make our world a 
better place too: more human, inclusive and sustainable. That’s the meaning behind our 
purpose – being a trusted partner for a responsible digital world is the common thread for 
our long-term growth.”

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
To promote shareholder dialog and in addition to the legal scope of “written questions”, 
shareholders were also able to ask questions before or during the Shareholders’ Meeting via 
dedicated communication channels.   
The meeting renewed the mandate of Thierry Sommelet, representing Bpifrance 
Participations, as Director for another four years. This means the Board of Directors 
comprises 15 members, 6 women and 9 men, each bringing a diverse range of expertise.  
It also approved the renewal of KPMG and appointed Deloitte who will serve as statutory 
auditors for the next six fiscal years.   
A dividend of €0.90 per share for the 2020 financial year has been approved. Taking into 
account the €0.40 interim dividend already paid in December 2020, the balance will 
therefore be €0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date will be 15 June 2021 and the balance of 
the dividend will be paid on 17 June 2021. 
Finally, the Shareholders’ Meeting also marks the publishing date for the new edition of the 
Orange Integrated Annual Report.   
As a reflection of a responsible and committed Group, and prepared within the framework 
set out by the International Integrated Reporting Council, the Report demonstrates how 
Orange creates sustainable value to benefit all stakeholders. It integrates social, ethical, 
economic and environmental performance indicators, which, when combined with the 
Group’s strategic vision, business model and organization, enables it to create long-term 
value.  
The highlights from this sixth edition include: 
 the vital role of networks and how Orange teams mobilized during the Covid-19 
pandemic, 
 the deployment of the Engage 2025 strategic plan and the initial progress one year 
after launch,  
 how the Group’s performance benefits all stakeholders and contributes to the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals where Orange can make a major positive impact. 
 
The interactive and pdf versions of the Integrated Annual Report are available at: 
https://rai2020.orange.com." 
7°) The following press release dated 23 June 2021 has been published by the Issuer: 
 
" Orange issues new bonds for a total notional of 1.5 billion across two 
tranches 
Orange issues new bonds for a total notional of 1.5 billion across two tranches: a 5-year 0.0% 
EUR 700 million bond and a 13-year 0.75% EUR 800 million bond. 
Currency 
Format 
Term 
Notional 
Coupon 
Re-offer 
spread 
EUR 
Fixed rate 
2026 
700 million 
0.00% 
m/s + 25 bps 
EUR 
Fixed rate 
2034 
800 million 
0.75% 
m/s + 55 bps

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
J.P.Morgan AG, Société Générale, Bank of America Securities, La Banque Postale, MUFG, 
Santander, Standard Chartered and UniCrédit are acting as Bookrunners.  
J.P.Morgan and Société Générale are acting as Global Coordinators. 
With these offerings, Orange is pursuing its prudent and active balance sheet management 
policy."

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
AMF approval and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 30 June 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market. In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, a request may be made for the notification of a certificate of approval to any competent 
authority of any Member State of the EEA, in order for Notes issued hereunder to be listed and 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
2. 
Corporate authorisations 
Orange has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in 
connection with the update of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation 
of the board of directors of the Issuer, which may delegate its powers to any of its members including 
its chairman and chief executive officer. 
For this purpose, on 28 October 2020 the board of directors of Orange authorised the Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Executive Officer Delegate, Finance, Performance & 
Developpement, each acting separately, for a one (1) year period starting on 28 October 2020, to issue 
Notes within the limits set by the board of directors.  
3. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Orange is 969500MCOONR8990S771. 
4. 
Definitive Bearer Materialised Note 
Each definitive Bearer Materialised Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code". 
5. 
Clearing systems 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems, which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system 
for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the 
Issuer or with the registration agent.

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
6. 
Post issuance information 
In respect of securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying referred 
to in Article 20 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as amended, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance information concerning the 
underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, the Final Terms will specify what 
information will be reported and where such information can be obtained.  
7. 
Category 
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes are 
issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or (ii) such 
Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will 
be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
8. 
No significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (in particular in section "Recent Developments" above 
(including information relating to the Covid-19)), there has been no significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 March 2021. 
9. 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (in particular in section "Recent Developments" above 
(including information relating to the Covid-19)), there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
10. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (in particular in section "Recent Developments" above), there 
has been no other significant development in the Group’s governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings which may have or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the 
Group’s financial position or profitability during the period of 12 months immediately preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
11. 
Agreement relating to change of control 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge no agreement currently exists that could result in a change of 
control in the future. 
12. 
Material Contracts 
To the best of its knowledge, Orange has not entered into any material contract which could result in 
any Group member being under an obligation that is material to Orange's ability to meet its obligations 
to Noteholders in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. 
13. 
Conflict of interest 
To the Issuer’s knowledge and as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no potential conflict of 
interest between the duties of the directors with regard to Orange and their private interests or other 
duties.

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
14. 
Statutory auditors 
Ernst & Young Audit and KPMG S.A. have audited in accordance with French GAAS the consolidated 
financial statements of financial position of the Issuer as of 31 December 2019 and 2020. Deloitte & 
Associés has been appointed as statutory auditor of the Issuer in replacement of Ernst & Young Audit 
on 18 May 2021. Deloitte & Associés, Ernst & Young Audit and KPMG S.A. belong to the Compagnie 
Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles. 
15. 
Rating 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Baa1 by 
Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") and BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch").  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ (stable 
outlook) by S&P, Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch and (ii) for its 
short-term debt A2 by S&P, (ii) P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch. 
16. 
Yield 
In respect of any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the expected yield on the Notes shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield shall be calculated on the Issue Date of the Notes 
based on the Issue Price. The specified yield shall be calculated as being the yield to maturity on the 
Issue Date of the Notes and shall not be an indication of future yields. 
17. 
Documents on display 
For so long as Notes may be issued under the Programme, the following documents will be available, 
free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), 
at the registered office of Orange and the documents listed at (a), (b), (c) and (e) below will also be 
available on the Issuer's website (www.orange.com):  
(a) 
the statuts ("bylaws") of Orange;  
(b) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus together with any supplement to the Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference therein; 
(c) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any 
Regulated Market in the EEA; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(e) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the following documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org):  
(a) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris;  
(b) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference therein. 
18. 
Forward looking statements 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements 
that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion 
and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, technological and regulatory 
changes and information on exchange rate risk. Forward-looking statements generally include all 
statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project",

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
"anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. The Issuer may also make forward-looking 
statements in its audited annual financial statements, in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its 
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from 
those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned 
not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 
These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended. 
19. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
20. 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"U.S. dollar" and "$" are to the currency of the United States of America, references to "yen" are to the 
currency of Japan, references to "Sterling" and "£" are to the currency of the United Kingdom, 
references to "Renminbi" or "RMB" are to the currency of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and 
references to "€" and "Euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European Union. 
21. 
Benchmark 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" 
for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation or UK BMR. In this case, a statement will be included 
in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation or in the 
FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be. 
22. 
Potential conflict of interests 
Certain Dealers or their respective affiliates or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent have and/or may in 
the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and 
commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of 
the Group and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
out of which conflicting interests may arise. Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer 
and one or several Dealers, it cannot be excluded that all or part of the proceeds of any issue of Notes 
be used to repay or reimburse all or part of such loans. The Dealers and their affiliates or the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes 
and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that 
such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the 
Subordinated Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
WS0101.21640017.1 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer confirms that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and that it contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Orange 
111, quai du Président Roosevelt 
92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux 
France 
duly represented by  
Ramon FERNANDEZ 
Chief Executive Officer Delegate 
Finance, Performance & Development 
on 30 June 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 30 June 2021 and is valid until 30 June 2022 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°21-268.

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1 
 
ISSUER 
ORANGE 
111, quai du Président Roosevelt 
92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux 
France 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt/Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank  
Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 D-
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris  
France 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris  
France 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, 
CALCULATION AGENT,  
REDENOMINATION AGENT AND 
CONSOLIDATION AGENT 
 
Société Générale 
32 rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
 
MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT 
 
 
 
 
Aether Financial Services 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1 
 
AUDITORS  
to the Issuer 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
KPMG SA 
Tour Eqho 
2 avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense 
France 
LEGAL ADVISER 
to the Dealers 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France