--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
ORANO 
(a société anonyme established in the Republic of France) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Orano (the Issuer or 
Orano), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the Notes). 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
This Base Prospectus received the approval number 22-264 on 4 July 2022 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) and shall be in force 
for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Euronext Paris) for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months 
from the date of the approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority 
of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA) for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets (a Regulated Market) published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (the ESMA) website.  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the 
relevant Regulated Market. Notes that are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form as more fully described herein. 
The Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear 
France (Euroclear France) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Method of Issue) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1.3(c)), in either fully registered form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the 
Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif 
administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
The Programme is currently rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). The Issuer was assigned a rating of BB+ with stable outlook by 
S&P on 15 June 2021. S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes to be issued under the Programme may 
or may not be rated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer, the Programme or 
other Notes issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus before deciding 
to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Arranger 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
Dealers 
Bank of China  
BNP PARIBAS  
CIC Market Solutions 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 4 July 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time, 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to, the Issuer and the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as 
a whole (the Group) which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation (see 
Documents Incorporated by Reference), each of which shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with 
the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus was most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus was most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including for the 
avoidance of doubt any information on the websites which appear in the documents incorporated by references) 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see Subscription and Sale. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of the investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency;  
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled Brexit our approach to EU 
non-legislative materials), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive or IDD), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Service and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “Singapore SFA Product Classification”.In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of, the Issuer or the Dealers 
or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statements, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each 
Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred 
to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and none of such documents should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither 
the Arranger nor any of the Dealers undertakes either to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or 
the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................................................. 6 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................................................... 12 
Description of the Issuer ...................................................................................................................................................... 29 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................................................ 34 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus ..................................................................................................................................... 37 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 38 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................................................... 74 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................................................ 75 
Subscription and Sale ........................................................................................................................................................... 77 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................................................ 82 
General Information ............................................................................................................................................................. 97 
Persons Responsible for the Information given in the Base Prospectus ........................................................................... 101

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on 
such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. This section is subject to the other information provided in this 
Base Prospectus and is to be read as such. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary 
of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation 
thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this 
general description.  
 
Issuer: 
Orano 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of Notes  
(the Programme) 
Arranger: 
Société Générale  
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of China (Europe) S.A., BNP Paribas, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
S.A., Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. 
Morgan SE, Natixis and Société Générale 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed 
as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue of any Notes) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
time (the Programme Limit). The Programme Limit may be increased, as 
provided in the dealer agreement dated 4 July 2022 (the Dealer Agreement) 
between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Société Générale 
Calculation Agent, 
Redenomination Agent and 
Consolidation Agent: 
 
Société Générale 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of 
Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant final terms in 
relation to such Tranche (the Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity greater than one month as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese yen, Renminbi, Swiss 
francs, Sterling and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that the Notes shall have a minimum specified 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), or such 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant monetary authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than 
one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination 
amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
 
The Notes will be issued in one specified denomination only.  
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and 
will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or 
future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations or guarantees 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default 
(including cross acceleration): 
There will be events of default including a cross-acceleration in respect of the 
Notes as set out in Condition 9 – see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Events of Default”. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable pursuant to the method set in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption.  
See Condition 6 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption and 
Purchase”. 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem all, or a part only, of the Notes at any time or from time to time (but 
no later than the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date if applicable), at 
their Make-Whole Redemption Amount plus, in each case, interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time 
during the period starting on (and including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as long as 
the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes is equal to 20 per 
cent. or less of the aggregate principal amount of Notes originally issued of 
all Tranches of the relevant Series, the Issuer has the option to redeem the 
Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with any interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable 
in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts 
in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption”, “Make-Whole Redemption”, 
“Residual Maturity Call Option” and “Clean-Up Call Option” above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity 
only for tax reasons, as set out in Condition 6.10 - see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Redemption for Taxation Reasons”. 
Taxation: 
 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect 
of any Note be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, the Issuer will (subject to certain limited exceptions), to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate 
or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for 
any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate,

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
or both, provided that in no event will the relevant Interest Amount be less 
than zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest 
at different rates in the same interest period. All such information (except the 
method of calculation) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest payable in arrear and determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series; or 
 
(b) by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate or TEC10 or any successor 
rate or any alternative rate, in each case as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, subject to (in the case of EURIBOR or CMS Rate 
only) Condition 5.3(c)(iii) (Benchmark discontinuation). 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent 
adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark and/or screen 
rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 5.3(c)(iii) (Benchmark 
discontinuation) for further information. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes (as defined in section “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Interest and other calculations”) may be issued. Payments (whether 
in respect of principal and/or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) 
in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to the 
Consumer Price Index or the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which will 
participate in the single currency of the EU may be redenominated into Euro, 
all as more fully provided in Condition 1 – see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Method of Issue” 
below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more 
fully provided in Condition 12.2 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect 
of the Notes. See Condition 1.1 - “Terms and Conditions of the Notes –
Form”. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to the Notes.  
Initial Delivery of the Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Notes, the lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the application form 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Admission to Trading: 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for Notes to be issued under the 
Programme, for a period of 12 months from the date of the approval granted 
by the AMF on this Base Prospectus, to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a Regulated 
Market published on the ESMA website. As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Series of Notes may be or may not be admitted to trading and may 
be unlisted. 
No offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or in any other 
Member State of the EEA.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions including EEA, France, the United 
States, the United Kingdom, Japan, Germany, Spain, the Republic of Italy,

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Hong Kong, the People's Republic of China and Singapore. See the section 
headed “Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Rating: 
The Programme is currently rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P). The Issuer was assigned a rating of BB+ with stable outlook 
by S&P on 15 June 2021.  S&P is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and may be 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed investment 
decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this section. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Political and economic conditions 
(a) 
Risks related to the energy policies of other countries and the European Union 
The Group is exposed to the risk that the energy policy of some countries will affect the prospects for the nuclear 
industry as a whole (as in Germany following the decision taken in 2011 to phase out nuclear energy), the 
prospects for the construction of new reactors (as in South Korea following the election of President Moon Jae-
In in 2017), or the policy for the back end of the cycle as some antinuclear groups specifically oppose recycling. 
74% of Orano’s turnover comes from Europe (included France for 36%). In EU institutions, the political risk is 
apparent in repeated attempts, usually led by Austria and Germany, to exclude nuclear energy from European 
energy policy instruments; the latest state of European taxonomy of sustainable activities, the “green pact”, and 
instruments for financing the energy transition shall include nuclear and gas as for a transition period. This 
favorable situation needs to be confirmed through the approval process of the final European act for taxonomy 
of sustainable activities. 
Based on ongoing discussions around European taxonomy, political risks may involve the following: 
• 
new thinking on the share of nuclear power and renewable energies in the energy mix; 
• 
the early shutdown of nuclear power plants; 
• 
the slowdown or freezing of investment in new nuclear construction projects; 
• 
the reconsideration of life extension investment programs for power plants; 
• 
changes in back-end policies, particularly as concerns used fuel recycling; 
• 
the adoption of protectionist measures reducing the accessible market; and 
• 
lesser acceptance of nuclear energy by the public. 
In addition, the Group is exposed to the risks of political instability or insufficient respect for the rule of law in 
some of its host countries, particularly in the context of its mining operations in Niger and Kazakhstan (the 
Mining business unit representing around 23% of Orano’s turnover in 2021). These two risks can lead to civil 
unrest, expropriation, nationalization, changes in legal or tax systems, monetary restrictions, and renegotiation 
or cancellation of currently valid contracts, leases, mining permits and other agreements. Moreover, acts of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
terrorism can generate socio-political turmoil and jeopardize the physical safety of the Group’s personnel and/or 
facilities. 
Lastly, political pressure could lead some of our competitors, closely linked to foreign powers, to make decisions 
influenced by considerations other than profitability and to benefit from financing on advantageous and non-
market terms. 
Policies limiting or reversing nuclear development would significantly reduce the Group’s accessible market and 
depress prices. Political instability could result in a risk of losing investment, while foreign political intervention 
in favor of Orano’s competitors could result in loss of market share.  
(b) 
Risks related to French energy policy  
The Programmation Pluriannuelle de l’Energie (PPE), which is revised every five years, is the management 
tool provided for in the French law on energy transition for green growth (LTECV (Loi relative à la Transmission 
Energétique pour la Croissance Verte)). It sets, for each type of energy, the broad objectives of France’s energy 
policy and its energy mix. The current PPE was unveiled by the Président of the French Republic on November 
27, 2018 and was incorporated into the climate act ratified by the French Parliament in September 2019. It sets 
out a clear framework for the future share of nuclear energy, which is expected to fall to 50% of the French mix 
in 2035, equivalent to shutting down 14 reactors. It also reaffirmed the strategic nature of the recycling of used 
fuel. The next update of the PPE will take place in 2023. 
Orano’s prospects are extremely sensitive to the French energy policy. 36% of its turnover in 2021 was achieved 
in France. Furthermore, the Issuer, whose share capital is held directly or indirectly at 80% by the French State, 
is tasked with implementing its energy policy. 
 
 The government recently confirmed its support for the nuclear industry during the recovery measures following 
the pandemic. After the first announcements in principle in November 2021, on February 10, 2022 the French 
President announced the construction of 6 to 14 EPR2-type nuclear reactors by 2050, the extension of the life of 
existing reactors, the acceleration of research and development on SMR (small modular reactors) and the revision 
of the PPE submitted to Parliament in 2023. 
These factors could have an impact in the middle of the next decade. However, the financial trajectories of the 
business units could change depending on the impact of these announcements on market prices and/or export 
markets. In particular, the cancellation of expected new build announcements would have a depressing effect on 
front-end prices as well as reduce the overall future market. 
Another risk could result of other energy policy decisions of the French government on structuring energy policy 
issues besides the PPE. In particular, the government is expected to reform the financing of EDF’s nuclear power 
sales to its competitors (ARENH), which impacts its total financing capacity. This reform could negatively affect 
Orano’s profitability and attractiveness if it does not provide EDF, Orano’s main customer, with sufficient 
profitability.  
(c) 
Risks related to the national plan for managing radioactive materials and waste (PNGMDR) 
As part of the present PNGMDR (2021-2025), some recoverable material, such as depleted uranium in relation 
with enrichment activities, could be reclassified as waste. This would financially impact the Group as provisions 
would need to be made for its disposal. This is considered a low-probability risk but would be potentially 
disruptive if it materialized. However, the Group considers that those materials are valuable materials which 
could be used for new nuclear fuel and therefore can be considered as strategic reserves. Beyond this, the 
PNGMDR might lead to tighter regulations of the required final condition of facilities and land being 
decommissioned, which would increase Orano’s decommissioning costs.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
1.2 
Commercial and legal risks 
(a) 
Risk associated with dependency on the Group’s customers and multi years contracts 
A significant portion of Orano’s revenue is generated with the EDF group. This revenue depends on the size of 
EDF’s nuclear fleet. EDF (including Framatome) accounted for approximately 29% of revenue in 2021 and 46% 
in 2020. As part of maintaining the nuclear fuel recycling policy in France, in collaboration with EDF and the 
CEA, Orano is studying the use of reprocessed uranium and the use of MOX fuel from recycling in the1,300 
MW reactors and future EPRs. Other than EDF, Orano’s main customers do not represent a significant risk of 
dependency given their geographical distribution and their revenue with the Group. 
The Orano group, like all other companies, is exposed to the risk of default by its customers for the payment of 
its products and services and/or by its suppliers for the performance of certain services or the delivery of certain 
products. This risk increased marginally in 2020 and 2021 concerning suppliers who could potentially be 
weakened by the consequences of the health crisis, despite the support plan put in place by Orano for sensitive 
suppliers.  
Orano is required to sign long-term contracts whose prices are indexed, either based on inflation indices 
consistent with the underlying costs of carrying them out, or through a pre-set annual review. These contracts 
are an opportunity in terms of visibility over the coming years and protection against significant swings in the 
prices of materials and services offered by Orano. They may also prevent the Group from fully benefiting from 
increases in these same prices and may, however, also be an obstacle to the passing on of certain sharp increases 
in the cost of its supplies.  
Orano’s loss of several of its main customers or a reduction in their purchases or an erosion of contract terms or 
conditions could have a negative impact on the Group’s operations and financial position.  
(b) 
Non-renewal or termination of concessions related to the Group’s mining operations 
The Group’s mining exploration and operations involve licenses or concessions (or other legal instruments issued 
by public authorities to that effect) or partnerships formed under legal systems specific to each country where it 
conducts exploration and operations, such as Niger, Kazakhstan, Canada, Mongolia, Uzbekistan (…). Despite 
the relatively long terms of these partnerships or concessions, the Group’s mining operations are expected to 
extend beyond the initial term of those instruments and require successive reconductions or renewals. At those 
occasions, the Group is exposed to a significant risk of non-renewal or termination of its partnerships and 
concessions, or to the risk that such partnerships or concessions may not be renewed in its favor with changes to 
the financial terms and conditions of the partnership or concession in particular in countries that suffer from a 
certain degree of political instability. The Group’s mining portfolio is based on diversification preventing facing 
on each concession such risk at the same time. This would have an adverse impact on the activities and the 
financial position of the Group.   
1.3 
Risks related to the Group’s business activities 
(a) 
Risk related to sustainability of industrial facilities, workload plans and cost control  
The obsolescence of production plants, and their ability to function in a nominal way and in compliance with the 
regulatory commitments, represents a major challenge for the Group. Industrial facilities are covered by 
maintenance programs designed to monitor and anticipate the aging of equipment. Regarding regulatory 
commitments, the Group’s “regulated nuclear facilities” undergo safety inspections every ten years. 
The French nuclear safety authority also conducts regular inspections to ensure the reliability of the facilities and 
the ability of the Group as a nuclear operator to operate them in compliance with safety and security standards. 
In addition, the various nuclear operators are part of WANO (World Association of Nuclear Operators) to share 
their know-how for greater safety.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
The obsolescence or deficiency of these industrial facilities could have a material adverse effect on the 
operational activities, financial position and reputation of the Group.   
(b) 
Risks related to end-of-lifecycle operations 
As operators of regulated nuclear facilities (Installations Nucléaires de Base, INB) and industrial facilities 
covered by legislation on environmentally regulated sites (Installations Classées pour la Protection de 
l’Environnement, ICPE), the Group’s legal entities have an obligation to ensure the safety and dismantling of 
those facilities during their final shutdown, in whole or in part; to restore the sites; and to manage the products 
resulting from these operations.  
The main risks that could have a significant impact on the cost of end-of-lifecycle operations are in particular: 
• 
differences between the initial estimated condition of legacy facilities or waste and their actual 
condition; 
• 
changes in regulations, particularly with respect to dismantling, the target final condition of the facilities 
and soils after dismantling, the storage solutions used or the requalification as waste of radioactive 
materials currently still considered to be reusable; and 
• 
technical and financial difficulties related to radioactive waste management facilities that could lead to 
delays and cost increases in relation to projects (treatment, packaging, transport and storage costs), 
especially so for wastes for which no final facility has been identified yet. 
Future expenses associated with the end-of-lifecycle commitments of nuclear facilities and with the remediation 
of regulated industrial facilities have been identified, and specific provisions have been constituted by the legal 
entities which operate those facilities.  
As mentioned in the Orano 2021 Annual Activity Report, the future expenses associated to the end-of-lifecycle 
liabilities are covered with specific financial provisions of €9.249 billion. These provisions include the cost 
assessment of margins for projects risks and contingencies, as well as the costs of the mitigation plans of the 
captioned risks. The end-of-lifecycle projects management includes specific reviews of the risks and 
contingencies, which are yearly reviewed by the Orano governance.  
It cannot be stated with certainty, however, that those amounts currently provisioned will equal the actual costs 
that will finally be incurred by the Group. It is therefore possible that these future obligations and potential 
expenses or potential additional future liability of a nuclear or environmental nature that the Group may later 
have to bear could have a significant negative impact on its financial position. 
(c) 
Risks of cyber attack 
Given the emergence of cyber-attacks in recent years, concerns about information system risk have grown 
considerably. 
The six major risks related to cyber-attacks are as follows: 
• 
compromised confidentiality of business and technical data; 
• 
compromised integrity of business and technical data; 
• 
unavailability of business services ; 
• 
loss of ability to detect and/or investigate; 
• 
massive, widespread compromise of the information system; and 
• 
inability to meet legal and industry obligations. 
Cyber-attacks may have an adverse impact on the Group’s operational activities, legal and financial position, 
and reputation.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
(d) 
Risk related to major projects 
The Group develops project management activities as part of the renewal or development of its own industrial 
or mining facilities, as part of its activities on behalf of third parties or as part of decommissioning projects. For 
example, Orano is currently working to renew the evaporative capacities of the dissolution workshops at the la 
Hague site (investment project of more than 800 million euros) which financial difficulties with subcontractors 
and other unforeseen circumstances, led to a significant increase of cost of capital. Orano is also working on a 
major contract for the treatment and recycling of used fuel for EDF over the period 2016-2023 (Customer 
project). 
In addition to exogenous factors (geopolitical, regulatory, or related to third parties), which may impact the 
completion costs of major projects, the Group may be faced with technical problems inherent to the complexity 
of the projects handled or related to the equipment supplied, the financial strength of suppliers/subcontractors or 
the loss of key skills.  
In addition, suppliers associated with the different projects may not provide their products or services on time 
and as required in the contracts.  
Such situations may have an adverse impact on the Group’s activities, results, assets value, financial position 
and/or reputation. 
(e) 
Risk related to uranium resources and reserves 
Orano’s uranium reserves and resources derive from estimates made up by the Group in accordance with the best 
industrial practices and with international standard for disclosure for mineral projects based on geological (e.g. 
core drilling results) and economic assumptions. The Group’s uranium reserves and resources statements are 
updated on an annual basis in order to consider technical and economical evolutions. However, actual mining 
operations may not produce the same results. 
Indeed, the Group could be led to modify these estimates if there is a change in evaluation methods or geological 
assumptions (due to a combination of many factors such as the result of additional tests and sampling, deeper 
analysis/test compared to previous estimations or new technologies), and/or a change in economic conditions 
(market price, forex exchange rates, inflation). 
As a result, the projected quantities of uranium may not be produced and resources may not be available. The 
Group may also not receive the expected revenue from the sold Uranium, which can be indexed to market 
performance, in accordance with the contractual terms agreed upon with the customers. 
Moreover, uranium price fluctuations, production cost increases and declining mining and milling recovery rates 
can affect the profitability of reserves and require their adjustment. 
These elements may have a negative impact on the Group’s estimates which could in turn impact the Group’s 
results. 
(f) 
Risks related to transport security 
The Group is exposed to the risk of accidents during the transportation of “nuclear” or hazardous chemical 
substances by rail, sea or road. It remains dependent on State-provided infrastructure through which transport 
may transit and on possible malicious acts or terrorism. This is particularly true for transport operations linked 
to the Group’s activities in Niger. 
Despite all the resources deployed to ensure transportation security, the Group cannot guarantee a complete lack 
of transportation incidents or of impacts on its operations. The realization of any such risk related to an incident

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
during transportation of dangerous materials may adversely affect the financial position and the reputation of the 
Group. 
1.4 
Nuclear safety and environmental impacts 
(a) 
Internal nuclear and industrial hazards 
Risks of nuclear origin relate to the characteristics of radioactive substances. They thus concern all industrial 
facilities of the Group where these substances are found, whether it be regulated nuclear facilities (INB 
(installations nucléaires de base)) or industrial facilities covered by the legislation on facilities classified for 
environmental protection (ICPE (installations industrielles relevant de la legislation sur les installations classes 
pour la protection de l’environnement)). 
These risks are the following: 
The risk of a criticality accident which corresponds to the risk of an uncontrolled chain reaction with a brief 
and intense emission of neutrons, accompanied by radiation. This risk, should it materialize, would result in 
irradiation of workers or individuals located near the event, causing lesions proportional in seriousness to the 
intensity of the radiation received.  
Thermal releases and radiolysis which corresponds to matter absorbing the energy produced by intense 
radiation, which can lead to increased temperatures. Radiolysis corresponds to the decomposition of a 
hydrogenated compound (especially water) when exposed to radiation, leading to the release of hydrogen. 
The typical risks of the Issuer’s nuclear operations involve:  
• 
risks associated with the handling and use of hoisting, transfer and positioning equipment; 
• 
risks of fire and internal explosion; 
• 
risks related to the use of chemicals or toxic raw materials such as HF; 
• 
risks associated with the use of pressurized equipment; and 
• 
risks associated with utilities (electricity, water, steam, industrial gases, etc.). 
The occurrence of any industrial safety failure may have an adverse effect on the Group’s operational activities, 
its financial or legal position, or its reputation. 
(b) 
External risks that could lead to nuclear risk 
This risk includes several scenarios of exogenic threats. 
The crash of an airplane or part of an airplane on a facility could jeopardize the Group’s installations 
integrity. Its probability of occurrence depends on the number of aircrafts that could reach the site without being 
detected; its potential severity depends on the type of aircraft and the surface area of sensitive areas in each 
facility. Each site is located: 
• 
away from controlled airspace; 
• 
away from airspace used by military aircraft; and 
• 
far from any airport.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Earthquakes and their possible repercussions, such as a tsunami, can also cause damage that could disable 
nuclear safety systems. 
Climate disruption, particularly unfavorable weather conditions and floods may also affect the Group’s 
activities.  
The Issuer may also face other risks caused by potential external events, such as the loss of power supply or 
utilities (water, steam, compressed air, etc.). 
Following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan, in addition to the measures taken 
in the design of the facilities or during operations, supplementary safety assessments (SSA) were carried out to 
evaluate the facilities’ ability to withstand a malfunction.  
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of incidents during the transportation of radioactive and nuclear materials. These 
are subject, as are other nuclear operations, to the concept of “defense in depth” in order to ensure their safety 
and protect people, goods and the environment on public land. 
The Issuer is also exposed to the risk of malicious acts such as a terrorist attack on our nuclear plants or 
transportation of radioactive and nuclear materials.  
The occurrence of any such external event, or any other event of a scale inherently difficult to predict, may have 
an adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial position, and reputation.  
1.5 
Risks related to health and safety 
In terms of health and safety, the main risks for the Group are: 
• 
A serious or fatal accident of an employee of the Group or an outside company; and 
• 
A contamination or irradiation of an employee of the Group or an outside company. 
In 2021, the Group observed an improvement of its rate of occupational injuries with lost time and fatal accident 
compared to 2019 with a lost-time accident frequency rate close to 1.5, even if this rate is slightly increasing 
since 2020 in relation with a more normal rate of presence on site since the Covid-19 crisis is fading out.  
The occurrence of such events may also lead to judicial proceedings against the Group or the Issuer, and 
consequently, to the payment of damages which may be significant. In case of a serious event, the Issuer’s 
reputation would also be impacted. 
1.6 
Financial risks 
(a) 
Risk of shares and other assets involved in end-of-lifecycle operations  
The Group holds a portfolio of listed financial assets (equities, bonds, investment funds and third-party 
receivables) to fund operations related to its future end-of-lifecycle obligations. The listed assets held by the 
Group are subject to the volatility risk inherent in the financial markets. Despite the Group’s prudent management 
strategy for end-of-lifecycle obligations, outside economic factors, as the recent Covid-19 crisis, may have an 
unfavorable impact on the coverage ratio of end-of-lifecycle liabilities by dedicated assets, and thus the Group’s 
financial position. Such factors may involve:

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
• 
an unfavorable development in the financial markets that could pose a risk of lower performance of the 
 assets versus the medium to long term assumptions currently retained; and 
• 
a reduction in the discount rate due to downward variations in interest rates or any other change in  
 regulations related to the dedicated assets. 
Such changes could impact i) the value of such financial instruments, which may have a significant impact on 
the results of the Issuer, and/or ii) the Group’s financial position by generating an obligation to increase its 
contribution to its dedicated assets immediately or under a medium-term horizon.  
If the assets / liabilities coverage ratio is less than 1.0, the Group will benefit from an up to 5-year period so as 
to restore such coverage ratio above 1.0. The additional funding would result in an unfavorable effect on the 
Group’s cash flow and net financial debt.  
The Group is thus exposed to changes in the value of the financial instruments in its portfolio of earmarked 
assets, in particular bonds and investment funds. The equity risk on the shares held in the portfolio of assets 
earmarked for end-of-lifecycle operations is an integral component of asset management, which uses shares to 
increase long-term returns as part of its allocation between bonds and equities. 
If the dedicated assets are insufficient coverage for the liabilities, the Group has a maximum of three years, after 
notification by the administrative authority, to supplement the earmarked funds so as to restore the liability 
coverage ratio above 100%. The additional funding would result in an unfavorable effect on the Group’s cash 
flow and net financial debt.  
Based on the exposure at the end of December 2021:  
‐ 
A decline in the equity market of 10% would have an adverse impact approximately of € -459 million on 
the valuation of hedging financial assets;  
‐ 
An increase in the interest rates of 1% would have an adverse impact approximately of € -71 million on 
the valuation of hedging financial assets. 
The risk on shares and other non-current financial assets is not systematically hedged against price drops. 
(b) 
Foreign exchange risk  
In view of the geographic diversity of its locations and operations, the Group is exposed to fluctuations in 
exchange rates, particularly the euro/US dollar exchange rate. The volatility of exchange rates may impact the 
Group’s currency translation adjustments, equity and income. 
The business units with significant exposure to the risk of the US dollar’s depreciation against the euro are the 
Mining and Chemistry-Enrichment ones, due to their geographically diversified locations (local currencies: 
euro/FCFA, Canadian dollar, tenge kazakh) and to their sales denominated primarily in US dollars, which is the 
reference currency for worldwide prices for natural uranium and uranium conversion and enrichment services.  
As provided in the Group’s policies, operating entities are responsible for identifying foreign exchange risk and 
initiating hedges with the Group’s treasury department, which is responsible for a centralized risk management 
approach with the assistance of its banking counterparties.  
The foreign exchange risk to be hedged is netted. For medium- and long-term exposures, the amount of the hedge 
is set up according to a gradual scale for a duration based on the highly probable nature of exposure, generally 
not to exceed five years. 
Given the accounting framework, the volatility on exchange rates market may have a moderate impact on the 
results of the Issuer.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
(c) 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s exposure to fluctuations of interest rates encompasses two types of risk: 
• 
a risk of change in the value of fixed-rate financial assets and liabilities; and 
• 
a risk of change in cash flows related to floating-rate financial assets and liabilities. 
Depending on market conditions, the Group can use interest rate derivatives in order to optimize its borrowing 
costs. An interest rate management policy is defined, and a strategy updated and implemented at the Group level. 
Given the Group’s current rate risk management policy, a variation on interest rate may have a limited impact 
on its results. 
Based on the exposure at the end of December 2021, an increase in the interest rate of 1%, over a full year, would 
have an adverse impact approximately of 7 million euros on the cost of net financial debt, and thus on the 
consolidated pre-tax profit of the group. 
(d) 
Price movements of uranium, enrichment and conversion 
Fluctuations in the prices of uranium, uranium conversion and uranium enrichment could have an impact in the 
long term, favorable or unfavorable, depending on the market, on the financial position of the Group’s mining, 
enrichment and conversion operations which constitute a significant part of the business of the Group. 
Historically, the prices of uranium and of conversion and enrichment services have undergone significant 
fluctuations. These relate to factors outside the Group’s control. These factors include demand for nuclear power; 
economic and political conditions in countries which produce or consume uranium, including Canada, the United 
States, Russia, other CIS republics, Australia, and some African countries; nuclear materials and used fuel 
treatment; and sales of surplus civilian and defense inventories (including for example those from the dismantling 
of nuclear weapons). 
Most of U3O8 (i.e. uranium concentrates) contracts already in the backlog are either at fixed price or with a 
selling price hedged by a floor or a ceiling. On the other hand, if the level of prices either spot or long-term for 
natural uranium would drop below current production costs over a prolonged period, this could have a negative 
impact on the Group’s mining level of booking and then future sales with an adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial position. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES   
2.1 
Risks related to the trading market of the Notes  
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the maturity date. The relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant stock exchange where 
the Notes will be admitted to trading, if applicable. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext Paris. 
The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part of the 
capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such 
case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already in issue). If the Notes are 
traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer. Although particular series of Notes may specify that they are expected to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be 
admitted, an active trading market may not develop or the trading market may be illiquid.  
As a consequence, Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise 
their anticipated yield and as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange Rates 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. An investment in the Notes may involve 
exchange rate risks. The Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the purchaser's 
home jurisdiction, and/or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency in which a 
purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and 
demand in the international currency markets which are influenced by macro-economic factors, speculation and 
central bank and government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value of the Notes. Government and monetary or financial 
authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate. 
As a result, if this risk ever materialises, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected. This 
may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic 
currency is not the Specified Currency. 
2.2 
Risks related to the structure and feature of a particular issue of Notes 
(a) 
Early Redemption Risks  
Notes subject to an early redemption at the option of the Issuer  
According to Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Final Terms for a particular issue of 
Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer (including the Clean-up Call Option (pursuant 
to Condition 6.5), the Residual Maturity Call Option (pursuant to Condition 6.4), the Make-Whole Redemption 
(pursuant to Condition 6.3), and the Call Option (pursuant to Condition 6.6) by the Issuer). Such right of 
redemption is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates 
decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases. As a consequence, 
the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption amount of the Notes may 
be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount 
of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Conditions 6.3 and 6.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that the Issuer has the option to 
exercise the Make-Whole Redemption or the Call Option, as the case may be, partially. If the Issuer decides to 
redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all Notes 
in a Series in proportion to the aggregate principal amount redeemed.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
In addition, Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that if a Residual Maturity Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period 
starting on (and including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may 
feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. Should the Notes at such 
time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated 
returns would be significant. 
With respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under Condition 6.5 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or under any other Condition of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer 
to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 80% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular 
Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call 
Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital 
invested. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer for tax reasons 
In accordance with Condition 6.10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if, by reason of any change in 
French law or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law becoming effective after the 
issue date of the relevant Notes, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts of principal and interest 
payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
within France, or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with such Condition 6.10. 
During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a market 
value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such circumstances an investor may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as 
that of the relevant Notes. 
Exercise of the Put Option by the Noteholders  
In accordance with Condition 6.7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Final Terms for a particular 
issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Noteholders. Depending on the number of 
Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, 
any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become less 
liquid or illiquid, which shall in turn adversely impact those Noteholders.  
(b) 
Interest Rate Risks  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in 
Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. In particular, a Noteholder, which pays interest at a 
fixed rate, is exposed to the risk that the market value of such Note could fall as a result of changes in the market 
interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of the fixed rate Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the 
current interest rate on the capital markets (market interest rate) typically varies on a daily basis. As the market 
interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. 
If the market interest rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield 
of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value 
of the Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
rate. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the 
Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Investment 
in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or 
subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout 
the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the 
reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short 
term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest 
rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be 
at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating 
rate being lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant Interest Amount be less 
than zero. These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. Higher reference rates mean a 
higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower interest under the Notes. The degree to 
which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may 
be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact 
the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of 
such Notes. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of “benchmarks” 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, the Rate of Interest 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.3(c)(iii) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which seek to offset any adverse effects 
for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”, in particular: 
- an index that is a “benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator 
is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
- if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to or 
which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable 
to such Notes - please refer to the risk factor entitled “The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination applies, result in the application of a 
backward-looking risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the 
benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 
(the Amending Regulation) which applies as from 13 February 2021.  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the 
European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. These provisions 
could have a significant negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under 
the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, Condition 5.3(c)(iii) (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an 
inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such 
benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or 
any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without the 
application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with 
a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), 
and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of 
the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor 
Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time, in all these circumstances other fallback rules might apply if 
the benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period to be used for the following Interest Period(s), as set out in the risk factor above entitled "Risks 
related to the regulation and reform of “benchmarks”". This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be. In a rising interest rate 
environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates. Any such consequences could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part 
of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes, as the case may be, or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be. The 
Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences 
and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to such 
Noteholder.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The Issuer's ability to 
convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may 
be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility 
may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should also refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating 
Rate Notes". 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. The market 
values of the Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do the prices for 
conventional interest bearing securities of comparable maturities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as 
other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, could be subject to 
higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating 
Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Condition 5.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Inflation Linked Notes to be issued. The 
Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to the rate of inflation in France or in 
the European Monetary Union (Inflation Linked Notes), where interest amounts and/or principal are dependent 
upon the performance of an inflation index, which will be one of (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) 
for all households in France or the relevant substitute index (the CPI), as calculated and published monthly by 
the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (INSEE), or (ii) the harmonised index of 
consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the HICP, and together with the 
CPI, the Inflation Indices). If the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is 
lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the 
Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may 
vary. Noteholders may receive no interest. However, if, at maturity, the level of the relevant Inflation Index Ratio 
is less than 1.00, the Notes will be redeemed at par.  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. Noteholders are exposed to the 
risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Index may adversely affect the value of Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
2.3 
Risks relating to all Series of Notes  
 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. Noteholders are exposed to 
the credit risk of the Issuer. Credit risk refers to the risk that the Issuer may be unable to meet its financial 
obligations under the Notes. If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, (i) notwithstanding Condition 9 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which enable the Noteholders to request the redemption of the Notes, 
the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of 
the Notes may decrease significantly and (iii) the Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment, all of 
which could materially and negatively impact the rights of the Noteholders. 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency 
and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the 
Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1 October 2021, 
amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under 
insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and 
therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto 
power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-
class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at 
the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a 
cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 
11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with 
compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, 
could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Modification and waivers 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for calling General Meetings of 
Noteholders or taking Written Decisions to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant 
General Meeting or did not consent to the Written Decision and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority. Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the modification 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a decision is 
adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the 
Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence Noteholders may lose 
part of their investment. 
2.4 
Risks related to RMB Notes 
RMB is not completely freely convertible and there are still significant restrictions on the remittance of RMB 
into and outside the PRC 
Condition 5.13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for RMB Notes to be issued. RMB is not 
completely freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between RMB 
and foreign currencies.  
Although from 1 October 2016, the RMB has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund, the PRC government may not liberalise control over cross-border remittance of 
RMB in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect 
of restricting or eliminating the remittance of RMB into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated outside the PRC in RMB, this may affect the overall availability of RMB outside the PRC and the 
ability of the Issuer to source RMB to finance its obligations under RMB Notes, and therefore, the liquidity of 
the Notes denominated in RMB may be adversely affected. 
There is only limited availability of RMB outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Notes 
denominated in RMB and the Issuer's ability to source RMB outside the PRC to service such Notes 
denominated in RMB. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross border RMB fund flows, the availability 
of RMB outside the PRC is limited. While the People’s Bank of China (the PBOC) has entered into agreements

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
on the clearing of RMB business (the Settlement Agreements) with financial institutions in a number of 
financial centres and cities (the RMB Clearing Banks), including but not limited to Hong Kong, and is in the 
process of establishing RMB clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size 
of RMB denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
RMB business participating banks do not have direct RMB liquidity support from the PBOC. 
The offshore RMB market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange and may adversely affect the liquidity of Notes denominated in RMB. New PRC regulations may be 
promulgated or the Settlement Agreements may be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting 
availability of RMB offshore. The limited availability of RMB outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes denominated in RMB and, as a consequence, have an adverse effect on the value of such RMB Notes.   
Payments in respect of the RMB Notes will only be made to Noteholders in the manner specified in the terms 
and conditions of the RMB Notes 
Noteholders may be required to provide certification and other information (including RMB account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in RMB in accordance with the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. 
If RMB is specified as Specified Currency in the relevant Final Terms, all payments of RMB under Notes 
denominated in RMB to a Noteholder will be made solely by transfer to a RMB bank account maintained in 
Hong Kong by such investor in accordance with the prevailing rules and regulations and in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means. 
In addition, access to RMB for the purposes of making payments under such Notes may not remain or may 
become restricted. If it becomes impossible to convert RMB from/to another freely convertible currency, or 
transfer RMB between accounts in Hong Kong, or the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid, any payment of RMB under the Notes may be delayed or the Issuer may make such payments in U.S. 
Dollars or, as the case may be, in Euros using an exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Accordingly, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected and this may result in a loss of 
part of their investment when converting such currency back into RMB, depending on the prevailing exchange 
rate at that time.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The information provided below shall be read, and completed by, and construed in conjunction with, the description of 
the Issuer, which is incorporated by reference in the Section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base 
Prospectus.  
1. 
History and development of the Issuer 
Orano (formerly New AREVA Holding) is a French limited liability company (société anonyme) created on 6 
November 1984, administered by a Board of Directors (conseil d’administration) and governed by French law. 
It has its registered office at 125, Avenue de Paris 92320 Châtillon, France (Tel: + 33 (0)1 34 96 00 00). It is 
registered with the Nanterre trade and companies registry under number 330 956 871. 
The legal name of the Issuer was previously « Compagnie d'Etude et de Recherche pour l'Energie - CERE », it 
was renamed « New AREVA Holding » on 18 July 2016 and subsequently « Orano » on 22 January 2018.  
The duration of the Issuer is determined in its articles of association (statuts) and is 99 years from the creation 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
2. 
Organisational structure 
Presented below is a simplified chart detailing the organisational structure of the Issuer’s group as of 30 June 
2022: 
 
3. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
3.1 
Board of Directors 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors is composed of 13 members:  
 
Claude Imauven (Chairman of the Board of Directors (Président du Conseil d’Administration)); 
 
Philippe Knoche (Chief Executive Officer (Directeur général)); 
 
the French State represented by Bruno Vincent;

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
Philippe Braidy (Director appointed upon proposal of the French State (Administrateur nommé sur 
proposition de l’Etat)); 
 
François Delattre (Director appointed upon proposal of the French State (Administrateur nommé sur 
proposition de l’Etat)); 
 
François Jacq (Director appointed upon proposal of the French State (Administrateur nommé sur 
proposition de l’Etat)); 
 
Cécile Sellier (Director appointed upon proposal of the French State (Administrateur nommé sur 
proposition de l’Etat)); 
 
Marie-Solange Tissier (Director appointed upon proposal of the French State (Administrateur nommé sur 
proposition de l’Etat)); 
 
Anne-Sophie Le Lay (Independent Director (Administrateur Indépendant)); 
 
Patrick Pelata (Independent Director (Administrateur Indépendant));  
 
Marie-Hélène Sartorius (Independent Director (Administrateur Indépendant)); 
 
David Lecavelier (Elected employee representative (Administrateur représentant les salariés)); and 
 
Cyrille Vincent (Elected employee representative (Administrateur représentant les salariés)). 
The main functions of the members of the Board of Directors outside of the Issuer are the following: 
 
Members of the Board of 
Directors 
Main functions outside the Issuer  
Claude Imauven 
Former chief Operating Officer of Saint-Gobain (Ancien Directeur général 
exécutif de Saint-Gobain) 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Artelia Global SAS, Chairman of 
the Foundation Mines-Telecom and President of the Georges Besse 
Foundation (Président du Conseil d’Administration d’Artelia Global SAS, 
Président de la Fondation Mines-Télécom et Président de la Fondation 
Georges Besse) 
Philippe Knoche 
Director of Thalès SA and Chairman of the Board of the World Nuclear 
Association (Administrateur de Thalès SA and Président du Conseil de 
World Nuclear Association)  
Bruno Vincent 
 
Head of shareholding for the Energy sector of the Agence des 
Participations de l’Etat Director of AREVA SA and ERAMET SA 
(Directeur de participation pour le secteur de l’Energie au sein de l’Agence 
des Participations de l’Etat, administrateur d’AREVA SA et ERAMET SA) 
Philippe Braidy 
Chief executive officer of AREVA SA (Directeur général d’AREVA SA) 
François Delattre 
General Secretary of the Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs and 
Director of EDF (Secrétaire Général du Ministère de l’Europe et des 
Affaires Etrangères et administrateur d’EDF) 
François Jacq  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the CEA  
Anne-Sophie Le Lay 
Secretary-General of Air France and Air France KLM and Director of 
Séché Environnement SA (Secrétaire générale d’Air France et d’Air 
France KLM et administrateur de Séché Environnement SA)

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Members of the Board of 
Directors 
Main functions outside the Issuer  
Patrick Pelata 
Chairman of Meta Strategy consulting and Independent Director of Safran 
(Président de Meta Strategy consulting et Administrateur Indépendant de 
Safran) 
Marie-Hélène Sartorius 
Director of Bank of America Securities Europe SA, BNP Paribas Cardif 
SA and Milleis Banque SA (Administrateur de Bank of America Securities 
Europe SA, BNP Paribas Cardif SA et Milleis Banque SA) 
Cécile Sellier 
Director of the CEA (Administrateur du CEA) 
Marie-Solange Tissier 
Retired - Former Chief of the Regulation and Resources section of the 
general council for economy, industry, energy and technology to the 
Ministry of Economy and Director of IFP Energies Nouvelles (Retraitée – 
ancienne Présidence de la section Régulation et Ressources du conseil 
général de l’économie, de l’industrie, de l’énergie et des technologies au 
sein du ministère de l’économie et des finances et administrateur d’IFP 
Energies Nouvelles) 
David Lecavelier  
NA  
Cyrille Vincent  
NA  
To the Issuer’s knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the 
Board of Directors and their private interests or other duties. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is that of the Issuer’s registered office.  
3.2 
Management team 
The corporate management is conducted by Mr. Philippe Knoche, appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the 
Issuer on 12 July 2017 upon proposal from the Board of Directors and renewed in such role on 16 May 2022 
upon proposal from the Board of Directors.  
The Executive Committee provides the Chief Executive Officer with support for the management of the company 
and the implementation of the strategy and general policy as defined by the Board of Directors. The members of 
the Executive Committee are: 
 
Philippe Knoche (Chief Executive Officer);  
 
Pascal Aubret (Recycling Business Unit);  
 
Patrick Champalaune (Sales & Marketing); 
 
David Claverie (Finance);  
 
Frédéric De Agostini (Nuclear Packages & Services Business Unit);  
 
Hélène Derrien (People & Communications);  
 
Guillaume Dureau (Project Business Unit and Group Research and Development and Innovation); 
 
Laurence Gazagnes (Health Safety and Environment) 
 
Nicolas Maes (Mining Business Unit);  
 
Jacques Peythieu (Chemistry-Enrichment Business Unit);   
 
Corinne Spilios (Performance) and    
 
Alain Vandercruyssen (Dismantling & Services Business Unit).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Other Committees of the Board of Directors 
The other committees are:  
 
Strategy and Investments; 
 
Audit and Ethics; 
 
Compensation and Nominating; and  
 
End-of-Life-Cycle Obligations Monitoring. 
4. 
Major shareholders 
Shareholders of the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Shareholders 
Number of shares  
% of share capital 
% of voting rights 
AREVA SA 
29,074 
0.01% 
0.01% 
The French State  
211,293,148 
79.99% 
77.99% 
CEA 
1 
0.0000004% 
0.0000005% 
JNFL 
13,207,639 
5.00% 
6.00% 
MHI 
13,207,639 
5.00% 
6.00% 
Natixis 
26,415,277 
10.00% 
10.00% 
TOTAL 
264,152,778 
100.00% 
100.00% 
 Natixis is acting as fiduciary (fiduciaire) under security and trust management (fiducies sûretés et gestion) to the 
benefit of some lenders of AREVA SA. 
5. 
Half-year financial information 
The Issuer will publish consolidated financial statements as at and for the half-year period closing on 30 June of 
each year so long as any notes transferred from AREVA SA to the Issuer under the Contribution are outstanding 
and provided an equivalent requirement applies pursuant to French law to French commercial companies whose 
shares are listed on a regulated market of the EU.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following:  
(a) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the 2021 Annual Activity Report of the Issuer in the French 
language which includes the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and the related statutory auditors' report (the 2021 Annual Activity Report): 
https://www.orano.group/docs/default-source/orano-doc/finance/publications-financieres-et-
reglementees/2021/orano-rapport-annuel-activite-2021-mel.pdf?sfvrsn=dd0d6b85_20; 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the 2020 Annual Activity Report of the Issuer in the French 
language which includes the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and the related statutory auditors' report (the 2020 Annual Activity Report): 
https://www.orano.group/docs/default-source/orano-doc/finance/publications-financieres-et-
reglementees/2020/rapport-annuel-d'activite-2020-orano.pdf?sfvrsn=a7d51139_23;  
  
(c) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained on pages 33 to 69 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 5 April 2019 which received visa no. 19-140 on 5 April 2019 from the AMF (the 2019 Terms and 
Conditions): 
https://orano.group/docs/default-source/orano-doc/finance/informations-dette/programme-
emtn/orano-prospectus-de-base-2019.pdf?sfvrsn=36dc79fd_8; and 
 
(d) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained on pages 39 to 74 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 7 July 2020 which received approval no. 20-319 on 7 July 2020 from the AMF (the 2020 Terms and 
Conditions): 
https://www.orano.group/docs/default-source/orano-doc/finance/informations-dette/emtn-
082020/orano_base-prospectus_update2020.pdf?sfvrsn=d01ece4_20.  
 
The 2019 Terms and Conditions and the 2020 Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series 
with notes already issued under the 2019 Terms and Conditions or the 2020 Terms and Conditions, as the case 
may be. Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 5 April 2019 and 7 July 2020 are 
not relevant for the investors. 
Such documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts 
of the documents incorporated by reference this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for the Noteholders or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be published on, and may be obtained without 
charge from the website of the Issuer (http://www.orano.group/). Free English translations of the 2021 Annual Activity 
Report and the 2020 Annual Activity Report are also available on the website of the Issuer (http://www.orano.group/). 
Such English translations are available for information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and may not be relied upon. Only the French versions of the 2021 Annual Activity Report and the 2020 Annual 
Activity Report may be relied upon.  
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is set 
out in the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer 
as a result of Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Commission Delegated Regulation) and not referred to in the cross-reference table below is contained 
in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2020 Annual Activity 
Report 
2021 Annual Activity 
Report 
 
Page 
Page 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the Issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed 
 
6-8 
24-41 
131-134 
149-151 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter 
period as the issuer has been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year 
192-258 
206-275 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed 
in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002  
192-258 
206-275 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements  
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration document 
192-258 
206-275 
11.1.6 Age of financial information  
 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the 
date of the registration document 
 
208-209 
11.2 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information 
 
 
11.2.1 The historical financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be prepared 
in accordance with the Directive 2014/56/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
 
 259-264 
276-282

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2020 Annual Activity 
Report 
2021 Annual Activity 
Report 
 
Page 
Page 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory auditors or 
where they contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in 
full. 
 
276 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or group’s financial 
position or profitability, or provide an appropriate 
negative statement. 
 
70; 271-272 
The page references in the table above refer to the page of the electronic format document incorporated by reference. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the terms and conditions incorporated by reference: 
Terms and Conditions Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
The terms and conditions of the base prospectus of Orano 
which received visa no. 19-140 from the AMF on 5 April 
2019  
pages 33 to 69 
The terms and conditions of the base prospectus of Orano 
which received approval no. 20-319 from the AMF on 7 
July 2020 
pages 39 to 74

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary 
for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its 
impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each 
Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 4 July 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
the Issuer (http://www.orano.group/).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. The text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on 
physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed, by the relevant Final Terms. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
An agency agreement dated 4 July 2022 has been entered into between Orano (the Issuer or Orano) and Société Générale 
as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (the Agency Agreement). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the 
redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent(s).  
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
“day” means calendar day; and 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA) as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments dated 15 May 2014, as amended. 
References below to Conditions are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Method of Issue 
1.1 
Form 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including 
certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued 
in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be 
inscribed in the books of Euroclear France S.A. (Euroclear France) (acting as central depositary) which shall 
credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder either in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) 
inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or, as the case may be, a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) 
acting on behalf of the Issuer (the Registration Agent). 
Unless this option is excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the 
Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification information of holders of Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and 
mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such holders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
1.2 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the Specified 
Denomination). The minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 
of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
1.3 
Title 
(a) 
Title to the Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer 
in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to the Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, 
and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(b) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of 
any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(c) 
In these Conditions, holder of Notes, holder of any Note or Noteholder means the person whose name appears 
in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Notes, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, 
the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
1.4 
Redenomination 
(a) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, by giving at least 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the 
date on which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided 
in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time (the Treaty)), or events 
have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but not some 
only, of the Notes of any Series (as defined below) into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the 
Specified Denomination set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which 
such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(b) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1.4(a) shall be made by converting the principal amount 
of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest €0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so 
elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national 
currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes 
so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from 
the redenomination with a denomination higher than €0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
the nearest €0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant national currency 
shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(d) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, in connection 
with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 12, without the 
consent of the holder of any Note, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 12 (including, 
without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be binding on the holders of Notes and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
(e) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any 
currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
1.5 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a 
Series) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of Tranche), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be, save in respect 
of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, identical to the terms 
of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in registered 
dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). 
(b) 
Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(c) 
Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into 
Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option 
by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder, if any. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and 
rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations or guarantees 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9) will create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien (other than a lien arising by operation of law) or other form of encumbrance or security interest 
(Security) upon the whole or any part of its undertakings, assets or revenues present or future (including any 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant 
Indebtedness unless, at the same time or prior thereto, its obligations under the Notes (a) are secured equally and 
rateably therewith or (b) have the benefit of such other security or other arrangement as shall be approved by the 
Masse (as defined in Condition 11) pursuant to Condition 11. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
(a) 
outstanding means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to 
the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the 
case of Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on 
behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7.1 and (ii) in the case of Notes in fully registered 
form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7.1, (c) those which have become void 
or in respect of which claims have become prescribed and (d) those which have been purchased and 
that are held or have been cancelled as provided in the Conditions including Condition 6.11 hereof. 
(b) 
Relevant Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which, for the time being, are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, automated trading system, over the 
counter or other securities market.  
This Condition 4 shall not apply to the Notes used in connection with: 
(i) 
any Security created by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for the financing of a specific 
project, provided that the asset which is subject to that Security is the asset which is solely the subject 
of the applicable project; 
(ii) 
any Security created over any asset acquired by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase 
price, acquisition cost or development cost of such asset, provided that the relevant Security remains 
confined to such asset and secures only the purchase price, acquisition cost and development cost, as 
applicable, of such asset; and 
(iii) 
any Security granted by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries over accounts receivable purported 
to have been transferred (or intended to be transferred within 60 days of the granting of such Security, 
but then only to the extent actually transferred) by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in 
connection with a securitisation or similar arrangements provided that the recourse of any person that 
has or is deemed to have provided such Relevant Indebtedness in connection with such securitisation is 
limited to the assets covered by such Security. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
5.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below:

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto (the TARGET System) is operating 
(a TARGET Business Day); and/or 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payment in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); 
and/or 
(c) 
in the case of a currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for that currency; and/or 
(d) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the Business Centre(s)), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency 
is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of 
time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation Period): 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual – ISDA is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(b) 
if Actual/Actual – ICMA is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
where 
Determination Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; and 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 
(e) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30 
(f) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
x 
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2







360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
(g) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Euro zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the EC, as amended. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period or the Interest 
Amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling nor Euro. 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2







--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro zone interbank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either EURIBOR, 
CMS Rate or TEC10 or (in the case of EURIBOR or CMS Rate only) any successor or replacement rate as 
provided in Condition 5.3(c)(iii) (Benchmark discontinuation). 
Relevant Date means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of it first became due or (if 
any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the 
amount outstanding is made. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
5.2 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
5.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.10. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined according to the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date and Swap Transaction have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 5.3(c)(iii) (Benchmark 
discontinuation) below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Notes will be provided in the relevant Final Terms and determined in accordance with the 
provisions of (D) or (E) below.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(B) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (A)(a) applies and no such 
offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (A)(b) applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro zone office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); and 
(C) 
if paragraph (B) applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, the Euro zone 
interbank market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in, the Euro zone interbank market, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(D) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 5.3(c)(iii) (Benchmark 
discontinuation) below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as 
considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice.  
With: 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, or (ii) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
Relevant Swap Rate means:  
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), with a designated maturity determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the relevant Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
Designated Maturity, Margin, Specified Time, Relevant Currency and Relevant Screen 
Page shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.  
(E) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being the TEC 10, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will be, subject as provided below, the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the EUR-TEC10-CNO1, calculated by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire (CNO), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being the caption “TEC10” 
on the Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen 
CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page in respect of EUR-TEC10-CNO, it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two 
                                                     
1 
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
reference OAT (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been used by the Comité 
de Normalisation Obligataire for the calculation of the relevant rate, quoted in each case by 
five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
The Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide a 
quotation of its price. 
EUR-TEC10-CNO will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such prices as 
determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the highest and lowest of such 
quotations. The above mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used by the Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire for the determination of the relevant rate. 
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 1996, is the 
percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, 
OAT) corresponding to the linear interpolation between the yield to maturity of the two actual 
OATs (the Reference OATs) whose periods to maturity are closest in duration to the notional 
10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's duration being of less than 10 years and the other 
Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years. 
(iii) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 
5.3(c)(ii). 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(D)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.3(c)(iii) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith, manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any 
other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5.3(c)(iii). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
I. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.3(c)(iii)); or  
II. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(D)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5.3(c)(iii)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c)(iii) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and/or, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c)(iii), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate or, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.3(c)(iii). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 5.3(c)(iii), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.3(c)(ii) 
will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of 
any Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(G) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Independent 
Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for 
the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions will 
continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5.3(c)(iii), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5.3(c)(iii) (and, until such determination and notification (if 
any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5.3(c)(ii), will continue to 
apply in accordance with their terms. 
(H) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5.3(c)(iii): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (a) above 
does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital market 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to 
be appropriate. 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c)(iii) and which is customary

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six months; 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is 
no longer representative of an underlying market or that its method of calculation has 
significantly changed; 
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or 
any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable); or 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted. 
Benchmarks Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as amended or 
supplemented;  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense under Condition 5.3(c)(iii)(A); 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark 
Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or 
replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
5.4 
Interest on Inflation Linked Notes  
(a) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France, as calculated and published 
by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the INSEE) (CPI) is specified as the Index 
in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out 
below only when this Condition shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the CPI Linked Interest) will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio. 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an Interest Determination Date) the 
Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition, the Inflation Index Ratio or IIR is the ratio between (i) the CPI 
Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
date set for redemption, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference (specified in the Final Terms) 
(the Base Reference). The IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index means (A) in relation to the first day of any given month, the 
CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day 
(D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second 
month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index =

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-3 
+ 
 
x 
(CPI Monthly Reference 
IndexM-2 - CPI Monthly 
Reference IndexM-3) 
With: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2: price index of month M – 2; 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3: price index of month M – 3; 
D: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of principal and interest, 
shall be equal to 25; and 
NDM: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of principal and interest, 
shall be equal to 31; 
The CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the Agence France 
Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg FRCPXTOB Index <GO> pages and on 
the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate 
the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by 
the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
CPI Monthly Reference Index refers to the definitive consumer price index excluding tobacco for all 
households in France, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted 
or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(ii) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper 
entitled “Inflation Indexed Notes” (Obligations et autres instruments de taux d’intérêt en euro, Normes 
et usages des marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l’inflation). In the case 
of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided by 
the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided 
by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
(iii) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index (the Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index) shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has already been published, 
such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such 
provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index shall be published under the heading “indice de 
substitution”. Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it shall 
automatically apply from the day following its release to all calculations taking place from that 
date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index shall be 
calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in the following 
formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
M
ND
D
1


--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
CPI Monthly Reference 
Index M-1 
 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the purpose of calculating 
the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes that have been calculated 
on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the 
last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1 
March of the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following 
equation: 
 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index (New Basis) = CPI Monthly Reference Index (Previous Basis) x Key 
(b) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the HICP) is specified as the Index 
in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out 
below only when this Condition shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the HICP Linked Interest) will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio. 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an Interest Determination Date) the 
Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition, the Inflation Index Ratio or IIR is the ratio between (i) the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
date set for redemption, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference (specified in the Final Terms (the 
Base Reference). The IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index means (A) in relation to the first day of any given month, the 
HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day 
(D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second 
month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
HICP 
Monthly 
Reference IndexM-3 
 
+ 
 
 
x 
(HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3) 
13
-
M
12
1
1-
M
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
x
basis
 
previous
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
basis
 
new
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI

Key
M
ND
1
D 

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
With: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2: price index of month M - 2; 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3: price index of month M - 3. 
D: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of principal and interest, 
shall be equal to 25; and 
NDM: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of principal and interest, 
shall be equal to 31. 
The HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the Agence France 
Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website (www.aft.gouv.fr) and on Bloomberg page CPTFEMU 
Index < GO >. 
HICP Monthly Reference Index refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and 
published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a given month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
(ii) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the Fixed Rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms 
multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(iii) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index (the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index) shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been published by Eurostat, such 
index shall automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the 
definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, it shall automatically apply from the 
day following its release to all calculations taking place from that date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index shall be 
calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in the following 
formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the purpose of calculating 
the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
13
-
M
12
1
1-
M
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
x

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Index for 1 March of the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the 
following equation: 
 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index (New Basis) = HICP Monthly Reference Index (Previous Basis) x Key 
5.5 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert, on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the Switch Date), from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis). The Issuer election to change the interest basis should be deemed effective after notification by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 13; or 
(ii) 
the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the Switch Date (the Automatic Change of Interest Basis). 
5.6 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon and is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption 
Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note 
shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6.9(a)). 
5.7 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless on such due date payment is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) 
at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
5.1). 
5.8 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate. 
basis
 
previous
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
basis
 
new
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP

Key

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
5.9 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding 
(a) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 5.3 above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
(b) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, will the relevant Interest Amount be 
less than zero. 
(c) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
5.10 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, 
unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. 
5.11 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and 
Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, such 
Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5.3(b), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
5.12 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
above in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over the counter index options market) that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or 
any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed on any 
stock exchange and the rules applicable to that exchange so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
5.13 
RMB Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all 
parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to 
Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of 
interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period or, 
as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
6.1 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below each Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its nominal 
amount, except for Zero Coupon Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) or, in the case of a Note falling within 
Condition 6.2, its final Instalment Amount. 
6.2 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each Note that provides 
for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related 
Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note 
shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on the due date for 
such payment. 
6.3 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, or a part only, of the Notes of any Series, at any 
time or from time to time (but no later than the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as defined in 
Condition 6.4 below) if applicable) (the Optional Redemption Date) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
(as defined below) plus, in each case, interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent and will be an amount 
rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards) being the greater of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed, or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values on the Optional Redemption Date of (i) the nominal amount of the Notes 
and (ii) the remaining scheduled payments of interest on the Notes for the remaining term of such Note 
(being the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if applicable) (determined on the basis of the rate 
of interest applicable to such Note from but excluding the Optional Redemption Date), discounted from 
the remaining term of such Note (being the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if applicable) to 
the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided 
by 365 or (in case of a leap year) by 366) at the rate per annum equal to the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity of the Benchmark Security, assuming a price for the Benchmark Security 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Benchmark Security Price for such 
Optional Redemption Date (the Make-Whole Redemption Rate) plus the Early Redemption Margin. 
In this Condition 6.3: 
Benchmark Security means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
If the Benchmark Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Calculation Agent 
at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the Reference Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified 
in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Benchmark Security Price means the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the Benchmark Security (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at 
11:00 a.m. Central European time (CET) on the Reference Date. 
Early Redemption Margin means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Date means the third Business Day prior to the Optional Redemption Date. 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds having actual or interpolated maturity comparable 
with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.3 by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders or the Issuer shall be attached 
to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise of its powers, duties and discretions. 
6.4 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the 
period starting on (and including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition. 
6.5 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time prior 
to their Maturity Date, at par together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, as 
long as the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes is equal to 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes originally issued of all Tranches of the relevant Series.  
6.6 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount (being the nominal amount) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any 
such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount 
to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount 
to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all Notes 
in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed.  
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there 
has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 
of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of 
any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted 
to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding. 
6.7 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders  
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) at its Optional Redemption Amount (being the nominal amount) together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office during usual 
business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form obtained during usual 
business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period. 
The Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paris 
Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so 
deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
6.8 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
IIR being for the purpose of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before the Maturity 
Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par.  
6.9 
Early Redemption Amount 
(a) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.10 or Condition 6.13 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii), the Early Redemption Amount of any such Note shall 
be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Early Redemption Amount equal to the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 6.10 or Condition 6.13 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is 
not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be as 
defined in sub-paragraph (ii), except that such sub paragraph shall have effect as though the date on 
which the Early Redemption Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this sub paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance 
with Condition 5.5. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6.9(b) shall apply in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
IIR being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before the 
date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base 
Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed 
at par. 
(ii) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6.9(b) applies) fall to be redeemed for whatever 
reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such 
Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of provisions of Condition 5 above except that, for such purposes 
the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant date set for 
redemption.  
(c) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (a) and (b)), upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6.10 or Condition 6.13, or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
6.10 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons  
(a) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or 
interest due in respect of the Notes not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts 
as specified under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption 
of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of principal and interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(b) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be prevented by French 
law from making payment to the Noteholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice 
of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (A) on the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the 
date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 
days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if 
that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
6.11 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, without any 
limitation as to price or quantity, including in connection with a tender offer subject to the applicable laws and/or 
regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
6.12 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled by transfer to an 
account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, if so transferred, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith together with all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Notes. Any Notes so cancelled or transferred for cancellation may 
not be re issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
6.13 
Illegality 
Without prejudice to Condition 6.10(b), if, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
7. 
Payments 
7.1 
Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes in bearer dematerialised 
form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency 
of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders or (in the case of Notes in fully registered 
form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Noteholders. All 
payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
7.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, to (i) any fiscal or other 
laws and regulations applicable thereto, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. Any such amounts 
withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and no additional amounts will be 
paid on the Notes with respect to any such withholding or deduction. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.  
7.3 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent expert(s) 
and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and 
to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and 
a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least 
two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and, so long as the rules applicable to the relevant Regulated Market so require) (v) in the case of Notes, 
in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other 
Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and admitted to trading. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1.4 with a view to consolidating such 
Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 12, the Issuer shall ensure that the 
same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such 
Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
7.4 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment. In this paragraph, business day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which 
Euroclear France is open for business, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business, 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as financial centres in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained 
with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in 
Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7.5 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent or Euro Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity 
occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and 
such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or 
in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. 
Dollars or (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) in Euro on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (or 
the Euro Equivalent as the case may be) of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (or Euro Equivalent as the case may be) of the relevant 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. Dollar (or Euro) account of the 
relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders or to an account denominated in U.S. Dollars (or 
Euro) with a bank designated by the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent (or Euro Equivalent as the case may be) shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the 
meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7.5 by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders and (in the absence of manifest error) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Agent and all Noteholders shall attach to the RMB Rate Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
Euro Equivalent means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into Euro using the RMB Spot Rate for the 
relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged 
with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
Illiquidity means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other than as a 
result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any amount 
due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to transfer 
Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside 
Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation). 
Renminbi Dealer means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
RMB Note means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the determination 
of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
RMB Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and (i) in New York 
City (in the case of payment of the US Dollar Equivalent) or (ii) in Paris (in the case of payment of the Euro 
Equivalent). 
RMB Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days before the due 
date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
RMB Spot Rate for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate for the purchase 
of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the 
relevant due date for payment, or as the case may be, the spot CNY/EUR exchange rate for the purchase of Euro 
with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due date 
for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such 
RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 or if no 
such rate is available on a non deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate 
is available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. Dollar official fixing 
rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the 
Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate. 
U.S. Dollar Equivalent means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. Dollars using the RMB Spot 
Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
French withholding tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
8.2 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection 
with France other than the mere holding of the Note; or 
(b) 
Excess interest paid to a shareholder of the Issuer: to, or to a third party of, a Noteholder who is liable 
to such taxes in respect of such Notes solely by reason of (x) his being a shareholder of the Issuer and 
(y) the payment of interest being made to him at a rate in excess of the limit set forth in the French Code 
général des impôts (Article 39, 1, 3°) for the deduction of interest paid to shareholders of a borrowing 
company.  
References in these Conditions to (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of 
the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) interest shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition. 
9. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11), upon request of any Noteholder, may, by notice in writing to 
the Issuer, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent, given before all continuing Events of Default (as such term is defined 
below) shall have been remedied, cause all the Notes of such Noteholder to become immediately due and 
payable, whereupon the Notes shall become immediately due and payable without further formality at their 
principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of repayment if any of the following events 
(each an Event of Default) shall have occurred: 
(a) 
default is made for a period of 15 days or more in the payments of any amount on the Notes when and 
as the same shall become due and payable; or 
(b) 
default is made in the performance of, or compliance with, any other obligation of the Issuer under the 
Notes, if such default shall not have been remedied within 30 days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of 
written notice of such default given by the Representative; or 
(c) 
(i) there occurs a default by the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary in the due and punctual payment of the 
principal of, or premium or interest on, any indebtedness for borrowed monies of or assumed or 
guaranteed by it when and as the same shall become due and payable or called upon and giving effect 
to any applicable grace periods, (ii) there shall be an acceleration of any such indebtedness or calling 
of such guarantee, or (iii) there shall be a failure to pay such indebtedness upon maturity, provided that 
the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness for borrowed monies in respect of which any one or 
more of the events mentioned in this sub paragraph has or have occurred equals or exceeds €35,000,000 
(or its equivalent); or  
(d) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is subject to a judgment rendered for its judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole or part of the business (cession totale ou partielle 
de l'entreprise); or 
(e) 
any Material Subsidiary of the Issuer not established in France is adjudicated or found bankrupt or 
insolvent or ceases payment or is found unable to pay its debts or any order is made by any competent 
court or administrative agency for, or a resolution is passed by it for, judicial composition proceedings 
with its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency 
proceedings in relation to it or any event occurs which under the law of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous or equivalent effect; or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(f) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets 
or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially all of its business or an order is 
made or an effective resolution passed for its winding up, dissolution or liquidation, unless such winding 
up, dissolution, liquidation or disposal is made in connection with a merger, consolidation, 
reconstruction, amalgamation or other form of combination with or to, any other corporation and in the 
case of the Issuer the liabilities under the Notes are transferred to and assumed by such other 
corporation.  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Material Subsidiary means: 
(a) 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer at any time, whose total assets (total de l'actif) or total revenue equals or 
exceeds 5% of the consolidated total assets or 5% of the consolidated total revenue of the Group 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, goodwill) at that time, and  
(b) 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer which is designated by the Issuer,  
in order to ensure that the Issuer and such Material Subsidiaries represent in aggregate at least 65% of the Group's 
total assets (as published on the most recent annual consolidated financial statements). 
For the purpose of this definition: 
(a) 
total assets (total de l'actif) or total revenue of the Subsidiary shall be ascertained by reference to the 
unconsolidated financial statements of the Subsidiary based upon which the most recent audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group have been made up; and 
(b) 
the consolidated total assets or consolidated total revenue of the Group shall be ascertained by reference 
to the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being; 
Subsidiary means a company which is (i) controlled by the Issuer as defined in Article L. 233-3 of the French 
Code de commerce and (ii) consolidated in accordance with IAS rules. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within five years (in the case of principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (the Masse) which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-
46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L.228-71 and R.228-69 of the French 
Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 11. 
11.1 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the Representative) and 
in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective Decisions).  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
11.2 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any 
given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative and 
the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
11.3 
Powers of the Representative  
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take all 
acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to 
delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
11.4 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by consent following a 
written consultation (the Written Decision) (as further described in Condition 11.4(ii) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder 
or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, 
on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11.8. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be 
called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken 
by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 11.8 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of 
the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office 
of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen 
(15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during 
the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of 
the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a 
Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders (Electronic Consent). 
Such Written Decision shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 11.4(i) 
above. Any such Written Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at 
a General Meeting of such Noteholders. 
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by the Noteholders 
of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L. 228-65 I. 1° of the French Code de commerce and the related provisions 
of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
11.5 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Notes. 
11.6 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated 
with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12.1, shall, for the defence of their 
respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
11.7 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been 
appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions 
taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder 
of any of the Notes of such Series. 
11.8 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 13.5. 
11.9 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 “outstanding” shall not include those Notes purchased by the 
Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and regulations that are held by 
it and not cancelled. 
12. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
12.1 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes to be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry 
rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
12.2 
Consolidation 
The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior approval of the Redenomination and 
Consolidation Agents, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination 
Date on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without 
the consent of the Noteholders consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series 
issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise 
have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
13. 
Notices 
13.1 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are posted to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the posting, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so 
long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to that 
Regulated Market so require in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other 
competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
13.2 
Notices to the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
trading on any Regulated Market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any 
other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
13.3 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. 
13.4 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these 
Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any 
other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the posting and 
publication as required by Conditions 13.1, 13.2 and 13.3; except that so long as such Notes are listed on any 
stock exchange(s) and the rules applicable to that stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes is/are 
listed. 
13.5 
Notices relating to the Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 or R. 
236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be given (a) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur), by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and (b) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in 
registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective postal addresses, in which case 
they will be deemed to have been given notice on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the posting. For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 13.1 to 13.4 shall not apply to such notices. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
14.1 
Governing Law 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
14.2 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any competent court located 
within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a summary limited to certain tax considerations in France relating to the payments made in respect of 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme and specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the 
Notes withheld at source. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes in 
France. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon 
the laws, published case law and published guidelines and regulations as in effect in France on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law and/or interpretation thereof that may take effect after such date 
(potentially with a retroactive effect).  
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following may be relevant to Noteholders who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to Notes will not be subject to the withholding 
tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such payments are made outside France 
in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the 
French Code général des impôts (a Non-Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 
238-0 A. If such payments under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those 
mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be 
applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty) by 
virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts.  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other revenues on such 
Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or 
established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in a Non-
Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other 
revenues may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq of the French Code général des 
impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under 
Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals 
who are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the first sentence of the second 
paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. 25 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 
January 2022) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for 
payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A 
of the French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code 
général des impôts nor, to the extent that the relevant interest and other revenues relate to genuine transactions and are 
not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the 
Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest 
or other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances 
Publiques - Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20, an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception 
without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(a) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State 
other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an equivalent offer means any offer requiring the 
registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; and/or 
(b) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system provided 
that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such market is carried

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar foreign entity, provided further 
that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; 
and/or  
(c) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and payment 
systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or 
more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-
Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments received by individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is 
established in France) and subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar income received by individuals fiscally 
domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their 
personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, 
CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest 
and similar income received by individuals fiscally domiciled in France, subject to certain exceptions.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
SUMMARY OF THE DEALER AGREEMENT  
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 4 July 2022 (the Dealer Agreement) 
between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer 
to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers 
that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the 
time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. The 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers 
for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. 
The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to procure subscription and 
failing which subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Prohibition of sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors   
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive (EU) 2014/65, as amended (MiFID 
II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France 
and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the 
Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. The terms United States and U.S. persons used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S.  
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of 
any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after the later 
of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche and the closing date, within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue, (a) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and that it will not offer or sell the Notes in the 
Federal Republic of Germany other than in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), the German 
Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other applicable laws in the Federal Republic of Germany 
governing the issue, sale and offering of the Notes. 
Spain 
Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been or will be approved or registered in the administrative registries of 
the Spanish Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and this Base Prospectus is 
not intended for a public offering of the Notes in Spain. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will 
not offer, sell, re-sell or distribute any Notes in Spain except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a 
base prospectus in Spain or without meeting all the legal and regulatory requirements under the Spanish legislation related 
to securities. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of 
the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy (Italy), except:  
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 of 
14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
 
(ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
a) be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Italian 
Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No.20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
b) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy 
(including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.  
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of the Notes 
it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except 
for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of 
Hong Kong) (the Securities and Futures Ordinance) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which 
do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for 
the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating 
to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of 
Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to 
Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any of the Notes in the 
People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region 
and Taiwan) (the PRC) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer 
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the 
offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of 
this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations in the PRC.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell the Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which 
is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is 
an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation 
or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after 
that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to retail investors of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will, to 
the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[2 UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
                                                     
2 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the 
UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities 
and Futures Act (Capital Market Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
[prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment 
Products).]3  
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
Orano 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
due from one month from the date of original issue 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500161UMNDC85C891 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
issued by: Orano (the Issuer) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 4 July 2022 which received approval number n°22-264 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) on 4 
July 2022 [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval number n° [] from the AMF 
on []] which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available 
for viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and of the Issuer (http://www.orano.group/) and copies may be obtained from ORANO, 125, avenue de Paris 
– 92320 Châtillon, France. [In addition4, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] 
available for viewing [at/on] []]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated [5 April 2019/7 July 2020] incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 4 July 2022. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
                                                     
3 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
4  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on Euronext Paris.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 4 July 2022 which received 
approval number n° 22-264 from the AMF in France on 4 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated 
[] which received approval n° [] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference therein in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available 
for viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and of the Issuer (http://www.orano.group/) and copies may be obtained from ORANO, 125, avenue de Paris 
– 92320 Châtillon, France. [In addition5, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] 
available for viewing [at/on] []].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as set 
out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Orano 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(c) 
[Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer on 
[insert date] (the Existing Notes) as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or about 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date (the Assimilation 
Date).] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination: 
[]6  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes or RMB Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
                                                     
5  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on Euronext Paris. 
6  
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum denomination amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[ per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/TEC10] +/– [] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Inflation-linked Interest] 
[If the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, specify all 
interest bases that apply] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.  
 
[Instalment] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs where applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Put Option] 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer] 
 
[Call Option] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated Notes 
(b) 
Dates of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer 
dated []] and [decision of the Directeur Général of the 
Issuer 
dated 
[]] 
[and 
[] 
[function] 
dated 
[]]7/[decision of [] [function] dated []]8 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of Business Day][adjusted in 
accordance with the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][for RMB Notes]/not adjusted] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per [] in nominal amount]9 
                                                     
7  
Relevant for issues of Notes constituting obligations under French law. 
8  
Only relevant for issues of Notes not constituting obligations under French law. 
9  
Not applicable for RMB Notes.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Note payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] []  
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual ([ICMA/ISDA])/ Actual/365 
(Fixed)/ Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)10] 
(f) 
[Interest]11 Determination Dates: 
 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. NB only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual ICMA or for RMB Notes) 
(g) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculation 
Interest Amounts (if not the Calculation 
Agent):12 
 
[]/Not Applicable]] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Interest Period(s) 
[] 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[], in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[]/the specified Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to [●]. 
(d) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(f) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5.1): 
[] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(h) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5.3(c)(ii)): 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/TEC10] 
                                                     
10  
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rates Notes. 
11  
Insert for RMB Notes. 
12  
RMB Notes only (insert name of RMB Rate Calculation Agent, if relevant).

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first calendar day in 
each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[]] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Specified Time: 
[] 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
(Condition 5.3(c)(i)): 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum13 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum14 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] per cent. per annum] 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA / ISDA]) / Actual/365 
(Fixed)/ Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Issuer Change of Interest Basis/Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis] 
(b) 
Switch Date: 
[] 
(c) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods preceding the Switch 
Date (excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5.2, as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 5.3, as 
                                                     
13  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
14  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [14/15] of these Final Terms 
(d) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods following the Switch 
Date (included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5.2, as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 5.3, as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [14/15] of these Final Terms 
(e) 
Notice period: 
[] / Not Applicable (only applicable where Change of 
Interest Basis is specified as “Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis”) 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6.9(a)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5.1): 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA / ISDA]) / Actual/365 
(Fixed)/ Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18. 
Inflation Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
[] 
(c) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention 
(e) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
(g) 
Base Reference: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: []) 
(h) 
Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA / ISDA]) / Actual/365 
(Fixed)/ Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]  
(j) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5.1): 
[] (Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to which 
item 28 relates) 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0%]/[+[] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option (Condition 6.6) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination  
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed: 
[] per Note 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed: 
[] per Note 
(d) 
Notice period15: 
[]/as per Conditions 
20. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
(Condition 6.3) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Benchmark Security: 
[] 
(b) 
Early Redemption Margin: 
[]% 
(c) 
Notice period16: 
[]/as per Conditions 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option (Condition 6.4) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
(a) 
Initial Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date:  
[]  
(b) 
Notice period17:  
[] / as per Conditions 
22. 
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 6.5) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
                                                     
15  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
16  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
17  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
23. 
Put Option (Condition 6.7) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination  
(c) 
Notice period18: 
[] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination/other]]/[As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes, as the case 
may be] 
25. 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Final Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(b) 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6.8 applies] 
(c) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(d) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Condition 6.10), for 
illegality (Condition 6.13) or on event 
of default (Condition 9): 
[[]]/[As provided below for Inflation Linked Notes, as 
the case may be] 
(b) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
permitted at any time (Condition 6.10): 
[Yes/No] 
                                                     
18  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
27. 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Early Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6.9(b) applies] 
(c) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(d) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes  
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)[/Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif)]]  
(b) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to registered dematerialised Notes only) 
29. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount of 
each instalment, date on which each payment is 
to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] 
(c) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[] 
(d) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[] 
31. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions of Condition 1.4 apply] 
32. 
Identification information of Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1.1: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
33. 
Possibility of holding and reselling purchased 
Notes in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations (Condition 6.11): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
34. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions of Condition 12.2 apply] 
35. 
Masse: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]]] / 
[As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to 
such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all the powers, 
rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de Commerce. A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as the Notes are 
held by more than one Noteholder.] 
36. 
[Payment in Euro Equivalent instead of US 
Dollar Equivalent in the case contemplated in 
Condition 7.5 for RMB Notes:]19 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third party information] 
has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Orano: 
Duly represented by: 
                                                     
19  
Only applicable (i) for RMB Notes and (ii) if Euro Equivalent is preferred to US Dollar Equivalent.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing: 
[Euronext 
Paris/other 
(specify)/None] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market] with effect from 
[].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [specify relevant regulated market]] 
with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [are 
expected to be] / [have been] rated:  
 
[S&P:  
 []] 
 
[Moody's:  
 []] 
 
[Fitch:  
 []] 
 
[[Other]:  
 []] 
 
[[Each of [], [] and] [] is established in the 
[European Union] and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended. As such, [each of 
[], [] and] [] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such 
regulation.]] 
[[Each of [], [] and] [] is not established in the 
United Kingdom and is not registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation). The rating issued by [each of [], 
[] and] [] of the Notes has been endorsed by 
[relevant UK rating agency], in accordance with UK 
CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As 
such, the ratings issued by [each of [], [] and] [] 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the United

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.]]20 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
“Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]/[]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Use of proceeds: 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from the “Use of 
Proceeds” wording of the Base Prospectus will need 
to include those reasons here.)  
(b) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent per annum. 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/TEC10] rates can be obtained from, [but not] free of charge, 
[Reuters/other]. 
                                                     
20 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the rating(s) of the Notes issued by the EEA CRA are 
to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/CMS Rate], which is provided 
by []. [As at [], [] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011) as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). [As at [●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]] 
7. 
[Inflation Linked only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING  
(a) 
Name of underlying index: [] 
(b) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, [but not] 
free of charge, from: []/[give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of volatility and 
performance] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where 
it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].]  
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(b) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[] 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued has 
been translated into Euro at the rate of [] producing 
a sum of: 
[] 
9. 
Distribution 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names of Managers] 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Manager: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Category 2 restrictions apply to the Notes

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 4 July 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated 
Market in a Member State of the EEA.  
2. 
Corporate authorisations  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the update of the Programme. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a decision of the Conseil d’administration held on 16 December 
2021. 
The Conseil d’administration of the Issuer, on 16 December 2021, has authorised the issue of obligations or 
other debt instruments up to a maximum aggregate amount of one billion five hundred million euros 
(€1,500,000,000) for a period of one year as from 16 December 2021. 
3. 
Significant Change and Material adverse change  
3.1 
Significant Change in the Financial Position or Financial Performance of the Issuer or the Group 
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2021.  
3.2 
Material Adverse Change in the Prospects of the Issuer or the Group 
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2021. 
4. 
Material contracts  
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
5. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
Except as disclosed in page 70 of the 2021 Annual Activity Report incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Group.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
6. 
Clearing 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems, which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of Clearstream 
is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
7. 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, the following documents will be available on 
the website of the Issuer (http://www.orano.group/): 
(a) 
the statuts of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
For so long as Notes may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the documents listed in (i) and (ii) will be 
available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (ii) and (iii) on the 
website of the Issuer (http://www.orano.group/): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market 
in the EEA; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus; 
and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
8. 
Statutory Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS have been audited by KPMG S.A. and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit as stated in their respective reports incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  
KPMG S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit are members of the regional professional body of the 
Commissaires aux Comptes, comply with the rules issued by the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes and are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes. 
9. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 calendar days after the date of

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
10. 
Ratings 
The Programme is currently rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). The Issuer was assigned 
a rating of BB+ with stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) on 15 June 2021. S&P is 
established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. Notes to be issued under the Programme may or may not be rated. Where an issue of Notes is 
rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer, the Programme or other 
Notes issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
11. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended 
(the Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to 
whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
12. 
Definitions  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro” 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (as amended from time to time), 
references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” or “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, 
references to “$”, “USD” or “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references 
to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” or “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to “Swiss francs” or 
“CHF” are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation and references to “RMB”, “CNY” or 
“Renminbi” refer to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, which for the purpose of this 
document excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong 
Kong), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan (the PRC). 
13. 
Forward-looking statements 
Certain statements contained in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements including, but not limited 
to, statements that are predictions of or indicate future events, trends, business strategies, expansion and growth 
of operations plans or objectives, competitive advantage and regulatory changes, based on certain assumptions 
and include any statement that does not directly relate to a historical fact or current fact. The Issuer may also 
make forward-looking statements in its audited annual financial statements, in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by 
its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words 
or phrases such as, without limitation, “anticipate”, “assume”, “believe”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”, 
“foresee”, “intend”, “may increase” and “may fluctuate” and similar expressions or by future or conditional 
verbs such as, without limitation, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could.” Undue reliance should not be placed 
on such statements, because, by their nature, they are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and 
other factors and actual results may differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled “Risk Factors” 
above. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake any obligation to update or 
revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events or circumstances or 
otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the 
Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended. 
14. 
Legal Entity Identifier  
The Legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500161UMNDC85C891. 
15. 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent, and their affiliates have and/or may 
in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and 
commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the 
Group. They have or may (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that 
may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as 
underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group. In the 
context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities 
of the Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. In particular, whilst a Calculation Agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives. 
16. 
Websites  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including for the 
avoidance of doubt any information on the websites which appear in the documents incorporated by references) 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
I declare, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
ORANO 
125, avenue de Paris 
92320 Châtillon 
Duly represented by: 
 
David Claverie 
Directeur financier  
(Chief Financial Officer) 
 
on 4 July 2022 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 4 July 2022 and is valid until 4 July 2023 and shall, during this period 
and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°22-264.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Orano 
125 avenue de Paris 
92320 Châtillon 
France 
Arranger 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Dealers  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
55 Boulevard Royal 
Edificio Encinar 
2449 - Luxembourg 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Luxembourg 
Madrid 
 
Spain 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
75009 Paris  
CS 70052 
France 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
 
France 
 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
6, avenue de Provence 
Marienturm 
75009 Paris Cedex 9 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
France 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Germany 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE  
38, avenue Kléber 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
75116 Paris 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75013 Paris 
75009 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 44308 Nantes CEDEX 3 
France

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
KPMG S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
Tour EQHO 
63, rue de Villiers 
2 avenue Gambetta 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine cedex 
92066 Paris-La-Défense 
France 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
52, avenue Hoche 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France