--- Page 1 ---
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1
Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2022
ORANGE
(Established as a société anonyme in the Republic of France)
EURO 35,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME
Under its €35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Orange ("Orange" or the "Issuer"), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The 
Notes may be issued as senior notes (the "Senior Notes") or as subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 35,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes).
This base prospectus as may be supplemented from time to time (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of, and for the purposes of 
giving information with regard to Orange and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole (the "Group"), and the Notes which is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects 
of Orange and the rights attached to the Notes, the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.
This Base Prospectus received approval no. 22-199 on 8 June 2022 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and shall be in 
force for a period of one year as of the date of its approval by the AMF provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the 
Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Application may be made during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, for Notes 
to be issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris")
and/or any other regulated market located in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Directive 
2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (each such market being, a "Regulated Market"). The Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be unlisted or listed on an alternative stock exchange or market. The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any 
Notes (the "Final Terms"), forms of which are contained herein, will specify whether or not an application has been or will be made for
such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s) where the Notes will be 
listed and/or admitted to trading.
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be €100,000 and, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency.
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Baa1 (senior unsecured) / Baa3 (junior 
subordinated) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") and BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P, Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's and
BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch and (ii) for its short-term debt, A2 by S&P, P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch. Each of such credit rating 
agencies is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") 
and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Market Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer or to other Notes issued under the Programme. The ratings of the Notes issued 
under the Programme are expected to be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody's Inverstors Services Ltd and Fitch Ratings 
in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings to be issued by S&P, Fitch and Moody's may be used for
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency without notice. 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms related to Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be available on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer's website (www.orange.com) and copies of such documents may be obtained, during 
normal business hours, free of charge from the registered office of Orange.
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to 
invest in the Notes issued under the Programme.
Arrangers
BNP Paribas
BofA Securities 
Dealers
Barclays
BNP Paribas
BofA Securities
Citigroup
Crédit Agricole CIB
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE
HSBC
J.P. Morgan
Morgan Stanley
Natixis
NatWest Markets
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 -
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto that may be 
published from time to time and with any other documents incorporated by reference therein in accordance 
with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), each of 
which shall be incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Tranche (as 
defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
(including for the avoidance of doubt any information on the websites which appear in the documents
incorporated by references) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AMF.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by Orange, the Dealers or the Arrangers (each defined in section "Subscription and Sale of the Notes"). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Orange or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of Orange or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by Orange, the 
Dealers and the Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.
No action has been taken by the Issuer or any of the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or in the case of Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or, in the case of Materialised Notes in 
bearer form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "U.S. Internal Revenue Code").
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see section "Subscription and Sale of the Notes".
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
Orange, the Dealers or the Arrangers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
The Arrangers and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or none of the Arrangers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any financial statements (including any information incorporated by reference) are intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and nor should they be considered as a recommendation by any of 
Orange, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or of any financial 
statements (including any information incorporated by reference) should purchase the Notes. In making an 
investment decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent 
investigation and appraisal of the Issuer or the Group and the terms of the offering, including the merits and 
risks involved. For further details, see section "Risk Factors" herein. The contents of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 -
determine for itself and/or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an 
investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers or none of the Arrangers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of Orange or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers.
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arrangers and the Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Green Eligible Projects 
and/or Social Eligible Projects (as defined herein), any verification of whether the Green Eligible Projects 
and/or Social Eligible Projects meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (or amounts equal thereto). Investors should refer to the 
Framework (as defined herein) as the same may be amended from time to time, the Second Party Opinion (as 
defined herein) delivered in respect thereof as amended or superseded from time to time, and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuers in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds for further information. The Framework and Second Party 
Opinion, and any such public reporting, will not be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and neither 
the Arrangers nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018 and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, 
("MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity 
and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 -
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Service and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared or will be 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(REVISED EDITION 2020) OF SINGAPORE – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (Revised 
Edition 2020) of Singapore" - Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "SF (CMP) Regulations") that, unless otherwise 
stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products as defined in SF (CMP) Regulations and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's 
advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. 
Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 -
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and
(vi)
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable 
restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.
Independent review and advice
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above.
Legality of purchase
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by 
that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.
Provision of information
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the 
Inflation Indices (as defined hereafter). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the 
Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in 
the context of the Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation 
on the part of any such persons to disclose to the Noteholders or any other party such information (whether 
or not confidential).

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 -
TABLE OF CONTENTS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME............................................................................7
RISK FACTORS.....................................................................................................................................16
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE..........................................................................33
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS...................................................................................38
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ....................................................................39
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES....................................................83
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATE ..........................................................................................121
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES.................................................................................122
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES......................................................................126
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES .....................................................143
USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................................159
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .......................................................................................................160
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS...............................................................................................................161
GENERAL INFORMATION ...............................................................................................................178
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS.....183

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 -
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof.
Words and expressions defined under the section "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" or the section "Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" below shall have the same meaning in this general description of the Programme.
Issuer:
Orange
LEI
969500MCOONR8990S771
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the offer of Notes (the "Programme")
Use of Proceeds:
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, except otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, as 
described in the relevant Final Terms, will be used by the Issuer either (i) for general 
corporate purposes including for the financing or the refinancing of its current 
indebtedness or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Green 
Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and 
described in the Issuer's sustainability financing framework (as may be amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Framework").
The Framework received a second party opinion from Vigeo Eiris.
The Framework and the second party opinion are available on the Issuer’s website
(https://www.orange.com).
Arrangers:
BNP Paribas and BofA Securities Europe SA.
Dealers:
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. 
Morgan SE, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V. and Société 
Générale.
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed as Dealer and to such additional persons that are from 
time to time appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and 
all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.
Programme 
Limit:
Euro 35,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.
Risk factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading "Risk factors 
relating to the Issuer" in the section headed "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading 
"Risks factors relating to the Notes" in the section headed "Risk Factors" of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 -
Fiscal Agent, 
Paying Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent and
Calculation 
Agent:
Société Générale
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent:
Aether Financial Services
Form of Notes:
The Notes will constitute obligations under French law. The Notes may be issued in either 
dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised 
Notes").
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in either bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form. 
Method of Issue:
The Notes may be issued as senior notes (the "Senior Notes") or as subordinated notes 
(the "Subordinated Notes").
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Maturities:
The Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date will have 
maturities as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
The Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date will have no fixed maturity date.
Currencies:
Notes may be denominated and/or payable in any currency as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to all applicable consents being obtained and compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Denomination(s):
The Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes) in circumstances which require the 
publication of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.
Status of the 
Senior Notes:
The Senior Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of the negative plegde below) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall rank pari passu and without any

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 -
preference among themselves and subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law, equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.
Status of the 
Subordinated
Notes:
The Subordinated Notes are deeply subordinated notes of the Issuer issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. The obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of principal, interest and other amounts (including for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Arrears of Interest) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply 
subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future 
Parity Securities of the Issuer, but shall be subordinated to present and future prêts 
participatifs granted to the Issuer and to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and to 
Unsubordinated Obligations of, or issued by, the Issuer. The Notes shall rank in priority to 
any Junior Securities.
Prohibition of 
set- off 
(Subordinated 
notes only):
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, 
or arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, 
by virtue of its holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation or retention.
Negative Pledge
(Senior Notes 
only):
So long as any of the Senior Notes remains outstanding the Issuer will not, and shall 
ensure that none of its principal subsidiaries, as determined at the time on the basis of 
various criteria (each, a "Principal Subsidiary") will, create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (each a 
"Security Interest") upon the whole or any part of its/their respective assets or revenues 
of whatever nature present or future, to secure any market and over-the-counter 
indebtedness, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any market and over-the-
counter indebtedness, unless at the same time or prior thereto the Issuer's obligations under 
the Senior Notes and Coupons are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit from a 
Security Interest or guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto to the
extent permitted by French or other applicable law or regulation.
Redemption 
Amount:
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable calculated on the 
basis as specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated 
Notes.
Early
Redemption:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole 
or in part, as the case may be) and/or the Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption, in accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes and of the Subordinated Notes.
Call Option
(Senior Notes 
only):
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described) in relation to all or, if so 
provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, 
as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to 
the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest).
Optional 
Redeemption 
(Subordinated 
Notes only):
If a Optional Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer 
may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described) in relation to all or, if so 
provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or on any date during any 
Residual Redemption Period, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest).
Make-Whole 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives redeem, (i) with 
respect to Senior Notes, in whole or in part the Senior Notes and (ii) with respect to

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 -
Redemption:
Subordinated Notes, all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, at their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount.
Clean-up Call 
Option:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer may, in the event that, 
following any purchase or partial redemption of the Notes by the Issuer, the aggregate 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes of that Series is equal to, or lower than, 25% of 
the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes or any lower percentage (the "Clean-
Up Percentage") as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, at its option, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest), provided that if Make-Whole Redemption is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and the Issuer has partially exercised the make-whole redemption
option referred to in Condition 7.2.2, the clean-up call option shall not be exercised within
a period of six (6) months as from any Make-Whole Redemption Date.
Pre-Maturity 
Call Option
(Senior Notes 
only):
If a Pre-Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Senior Notes in that Series at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and including) the "Pre-
Maturity Call Option Date" (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date.
Put Option 
(Senior Notes 
only):
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, redeem the relevant Note(s) on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest).
Redemption
following an
Accounting
Event
(Subordinated 
Notes only):
If an Accounting Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its optionredeem 
all the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) on any day from the Accounting Event
Adoption Date at the Early Redemption Amount.
Redemption
following an 
Equity Credit
Rating Event
(Subordinated 
Notes only):
If an Equity Credit Rating Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its
option redeem all the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at any time at the Early
Redemption Amount, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
may be given shall be no earlier than the last calendar day before the date on which the 
Subordinated Notes are assigned a level of equity credit that is lower than the level or 
equivalent level of equity credit assigned to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating 
Agency on the Issue Date, or if such equity credit was not assigned on the Issue Date, at 
the date when the equity credit was assigned for the first time.
Redemption for 
taxation reason:
See Condition 7.6 (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and Condition 7.3 (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes.
Taxation:
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such 
withholding or deduction is required by French law, the Issuer will have to gross-up its 
payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject to certain exemptions.
Interest Periods 
and Interest 
Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its 
method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both, provided that in no 
event shall the rate of interest be less than zero. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Optionnal 
Interest Deferral 
(Subordinated 
Interest payments shall only be due and payable if the Issuer so elects, in accordance with 
the provisions of the following paragraphs.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 -
Notes only):
Optional Interest Payments
If Optional Interest Payments is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at any time and at its sole discretion, elect to defer in whole or in part the 
payment of interest accrued on the Notes in respect of any Interest Period by giving notice 
of such election to the Noteholders; except in relation to a payment of interest to be made
on an Interest Payment Date falling on the date of redemption of the Notes. If the Issuer
makes such an election, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make such payment and any 
such non-payment or partial payment of interest shall not constitute a default of the Issuer or 
any other breach of obligations under the Notes.
Any interest in respect of the Notes which has not been paid at the election of the Issuer in 
accordance with this paragraph will be deferred and shall constitute "Arrears of Interest"
and shall be payable as outlined below.
Arrears of Interest
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount thereon) may at the 
option of the Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time, provided that all Arrears of 
Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) in respect of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on 
the date (the "Mandatory Settlement Date") which is the earliest of:
(a)
the tenth (10th) Business Day following the occurrence of a Mandatory
Payment Event;
(b)
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not 
elect to defer all or part of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest
Period;
(c)
the date on which the Notes are redeemed; or
(d)
upon a judgment is made for the judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation 
judiciaire), or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer
(cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial
recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or in the event of the voluntary 
dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in 
all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or
merger or other reorganization outside the context of an insolvency whereby the
survivingentity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes).
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest in accordance with Article 1343-2 of 
the French Code civil as if it constituted the principal of the Notes at a rate which 
corresponds to the rate of interest from time to time applicable to the Notes (the "Arrears
Interest Rate") and the amount of such interest (the "Additional Interest Amount") with 
respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable pursuant to this paragraph and shall
be calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the Arrears Interest Rate to the amount of
the Arrears of Interest.
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts:
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts are paid in 
part:
(a)
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before any
Additional Interest Amounts;
(b)
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment
has been made of all Arrears of Interest that have accrued duringany earlier period
and the order of payment of Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the 
Arrears of Interest to which they relate; and
(c)
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of any of the Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the total 
amount of all unpaid Arrears of Interest or, as the case may be, Additional
Interest Amounts accrued on the Notes in respect of that period to the date of
payment.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 -
Fixed Rate 
Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Resettable Notes
(Subordinated 
Notes only):
In respect of Subordinated Notes, Resettable Notes for which the interest rate shall be a 
fixed interest rate resettable at different reset dates may be issued by the Issuer.
Floating Rate 
Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined as follows:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant specified currency governed by an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions published by the Fédération Bancaire Française; or
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant specified currency governed by an agreement incorporating either the 
2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivaties 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(b)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service or on the basis of market quotations, subject to 
provisions of a benchmark discontinuation, if applicable,
in each case, plus or minus the margin (if any).
Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes:
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for which a change of interest is specified to be applicable may 
be issued by the Issuer.
Zero Coupon 
Notes (Senior 
Notes only):
In respect of Senior Notes, Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest.
Inflation Linked 
Notes (Senior 
Notes only):
In respect of Senior Notes, Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the 
interest and/or the principal in respect of such Senior Notes will be calculated by reference 
to an inflation index ratio derived from either:
-
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques; or
-
the harmonized index of consumer price excluding tobacco, or the relevant 
successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat; or
-
the United States non-seasonally adjusted consumer price index for all urban 
consumers as reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. 
Department of Labor and published by Bloomberg page "CPURNSA" or any 
successor source.
Benchmark 
Discontinuation:
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to determine a successor or an 
alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such 
Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 6.2.3(d)
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and
Condition 6.3.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes for further information.
Mid-Swap Rate 
Discontinuation
(Subordinated 
Notes only):
In the event that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original mid-swap 
rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser 
to determine a successor or an alternative mid-swap rate (with consequent amendment to 
the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). See 
Condition 6.2.3 (Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 -
Subordinated Notes for further information.
Events of Default 
(Senior Notes 
only):
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the Senior Notes as set out 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes.
Enforcement 
Events, no 
Events of Default 
and no Cross 
Default 
(Subordinated 
Notes only):
There are no events of default in respect of the Subordinated Notes. There is no cross 
default under the Subordinated Notes.
However, each Subordinated Note shall become immediately due and payable at its 
principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, to the date of payment and
any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon), in the event 
that a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the
business of the Issuer (cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to theopening of a judicial 
recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or in the event of a voluntary dissolution of 
the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above, 
other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation
outside the context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of
the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes). No payments will be made to holders of any 
class of the share capital of the Issuer before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all
Noteholders have been paid by the Issuer.
Governing Law:
French law. 
Clearing 
Systems:
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in relation 
to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.
Initial Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes:
Not later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the application form 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary.
Initial Delivery 
of Materialised 
Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount. 
Settlement 
procedure of the
Notes:
Any Notes issued under the Programme as Dematerialised Bearer Notes will be accepted 
for clearance through Euroclear France as central depositary.
Any Notes issued under the Programme as Materialised Bearer Notes will be represented 
initially upon issue by Temporary Global Certificates and will be accepted for clearance 
through Clearstream or Euroclear or any other relevant clearing system.
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) 
issued under the Programme will be paid in cash.
Approval -
Admission to 
trading and 
listing:
Application may be made to the regulated market of Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris")
during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this 
Base Prospectus, for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other regulated market located in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") appearing on the 
list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (each 
such market being, a "Regulated Market"). The Notes issued under the Programme may 
also be unlisted or listed on an alternative stock exchange or market. The relevant final 
terms in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not 
an application has been or will be made for such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s) where the Notes

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 -
will be listed and/or admitted to trading.
Method of 
Publication:
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market will always be published on the websites of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and Orange (www.orange.com).
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
other than Euronext Paris, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) such 
Regulated Market or (y) the competent authority of the Member State in the EEA where 
such Regulated Market is situated.
Selling 
Restrictions:
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France or in any other Member State of 
the EEA or in the United Kingdom. The Issuer and the Dealers have agreed other
restrictions on the offer, sale and delivery of the Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in France, the United Kingdom, Japan, the United States of America, Hong-Kong, 
the People's Republic of China and Singapore. However, the Notes may be freely 
transferred in the relevant clearing system(s). See the section headed "Subscription and 
Sale" of this Base Prospectus.
The Notes will only be issued in circumstances which comply with the laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements which apply to the Notes from time to 
time including the restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions applicable at the date of the Base Prospectus.
Rating:
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the long-term debt ratings of the Issuer assigned by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A.
("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), are BBB+ (stable outlook), 
Baa1 (stable outlook) and BBB+ (stable outlook), respectively. The short-term debt ratings 
of the Issuer assigned by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch are A2, P2 and F2, respectively.
Each of such credit rating agencies is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Market Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant 
Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Issuer or other Notes issued under the Programme. The ratings of the Notes issued 
under the Programme are expected to be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
Moody's Inverstors Services Ltd and Fitch Ratings in accordance with the Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings 
to be issued by S&P, Fitch and Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning credit rating agency without notice.
Representation 
of Noteholders:
The Noteholders will be grouped automatically for the defence of their respective common 
interests in a masse (the "Masse") and the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the 
French Code de commerce relating to the Masse, with the exception of Articles L. 228-59, 
R. 228-61 and R. 228-69 of the French Code de commerce, as supplemented by the 
applicable Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes, shall 
apply. The Masse will be a separate legal entity, and will be acting in part through a 
representative and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting or through a 
consultation in writing. If and for so long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, such 
Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Noteholders

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 -
acting through collective decisions by the provisions of the French Code de Commerce.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 -
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer, 
the Group or any of its subsidiaries.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent the main 
risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or 
other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The risks described below and in the documents 
incorporated by reference are not the only risks the Issuer, the Group or any of its subsidiaries face. Additional risks and 
uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that are currently believed to be immaterial could also have a material 
impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents incorporated by reference herein and the Final Terms of 
the relevant Notes) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should 
make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme.
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence.
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" or the 
section "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes".
1.
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group
Risks factors linked to the Issuer and its activity are described on pages 50 to 56 of the French language Document 
d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the financial year 2021 (the "2021 Universal Registration 
Document") which was filed with the AMF on 31 March 2022 under registration number D.22-0222 and which
pages are incorporated by reference herein (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference").
Operational risks

A high concentration of Orange’s critical suppliers and global supply tensions for a large number of 
products represent a risk for the Group’s activities;

Orange is faced with constantly increasing demand for connectivity and must therefore accelerate the 
rollout of its networks while improving quality of service, but such investments are constrained by the 
availability of resources;

Orange is exposed to the risk of an interruption of its services, especially in case of cyberattacks;

The shift of Orange’s ecosystem toward a more open and fragmented model enables global players to 
take an increasing share of the service and network value chain;

A large part of Orange’s revenues is generated in highly competitive and regulated markets, where 
pricing pressure remains;

Orange is exposed to risks of inappropriate disclosure or modification of stakeholder data in its 
possession, particularly in the event of cyberattacks;

Orange’s broad geographic footprint and the scope of its activities expose it to geopolitical, 
macroeconomic, fiscal and regulatory risks;

The development of Mobile Financial Services activities in an increasing number of countries confronts 
Orange with risks specific to this sector in each of its host countries;

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 -

Orange’s technical infrastructure is vulnerable to damage caused by intentional or accidental damage, but 
also by natural disasters, the occurrence of which is increased due to climate change;

Orange’s strategy to develop its new growth drivers may fail to yield the expected results;

The Group’s brand policy, combined with a strategy of geographic expansion and diversification into 
new businesses, represents a risk for the Orange brand image;

The scope of Orange’s business activities and the interconnection of its networks expose the company to 
a variety of acts of technical fraud, specific to the telecommunication sector.
Legal risks

Orange operates in highly regulated markets, and its business activities and earnings could be materially 
affected by changes in laws or regulations, including those that are extraterritorial in nature, or by 
changes in government policy;

Orange is regularly involved in litigation, the outcome of which could have a material adverse effect on 
its earnings, financial position or reputation;
Financial risks
Liquidity risk

Orange’s earnings and outlook could be affected if conditions of access to capital markets were to 
become difficult;
Risk of asset impairment 

Changes affecting the economic, political or regulatory environment may result in asset impairment, 
particularly of goodwill;
Credit-rating risks

A change in Orange’s credit rating could increase the cost of debt and in some cases limit access to the 
financing Orange needs;
Non-financial risks

Orange is exposed, particularly as a result of cyberattacks, to risks of inappropriate disclosure or 
modification of personal data, especially those of its customers; 

Orange faces a variety of internal and external risks relating to human health and safety;

In the future, Orange may find it difficult to obtain and retain the skills needed for its business on a 
long‑term basis due to numerous employee departures and ever‑faster developments in its activities;

Orange is exposed to risks of corruption, or individual or collective behavior that is not in line with its 
business ethics or which may also be fraudulent;

Orange and some of its stakeholders are exposed to physical and transitional risks related to climate 
change;

The scope of Orange’s business activities, its numerous locations around the world, and its business 
dealings with a variety of partners may expose the Group to a risk of breaching human rights and 
fundamental freedoms;

Exposure to electromagnetic fields from telecommunications equipment could have harmful effects on 
health and the perception of such a risk could hinder the development of services. Excessive and

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 -
inappropriate use of telecommunication services and equipment could also have harmful consequences on 
health;

The rapid development of new uses and technologies may jeopardize the commitments made by Orange 
with regard to reducing its environmental impact.
2.
Risk factors relating to the Notes
2.1
Risks related to all Series of Notes
French Insolvency Law
The Issuer is a société anonyme à conseil d'administration with its registered office in France. In the event that the 
Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to 
the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as 
amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of 
debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 
dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws 
notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to 
this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders), as well as secured 
and unsecured receivables, shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto 
power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several 
classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-
class cram down.
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required.
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions.
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Masse described in Condition 12 (Representation of 
Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and in Condition 12 (Representation of 
Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not be applicable to the extent they are 
not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, 
could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment.
Credit risk
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), 
Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") and BBB+ (stable outlook) by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and (ii) for its short-term debt, A2 by S&P, P2 by Moody's and F2 by 
Fitch. If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholder could be 
significant because: (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, 
(ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 -
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer mays affect the market value of the Notes
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P, Baa1 (senior unsecured) / Baa3 (junior subordinated) by Moody's 
and BBB+ by Fitch. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ 
(stable outlook) by S&P, Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch and (ii) for its 
short-term debt, A2 by S&P, P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch. Such ratings are subject to reviews from time to time 
by the independent credit rating agencies which assign such credit ratings.
In addition, one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those arising from 
the Notes. Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer may negatively affect the 
market value of the relevant Notes and, as a result, investors could lose part of their investment in the Notes.
Any such ratings may not continue for any period of time or they may be reviewed, revised, suspended or 
withdrawn entirely by the relevant rating agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in 
the rating agencies' judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any rating agency other than S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited could seek to rate the Notes and 
if such unsolicited ratings are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the Notes by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, such unsolicited ratings 
could have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose part of their 
investment in the Notes.
Modification and waivers
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defense of their 
common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
of the Subordinated Notes permit in certain cases defined majorities in respect of all Tranches of any Series to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend or were not represented and did not vote at the relevant 
General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not 
respond to, or rejected, a Consultation in Writing. Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on 
proposals relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated 
Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal is duly adopted through such a Collective 
Decision and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may have a negative impact 
on the market value of the Notes.
2.2
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry 
varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the 
provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price.
(a)
Notes subject to early redemption
Early redemption risk
The Issuer has the option to redeem the Senior Notes:

under a call option as provided in Condition 7.2.1 (Call Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify; or

under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7.2.2 (Make-whole redemption) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms so specify; or

under a pre-maturity call option as provided in Condition 7.2.3 (Pre-Maturity Call Option by the Issuer) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 -
relevant Final Terms so specify; or

under a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7.2.4 (Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms so specify.
The Issuer has also the option to redeem all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes:

under an optional redemption as provided in Condition 7.2.1 (Optional Redemption) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms so specify; or

under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7.2.2 (Make-whole redemption) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms so specify; or

under a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7.2.3 (Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms so specify; or

if an Accounting Event occurs as provided in Condition 7.4 (Redemption following an Aaccounting Event) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and, in the case of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify; or

if an Equity Credit Rating Event occurs as provided in Condition 7.5 (Redemption following an Equity 
Credit Rating Event)of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and, in the case of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify.
In the event the Issuer redeems the Notes as provided in Condition 7 and as described above, if the market interest 
rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases. As a 
consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of 
the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. An investor generally may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. During any period when the Issuer may elect 
to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
In particular, with respect to the clean-up call option, there is no obligation under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes for the Issuer to inform the Noteholders if and when the threshold of 
25% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes or the Clean-Up Percentage of a particular Series of 
Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the clean-up call option, the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.
Redemption for tax reasons
Pursuant to Condition 7.6 of (Redemption for taxation reasons) the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 7.3 (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, in the 
event that, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application or interpretation of such 
law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by France, or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated 
Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, it could have a negative 
impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns.
(b)
Interest rate risks

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 -
Fixed Rate Notes
Condition 6.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes allows for Fixed 
Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Renminbi) to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear 
interest at a fixed rate involves the risk if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid in the 
Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the relevant Notes.
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a given 
period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the 
Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate 
increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the yield of the Note equals approximately the Market 
Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the 
yield of the bond equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. 
The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Notes if 
a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes.
Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6.2.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.3.1 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes allow for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate 
comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. 
Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced 
by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Therefore, the amount of interest payable by the Issuer may vary and 
Noteholders may receive no interest. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding 
the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the 
relevant margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be 
less than zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount 
payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and 
result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes.
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definitive 
yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared 
with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That 
is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes allow for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest 
at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest rate (whether it be automatic or optional) will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes having the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate may be lower at any time than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and 
any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
Investors should also refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating Rate 
Notes" above.
Notes issued at a substantial premium

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 -
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of 
securities issued at a substantial premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial premium could be 
exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities.
Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor
Condition 6.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.7 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes allow the issue of Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor. Notes with a multiplier 
or other leverage factor can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or other leverage 
factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values may be even more volatile than 
those for securities that do not include those features. A leverage factor may be applied to certain Notes in order to 
determine the interest amount payable on such Notes. Such leverage factor will magnify any negative performance 
of any applicable underlying reference rate. Any such volatility may negatively impact the price of the Notes and 
cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment.
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes linked to or
referencing such "benchmarks"
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
Conditions 6.2 and 6.3.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and where the applicable Final 
Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes and/or Resettable Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes 
will be determined by reference to Reference Rates or, as the case may be, Mid-Swap Rates that constitute
"benchmarks" (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")) and, with respect to Senior Notes only, 
the Constant Maturity Swap rate ("CMS Rate")), investors should be aware that such benchmarks are the subject 
of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to change their methodology or other terms, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes referencing such a "benchmark".
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the European Union. Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United 
Kingdom ("UK").
The Benchmarks Regulation (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by 
EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Similarly, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") or registered on the FCA 
register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and Conditions 6.2.3 (Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation) and 6.3.3(d) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes which seek to offset any adverse effects 
for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on the market value and return of 
any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark (including EURIBOR and CMS Rate).
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 -
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark.
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the 
existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material 
benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021.
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023.
The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary.
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks 
on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable 
fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback 
provision included in the Condition 6.2.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation)of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and Conditions 6.2.3 (Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation) and 6.3.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation)of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, a benchmark is replaced by another benchmark which no 
longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the 
benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated. 
This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued 
under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time or may perform differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. However, there are still some 
uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions as implementing acts must still be adopted.
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to or 
which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable 
to such Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating Rate Notes
or Resettable Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). Depending on the manner in which a 
benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated 
Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the 
application of a backward-looking risk-free overnight rate, whereas the relevant benchmark is expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate 
Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event could have an adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"
In respect of the Resettable Notes, Condition 6.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (both as defined in Condition 6.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes), determined by an Independent Adviser and such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) in order to take account of any adjustement factor to 
make such rates comparable to rates quoted on the basis of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate.
In respect of the Floating Rate Notes, where Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes is specified in the
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Condition 6.2.3(d) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.3.3(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, 
including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (such as CMS Rate
with respect to Senior Notes only but shall exclude SONIA for which the determination is specified in Condition 
6.2.3.(c)(vi) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.3.3(c)(iv) of the Terms and

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 -
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes 
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to 
calculate interest on any Floating Rate Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or 
otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without 
the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive, negative or equal to zero, and would 
be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper 
operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without 
the consent of the Noteholders.
In certain circumstances, including (i) where no Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, (ii) due to uncertainty relating to the availability of a no 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
or (iii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, if an Independent Adviser is appointed, such 
Independent Adviser is unable to act, the fallback rules may not apply as expected at the relevant time. In such a 
scenario, alternative fallback rules may be applied, resulting in the rate of interest for such Interest Period being
based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out in the risk factor entitled 
"Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks" above.
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Note, as 
the case may be. In a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates. Any 
such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes, as the case may be, or Resettable Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Resettable Notes or the Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should 
note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Mid-Swap Rate, 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and could have an adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any such Notes.
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event or Mid-Swap Benchmark Event (as applicable) could result in the loss of a portion of the 
principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Over Night Index Average ("SONIA") as reference 
rate for Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Condition 6.3.3 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes allow Notes referencing the SONIA to be issued and Condition 6.2.3 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allow Notes with a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate relying on 
SONIA to be issued. Currently, the market continues to develop in relation to the adoption of the SONIA as an 
alternative reference rate to LIBOR. Investors should be aware that the market may adopt an application of 
SONIA that differs significantly from the provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes and used in relation to Notes with a floating rate of interest
or a mid-swap rate that reference SONIA. Interest on Notes which reference SONIA is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant interest period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and it could be difficult for investors to estimate in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such 
Notes. 
(c)
Risks relating to the use of the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 -
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to issue 
"green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds" and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the Green Eligible Projects 
(such Notes being "Green Bonds") or from any of the Social Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Social Bonds") 
or from both the Green Eligible Projects and the Social Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Sustainability
Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as further described in the 
Issuer's sustainability financing framework (as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Framework") which is available on the website of the Issuer (https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=a379c472-
d1d5-4bcc-ab11-e4ecb7f0d665&srchEv=true&srchQy=vigeo&srchTp=all&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-
97664864ca76).
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a 
"green", "social", "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled project is still under development. A basis for the 
determination of such a definition has been established in the European Union with the adoption on 18 June 2020
of Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment by the 
Council and the European Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a 
single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common 
language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. A first 
delegated act establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic 
activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for 
determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental was 
published on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021. However, the Taxonomy Regulation remains
subject to further development.
As a result, alignment of the qualification of Green Eligible Projects or Social Eligible Projects as "green" or 
"social" pursuant to the Taxonomy Regulation is not certain. Furthermore, any project included in the Framework
may not meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives or any adverse environmental and/or other impacts may occur during the 
implementation of any project included in the Framework.
The use of the proceeds for financing or refinancing any projects included in the Green Eligible Projects and/or
Social Eligible Projects may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
The second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris (the "Second Party Opinion") or any opinion or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue 
of any Notes and in particular with any Green Eligible Projects and/or any Social Eligible Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. Currently, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight.
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or, if obtained, any such listing or admission to trading may not be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability
Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant project(s) or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects may not be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and, accordingly,
such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such projects, and such projects may not be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event 
of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance such

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 -
projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose and, consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected.
(d)
Additional risks relating to the Senior Notes
Risks related to a partial redemption of the Senior Notes
If, in the case of any particular Tranche of Senior Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that a Put Option is 
applicable (as more fully described in Condition 7.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes), each 
Noteholder will have the right to request the Issuer to redeem all or part of its Senior Notes at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest thereon. In such case, any trading market in respect of 
those Senior Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become less liquid or illiquid. In addition, 
investors may only be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with a 
lower yield than the redeemed Notes.
In addition, the Issuer has the option to partially exercise the Call Option (provided in Condition 7.2.1 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes) and the Make-Whole Redemption option (provided in Condition 7.2.2
of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes) with respect to a Series of Senior Notes. In the case of a partial 
redemption of or a partial exercise of such Call Option or Make-Whole Redemption option by the Issuer in respect 
of Dematerialised Notes, the partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. Depending on the proportion of 
principal amount of all of the Senior Notes so reduced, any trading market in respect of these Dematerialised 
Senior Notes may become illiquid, which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a negative impact 
on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Senior Notes. In such circumstances, the market value of 
the Senior Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may be negatively affected and Noteholders may 
lose part of their investment.
Zero Coupon Notes
Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued.
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on 
the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same maturity and credit 
rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher 
losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. 
Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Zero Coupon Notes.
Inflation Linked Notes
Condition 6.2.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes allows for Inflation Linked Notes to be issued. 
Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the performance 
of an inflation index, which will be either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France (the "CPI") as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et 
des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE"), or (ii) the harmonized index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the 
relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP"), or (iii) the United States non-seasonally adjusted 
consumer price index for all urban consumers (the "US CPI") as reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor (the "BLS") and published by Bloomberg page "CPURNSA" or any 
successor source (each an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). 
If the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the 
relevant index at the time of the issue of the Inflation Linked Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, 
then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Potential 
investors in Inflation Linked Notes should be aware that (i) they may receive no interest or only receive a limited 
amount of interest and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 -
Renminbi-denominated Notes
Senior Notes denominated in RMB ("RMB Notes") may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes contain 
particular risks for potential investors, including the following: 
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and outside the 
PRC ; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may affect the liquidity of the 
RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes.
Renminbi is not freely convertible at the present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies.
Although the People’s Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi 
and to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalize control over cross-
border remittance of Renminbi in the future, the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation may be 
discontinued or new PRC regulations may be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or 
eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, the PRC Government may impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-
border remittance of Renminbi.
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its obligations under the RMB 
Notes may be adversely affected.
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited. 
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints 
imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC laws and regulations may be promulgated 
or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited clearing of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC will not be terminated or amended in the future, each of which may have the effect 
of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may 
affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to 
service its RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should 
the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB 
Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into 
Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time.
(e)
Additional risks relating to the Subordinated Notes
The Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer
and Noteholders face a significantly higher performance risk than holders of Unsubordinated Obligations and 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer (such as the Senior Notes)
Pursuant to Condition 4.1 (Deeply Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the
Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply (i.e. junior
ranking) subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future Parity Securities of the Issuer (as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), but shall be subordinated to present and future prêts
participatifs granted to the Issuer and to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) and to Unsubordinated Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes) of, or issued by, the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes shall rank in priority to any Junior
Securities. As of 31 December 2021, the Group current and non-current financial liabilities (excluding derivatives) 
included in the calculation of net financial debt (telecom activities) represented €35,348 millions and was 
unsecured, ranking senior to the Notes. As of 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s perpetual subordinated bonds 
carried in equity amounted to €5,497 millions, ranking pari passu with the Notes.
Condition 3.2 of (Payment on the Notes upon a liquidation proceeding of the Issuer) the Terms and Conditions of the
Subordinated Notes provides that in the event of any judgment rendered by any competent court declaring the
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 -
the Issuer (cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement
judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other 
reason (in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other 
reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the
Issuer under the Subordinated Notes), the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Subordinated Notes will be
subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (includingholders of Unsubordinated
Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes)), of the ordinary subordinated
creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Ordinary Subordinated Obligations), of lenders in relation to prêts 
participatifs granted to the Issuer, if and to the extent that there is still cash available for those payments. The 
claims of the Noteholders under the Subordinated Notes are intended to be senior only to claims of any
shareholders.
Thus, the Noteholders face a significantly higher performance risk than holders of unsubordinated and ordinary 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which could result in (i) a loss of all or a part of a Noteholder’s investment
in the event of a liquidation and (ii) more volatility in the market value of the Subordinated Notes as compared to 
senior obligations issued by the Issuer. In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, the Subordinated Notes shall rank 
in priority only to any payment to holders of Junior Securities. In the event of incomplete payment of creditors
ranking senior to the Noteholders, the obligations of the Issuer and the relative interest will be terminated which 
could result in a loss of all or a part of a Noteholder’s investment.
No limitation on issuing or guaranteeing debt ranking senior to, or pari passu with the Subordinated Notes
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provides that there will be
no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes, as a result there is no restriction in the Terms and Conditions
of the Subordinated Notes on the amount of debt which the Issuer may issue or guarantee. The Issuer and its
subsidiaries and affiliates may incur additional indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect of indebtedness of third
parties, including indebtedness or guarantees that rank pari passu with, or senior to, the Subordinated Notes. An 
increase of the outstanding amount of such securities or other liabilities may if such outstanding amount were to 
exceed the assets of the Issuer materially reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up 
(dissolution) of the Issuer and Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment if the Issuer were liquidated 
(whether voluntarily or not). If the amount of interests due under such securities or other liabilities increases it 
significantly increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes and as a result 
Noteholders could suffer a significant reduction in the return of the Subordinated Notes.
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contain a prohibition of set-off
In accordance with Condition 4.3 (Prohibition of set-off) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes,
no Noteholder may exercise, claim or pleadany right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and each 
Noteholder will be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention, subject to applicable
law. As a result, a Noteholder which is also a debtor of the Issuer cannot set-off its payment obligation against any
sum due to it by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes. This prohibition of set-off could therefore have an 
adverse impact on the counterparty risk for a Noteholder in the event that the Issuer were to become insolvent.
The Subordinated Notes may be undated securities
Pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Final Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, the
Subordinated Notes may be undated securities, with no specified maturity date. Subject to any early redemption 
described in this Prospectus, the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem or repurchase the undated Subordinated 
Notes at any time and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption of such Subordinated Notes, except if a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or, following an order of 
redressement judiciaire, the sale of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or in the
event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all the 
cases above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganization outside the
context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes).
Therefore, Noteholders may bear a material financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes for an
indefinite period and may not recover their investment in a foreseeable future. The Noteholders would only be able
to realise value from the Subordinated Notes prior to an early redemption by selling their Subordinated Notes at

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 -
theirthen market value in an available secondary market. In the absence of a secondary market for the Subordinated
Notes, Noteholders may therefore not recover all or part of their investment in the foreseeable future. Therefore, 
the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes may not be repaid and Noteholders may lose the value of their
capital investment in the Subordinated Notes.
The reset of the rate of interest applicable to resettable Notes may significantly affect the secondary market for 
and the market value of such resettable Notes
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allows for Resettable Notes to be issued. In 
the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset by reference 
to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset dates specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.
The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may significantly affect the secondary market 
for and the market value of such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to the 
Resettable Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Resettable Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. A Noteholder of Resettable Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest 
rate levels and uncertain interest income and may be significantly impacted by such fluctuations.
The Issuer may defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes
In accordance with Condition 6.10.1 (Optional Interest Payments) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes and if Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on any Interest
Payment Date, interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes accrued to that date may be paid by the Issuer (if the 
Issuer so elects), in whole or in part, but the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment. Any such 
failure to pay on an Interest Payment Date shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose. Any interest 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes not paid on an Interest Payment Date will, so long as the same remains 
outstanding, be deferred and shall constitute Arrearsof Interest and shall be payable as provided in Condition 6.10.2
(Arrears of Interest) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes.
Any deferral of interest payments or the perception that the Issuer will exercise its optional deferral right would 
have a significant adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of the
interest deferral provisions, the market price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the marketprices
of other interest bearing debt securities that are not subject to such interest deferral provisions.
As a result, the market value of the Subordinated Notes may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the
Issuer's financial condition and investors may receive less interest than initially anticipated or at a later date than 
initially anticipated. As a result, the market value of the Subordinated Notes or liquidity on the secondary market 
may be materially and negatively affected.
The Subordinated Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Subordinated Notes may appear, in trading systems 
with accrued interest. Purchasers of Subordinated Notes in the secondary market may pay a price which reflects 
such accrued interest on purchase of the Subordinated Notes. If one or several interest payments are deferred, a
purchaser of Subordinated Notesin the secondary market may not be entitled to the accrued interest (or part thereof) 
reflected in the purchase price of the Subordinated Notes, which would cause the relevant Noteholders to lose all or
part of the valueof their investment in the Subordinated Notes.
There are no events of default or cross default under the Subordinated Notes
Compared to other debt securities (and in particular the Senior Notes), the Terms and Conditions of the
Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default or cross default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated 
Notes if certain events occur (as provided in Condition 10 (Enforcement Events, No Events of Default and No 
Cross Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes). Accordingly, if theIssuer fails to meet any 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right
of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes will be the institution 
of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 -
been payable by it, therefore, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. As a result, the market value of 
the Subordinated Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively affected.
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Subordinated Notes in the case of a Withholding Tax Event
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations are legal or enforceable under French law. If gross-up 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes are held to be illegal or unenforceable under French law, the Issuer will 
have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer doesnot redeem 
the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions
of the Subordinated Notes), Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due, and the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes will be adversely affected.
Changes in rating methodologies or their application may lead to the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes
Credit ratings may be assigned to the Subordinated Notes. Each of the Rating Agencies may change its 
methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes in the future. This may include 
the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and/or ratings assigned to an issuer on a
standalone basis (which reflect the Issuer’s credit profile without factoring in any potential support from the State) 
and ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes, sometimes called “notching.” If
the rating agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future and the ratings of the 
Subordinated Notes were to be subsequently lowered, this may have a negative impact on the trading price of the
Subordinated Notes.
If Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an 
amendment, clarification or change in the “equity credit” criteria of any Rating Agency (or the application or 
interpretation thereof), results in (i) all or any of the Subordinated Notes being assigned a level of “equity credit” 
that is lower than the level or equivalent level of “equity credit” (or if the Subordinated Notes have been partially 
or fully refinanced since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” from such Rating Agency in
part or in full as a result, all or any of the Subordinated Notes that would be assigned alevel of “equity credit” that 
is lower than the level or equivalent level of “equity credit” as a result of such amendment, clarification or change
in the “equity credit” criteria (or the application thereof) hadthey not been refinanced) assigned to the Subordinated 
Notes by such Rating Agency on the Issue Date, or if such equity credit was not assigned on the Issue Date, at the 
date when the equity credit was assigned for the first time, or (ii) the period of time during which such Rating 
Agency assigned to the Subordinated Notes a particular level of "equity credit" being shortened as compared to the 
period of time for which such Rating Agency did assign to the Subordinated Notes that level of "equity credit" on
the Issue Date, or if such “equity credit” was not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the “equity credit” 
was assigned for the first time, the Issuer may redeem all of the Subordinated Notes (but not some only), as 
provided in Condition 7.5 (Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event) of the Terms and Conditions of
the Subordinated Notes. The redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer 
will exercise its optional redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the
Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantiallyabove the price at which they can be redeemed. Should the
Subordinated Notes at such time be trading above or wellabove the price set for redemption, the negative impact on 
the Noteholders' anticipated returns wouldbe significant.
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes as equity 
instruments may change, which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event
In June 2018, the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) published the discussion paper DP/2018/1 on 
"Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity" (the "DP/2018/1 Paper"). The IASB Board decided to 
move the project to its standard-setting programme at the December 2020 Board meeting. The next milestone is to
produce an exposure draft. While the final timing and outcome are uncertain, if the proposals set out in the 
DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar proposals that may be made in the future are implemented in their current
form, the current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes as equity
instruments may change and this may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event. In such an event and if 
Redemption following an Accounting Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the
option to redeem all the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) on any day from the Accounting Event Adoption 
Date, which could arise on a date earlier than the actual implementation of the relevant change in accounting 
principles or methodology (all as defined in Condition 7.4 (Redemption following an Accounting Event) of the
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes). The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 -
DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such proposals that may be made in the future, including the extent and
timing of any such implementation, if at all, is uncertain. Accordingly, the future classification of the Subordinated 
Notes may vary from an accounting perspective and such change may result in the occurrence of an Accounting 
Event, thereby providing the Issuer with the option to redeem the Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. The redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or the perception
that the Issuer will exercise its optional redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market
value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be
redeemed. Should the Subordinated Notes at such time be trading above or well above the price set for redemption,
the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant.
2.3
Risks related to the trading market of the Notes
Market value of the Notes
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant stock exchange where the Notes will be 
admitted to trading, if applicable. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder 
to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. Therefore, the
market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P, Baa1 (stable outlook) by 
Moody's and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch and (ii) for its short-term debt, A2 by S&P, P2 by Moody's and F2 
by Fitch) and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of such index, or market 
interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the Maturity Date. If the financial situation of the Issuer 
deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and investors may 
lose all or part of their investment.
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, and factors affecting capital markets in general and the stock exchanges on which 
the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and 
accordingly such Noteholder may suffer a significant financial loss. 
No active secondary/trading market for the Notes
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although 
particular series of Notes may specify that they are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or 
any other Regulated Market in the EEA (it being specified that the admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
other than Euronext Paris would require the passporting of the Base Prospectus in the jurisdiction of such 
Regulated Market), such admission to trading may not occur, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so listed 
and/or admitted, an active trading market may not develop or the trading market may be illiquid. Therefore, 
Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders could 
lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.
Exchange rate and currency risk
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 -
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the investor’s currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. The degree to which such exchange rates between the Specified Currency and the 
Investor’s Currency may vary is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the value and return of the 
Notes as measured in the Investor’s Currency. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to 
the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary or financial authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect exchange rates, as well as the availability of specified currency in which a 
Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. This may result in a 
significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the 
Specified Currency.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 -
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the cross reference table 
below which are incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus and which are included in the 
following documents:

the French language Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the financial year 2021 (the "2021 
Universal Registration Document") which was filed with the AMF on 31 March 2022 under registration number 
D.22-0222;
Hyperlink: https://gallery.orange.com/finance/media/bc53985e-61be-474b-b2e7-539a89598e25#v=Version1&l=fr

the French language Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the financial year 2020 (the "2020 
Universal Registration Document") which was filed with the AMF on 17 March 2021 under registration number 
D.21-0137;
Hyperlink: 
https://www.orange.com/sites/orangecom/files/documents/2021-
04/Document%20d%27enregistrement%20universel%202020.pdf

the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 June 2021
which received approval no. 21-268 on 30 June 2021 from the AMF (the "2021 Terms and Conditions"); 
Hyperlink:
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#lang=fr&om=0a55f81c-14b8-442f-931e-
a02238e29852&v=f48bf347-ebd3-4934-80b2-567feba67924

the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 June 2020 
which received approval no. 20-295 on 30 June 2020 from the AMF (the "2020 Terms and Conditions"); 
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#lang=fr&om=1c48aea5-c17c-4c02-9351-
cfa205cd8ebc&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76

the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 June 2019 
which received approval no. 19-299 on 26 June 2019 from the AMF (the "2019 Terms and Conditions"); 
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=73ee4f76-aeb5-4d57-bea5-aff940b1ada4&v=c9b439ff-8e43-
4e1b-8064-97664864ca76

the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 June 2018 
which received approval no. 18-263 on 26 June 2018 from the AMF (the "2018 Terms and Conditions"); 
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#lang=fr&om=82f8003f-67c5-43c3-8a3e-
cc96c88c6a28&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76  

the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 June 2017 
which received approval no. 17-304 on 28 June 2017 from the AMF (the "2017 Terms and Conditions"); and
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#lang=fr&om=63c5ef5c-bb84-4b2a-bacf-
403864d2b385&v=424527ee-c119-409f-865b-62f448cd93d6

the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 June 2016 
which received approval no. 16-281 on 29 June 2016 from the AMF (the "2016 Terms and Conditions" and, 
together with the 2017 Terms and Conditions, the 2018 Terms and Conditions, the 2019 Terms and Conditions, 
the 2020 Terms and Conditions and the 2021 Terms and Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions");
Hyperlink: 
https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=ca2b0b36-affc-4f2d-a506-1232f0025923&v=c9b439ff-8e43-
4e1b-8064-97664864ca76

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 -
Any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, be part of this Base Prospectus. 
The 2020 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Universal Registration Document are available for viewing on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.orange.com). Free English translations 
of 2020 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Universal Registration Document are also available for viewing on 
the website of the Issuer (www.orange.com). These documents are free translations of the corresponding French language 
documents and are furnished for information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The 
only binding versions are the French language versions.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the websites 
to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which appear in the 
documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus in accordance with the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, non-incorporated parts of 
the documents listed above are either non-relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.
Cross-reference table
Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019 as amended - Registration document for wholesale 
non-equity securities
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document
2021 Universal 
Registration 
Document
3.
RISK FACTORS
3.1
A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a 
section headed ‘Risk Factors’.
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of 
the issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on 
a regulated market, taking into account the negative impact on 
the issuer and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set 
out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content 
of the registration document.
-
50-56
4.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
4.1
History and development of the Issuer
4.1.1
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer
-
424
4.1.2
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier (“LEI”).
-
424
4.1.3
The date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite.
-
424
4.1.4
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under 
which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal 
place of business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the prospectus.
-
424
4.1.5
Any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency.
-
119, 244, 274

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 -
4.1.6
Credit ratings assigned to the issuer at the request or with the 
cooperation of the issuer in the rating process.
-
113, 219-220, 268
5.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
5.1
Principal activities 
5.1.1
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating 
the main categories of products sold and/or services 
performed.
-
17-30
5.1.2
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position.
-
17-30
6.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
6.1
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group 
and the issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the 
form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
-
4-6, 244-245
7.
TREND INFORMATION
A description of:
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects of the issuer 
since the date of its last published audited financial statements; 
and
(b) any significant change in the financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published to the date of the 
registration document.
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer should 
include (an) appropriate negative statement(s).
-
119
8.
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES
8.1
Where an issuer includes on a voluntary basis a profit forecast 
or a profit estimate, that profit forecast or estimate shall be 
clear and unambiguous and contain a statement setting out the 
principal assumptions upon which the issuer has based its 
forecast or estimate.
The forecast or estimate shall comply with the following 
principles:
(a) there must be a clear distinction between assumptions 
about factors which the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies can influence and 
assumptions about factors which are exclusively outside the 
influence of the members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies;
(b)
the 
assumptions 
must 
be 
reasonable, 
readily 
understandable by investors, specific and precise and not relate 
to the general accuracy of the estimates underlying the 
forecast.
(c) in the case of a forecast, the assumptions shall draw the 
investor’s attention to those uncertain factors which could 
materially change the outcome of the forecast.
-
120
10-13, 17-30
8.2
The prospectus shall include a statement that the profit forecast 
or estimate has been compiled and prepared on a basis which 
is both:
(a) comparable with the historical financial information;
(b) consistent with the issuer’s accounting policies.
-
120

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 -
9.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of 
the following persons and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of that issuer where these 
are significant with respect to that issuer:
(a) members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies;
-
356-369
9.2
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts 
of interests
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, 
of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests 
and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must be 
made.
-
370
10.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
10.1
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and describe the measures 
in place to ensure that such control is not abused.
-
401-402
10.2
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change 
in control of the issuer.
-
402
11.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES
11.1
Historical financial information
11.1.1
Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as 
the issuer has been in operation and the audit report in respect 
of each year
124-290
121-294
11.1.4
Where the audited financial information is prepared according 
to national accounting standards, the financial information 
must include at least the following:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
247-278
248-280
11.1.5
Consolidated financial statements If the issuer prepares both 
stand-alone and consolidated financial statements, include at 
least the consolidated financial statements in the registration 
document.
124-245
121-246
11.1.6
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date of 
the registration document
128-129, 248
124-125, 249
11.2
Auditing of historical annual financial information
11.2.1
The historical financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with 
the Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.
281-290
283-294
11.2.1a
Where audit reports on the historical financial information 
have been refused by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or 
an emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in full.
281
284, 289

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 -
11.3
Legal and arbitration proceedings
11.3.1
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a 
period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
Issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement.
-
242-244, 273-274
12.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered 
into in the ordinary course of the issuer’s business, which 
could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued.
-
155-158, 218
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose of further issues of 
Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 30 June 2021 which received approval no. 21-268 on 30 June 2021 from the AMF (the "2021 Base 
Prospectus"), the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 June 2020 which received approval no. 20-295 on 30 June 2020 
from the AMF (the "2020 Base Prospectus"), the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 June 2019 which received 
approval no. 19-299 on 26 June 2019 from the AMF (the "2019 Base Prospectus"), the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
26 June 2018 which received approval no. 18-263 on 26 June 2018 from the AMF (the "2018 Base Prospectus"), the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 June 2017 which received approval no. 17-304 on 28 June 2017 from the AMF (the "2017 
Base Prospectus") and the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 June 2016 which received approval no. 16-281 on 29 
June 2016 from the AMF (the "2016 Base Prospectus" and, together with the 2017 Base Prospectus, the 2018 Base 
Prospectus, the 2019 Base Prospectus, the 2020 Base Prospectus and the 2021 Base Prospectus the "Previous Base 
Prospectuses").
EMTN Previous Conditions
Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021
Pages 41 to 126
Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2020
Pages 30 to 75
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2019
Pages 75 to 119
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2018
Pages 69 to 109
Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2017
Pages 69 to 109
Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2016
Pages 69 to 109
Non-incorporated parts of the Previous Base Prospectuses are not relevant for the investors.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 -
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 as 
amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes") which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.
This Base Prospectus is valid until 8 June 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid.
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the 
Issuer (www.orange.com) and (b) available for inspection, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on 
any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 -
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the 
relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title
but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions 
to "Notes" are to the Senior Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 8 June 2022 between Orange (the 
"Issuer") and Société Générale as fiscal agent and as paying agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement"). The functions of Aether Financial Services as make-whole 
calculation agent have been agreed by separate agreement between the Issuer and Aether Financial Services. The fiscal 
agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) and the make-
whole calculation agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying 
Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the 
"Calculation Agent(s)" and the "Make-Whole Calculation Agent".
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below.
1.
Definitions and interpretation
1.1
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires:
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated 
version applicable as at the date of issue of the first tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA, as 
may be supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of 
the first tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream").
"Amortisation Yield" means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) used to calculate the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of a Zero Coupon Note, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.5.1.
"Amortised Nominal Amount" means the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, which shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.5.1, the Early Redemption 
Amount upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10.
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Business Day" means:
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); and/or

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 -
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); 
and/or
(c)
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal Financial Centre for 
such currency and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any).
"Call Option" means any option of the Issuer as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 7.2.1.
"Code" means the French code monétaire et financier.
"Coupon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.2.
"Credit Institution" means credit institution as defined in point (1) of Article 4(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, as amended.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of 
time (from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):
(a)
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365).
(b)
if "Actual/365 - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator 
is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual calendar days elapsed during the leap 
year and whose denominator is 366.
(c)
if "Actual/Actual - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, the 
fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period).
(d)
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and
(ii)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(A)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(B)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year,
in each case where:

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 -
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date, and
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date.
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365.
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360.
if "30/360" or "360/360 (Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
     360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30.
(e)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
     360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 -
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(f)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar 
day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
"Definitive Materialised Bearer Note" has the meaning given in Condition 2.3.2.
"Dematerialised Note", "Dematerialised Bearer Note", "Dematerialised Registered Note", "Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Note" and "Dematerialised Fully Registered Note" have the respective meanings 
given in Condition 2.1.
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 7.2.3, Condition 7.2.4, Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9, or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 10, which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.5.
"EEA" means the European Economic Area.
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
"Event of Default" has the meaning given in Condition 10.
"Exercise Notice" has the meaning given in Condition 7.3.
"FBF" means the Fédération Bancaire Française.
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) published from time to time by the 
FBF, as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 -
"FBF Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.2.3.
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of any Note means the amount to be redeemed on the Maturity Date in 
relation to such Note, which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.1.
"Final Terms" means, in relation to a Series or Tranche of Notes, the final terms of that Series or Tranche of 
Notes.
"Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Fixed Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a fixed rate.
"Floating Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a variable rate.
"General Meeting" has the meaning given in Condition 12.4.
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong.
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other than as a 
result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers.
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any 
amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Indebtedness" means (i) any Notes issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer 
described herein or (ii) any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds (obligations), notes or other securities (including titres de créances négociables) which are, for the time 
being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market 
or other securities market (but excluding present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of such 
other securities issued by the Issuer or Principal Subsidiary in private placements that the Issuer or such Principal 
Subsidiary has required in writing not to be so quoted, listed or ordinarily traded).
"Inflation Linked Note" means any Note, interest on which is to be calculated by reference to (i) the consumer 
price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI"), as calculated and published 
monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE"), (ii) the harmonised 
index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP")
or (iii) the United States non-seasonally adjusted consumer price index for all urban consumers (the "US CPI") as 
reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor (the "BLS") and published by 
Bloomberg page "CPURNSA" or any successor source (each an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation 
Indices").
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period or the interest amount 
in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
day falling two TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is 
Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2)

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 -
Business Days in the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor Euro.
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date.
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions.
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.2.3.
"Issue Date" in respect of any Notes means the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Margin" means the percentage per annum indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Masse" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"Materialised Note" and "Materialised Bearer Note" have the meanings given in Condition 2.1.
"Materialised Note Agent" means any agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Series of Materialised Notes 
pursuant to Condition 2.1.2.
"Maturity Date" in respect of a Note means the date on which such Note shall be fully redeemed.
"Maximum Rate of Interest" and "Minimum Rate of Interest" have the respective meanings given in the 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation).
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.2.1 or Condition 7.3, as the case may be.
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" and "Option Exercise Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Orange Bank" means a French société anonyme incorporated in France, having its registered office at 67 rue 
Robespierre, 93100 Montreuil, France, registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of Bobigny (Registre du 
Commerce et des Sociétés de Bobigny) under number 572 043 800 duly licensed as of the date of this Agreement 
as a credit institution in France.
"Payment Business Day" means a day:
(a)
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, and on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant Financial Centre(s) (if any) and
(b)
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in such currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 -
on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such currency, or in the 
case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Settlement Day.
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, the Euro-zone. 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary (except for any Credit Institution being or 
becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer (including Orange Bank as long as Orange Bank is licensed as a Credit 
Institution), if any, which shall not be considered in any case as a Principal Subsidiary) of the Issuer:
(a)
(i) whose total assets (excluding equity holdings at their book value) or operating income before 
depreciation and amortisation, impairments, restructuring costs, share of profit and losses of associates, 
gains and losses on disposals (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated accounts whose 
total consolidated assets (excluding equity holdings at their book value) or consolidated operating income
before depreciation and amortisation, impairments, restructuring costs, share of profit and losses of 
associates, gains and losses on disposals, as the case may be) attributable to the Issuer represent not less 
than 15 % of the total consolidated assets (excluding equity holdings at their book value) or the 
consolidated operating income before depreciation and amortisation, impairments, restructuring costs, 
share of profit and losses of associates, gains and losses on disposals of the Issuer, all as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries, and (ii) whose management and control is exercised by the Issuer; or
(b)
to which is transferred all or substantially all the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which 
immediately prior to such transfer was a Principal Subsidiary.
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China.
"Put Option" means any option of the Noteholders as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in accordance 
with Condition 7.3.
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes, which are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Rate Multiplier" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Redenomination Date" has the meaning given in Condition 2.4.1.
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the banks specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, or in the event that no such banks are specified in the relevant Final Terms or that the 
Calculation Agent determines that any bank so specified is not providing offered quotations of the Reference Rate, 
the principal Euro-zone office of any major bank selected by the Calculation Agent in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market.
"Reference Rate" means the EURIBOR, SONIA, the TEC 10 or the CMS Rate specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or any successor or replacement rate. 
"Registration Agent" means any person or entity designated in the Final Terms of a Series of Dematerialised 
Registered Notes to act as agent on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of opening and maintaining accounts for 
the holders of Notes of such Series.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the EEA, as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended. 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of such Note or 
Coupon first becomes due or, if any amount of money payable is improperly withheld or refused, the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or in the case of Materialised Notes, if earlier, the date 
seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation 
of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 -
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international reputation active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer.
"Representative" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"RMB Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi.
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the determination 
of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York 
City.
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days before the due 
date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions.
"RMB Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate for the 
purchase of US dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on 
the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at 
or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. 
dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration 
of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate.
"Series" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in Condition 2.2.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to a company (the "Parent Company") at any time, any other company in which 
the Parent Company holds more than 50 per cent. of the share capital (as provided in Article L.233-1 of the Code 
de Commerce) or any other company which is controlled directly or indirectly by the Parent Company within the 
meaning of Article L.233-3 of the Code de Commerce.
"Talon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.2.
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating.
"TARGET 2 System" means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform or any successor thereto. 
"Tranche" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.
"US Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US dollars using the RMB Spot 
Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent.
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note the interest basis of which is specified to be "Zero Coupon" in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 -
1.2
Interpretation: In these Conditions, unless a contrary indication appears:
1.2.1
the terms "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" and "Noteholder" refer to (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons or Talon relating thereto; and (iii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is 
outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears as a holder of such Notes or of a 
particular nominal amount of interests in such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations 
and with the applicable rules and procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, 
Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate.
1.2.2
the term "Couponholder" refers to the bearer of any Coupon.
1.2.3
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of 
the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8.1, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to the 
account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8.1 and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the 
Paying Agents as provided in Conditions 8.2 and 8.3 and remain available for payment against presentation 
and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become 
void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased by the Issuer
and that are held or have been cancelled as provided in these Conditions, and (e) in the case of Materialised 
Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised 
Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised 
Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised 
Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions.
1.2.4
references to (i) "principal" include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7, (ii) "interest" include all Interest Amounts 
and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" include any additional amounts payable under Condition 9.
1.2.5
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France acting as central depositary.
1.2.6
a "unit" or "sub-unit" of a currency means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country or countries of such currency.
2.
Form, denomination(s), title, redenomination and method of issue
2.1
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes").
2.1.1
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. 
of the Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
either bearer form (au porteur) ("Dematerialised Bearer Notes"), in which case they are inscribed in an 
account maintained by an Account Holder having itself an account in the books of Euroclear France, or in 
registered form (au nominatif) ("Dematerialised Registered Notes") and, in such latter case, at the option of 
the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) ("Dematerialised Fully Registered 
Notes"), in which case they are inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent, or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) ("Dematerialised Administered Registered

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 -
Notes"), in which case the Notes are inscribed both in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent and an account maintained by an Account Holder. 
2.1.2
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). Materialised Bearer Notes are 
serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") and, where appropriate, a talon (the "Talon") 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Any issue of 
Materialised Notes requires the appointment by the Issuer of a Materialised Note Agent (designated in the 
relevant Final Terms) which will perform the functions otherwise attributed, in these Conditions, to the Fiscal 
Agent and/or Paying Agents.
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory.
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article L. 228-2 of the Code de commerce, request at any time from the central depositary 
identification information of Noteholders of Notes in dematerialised form (au porteur) such as the name or the 
company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email 
address of such Noteholders.
2.2
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms, save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be 
€100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in each such 
currency at the issue date (the "Specified Denomination(s)") subject to compliance with the regulations of the 
relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.
2.3
Title:
2.3.1
Title to Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Registered Notes shall 
pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent.
2.3.2
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery.
2.3.3
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
2.4
Redenomination:
2.4.1
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar day's notice in accordance 
with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency 
the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union, or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects, 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal 
amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. 
The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the 
"Redenomination Date".
2.4.2
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 2.4.1 shall be made by converting the principal amount 
of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the 
Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If 
the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 -
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash 
adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer.
2.4.3
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant national currency 
shall be construed as a reference to Euro.
2.4.4
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, in 
connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 14, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon but taking into account market practice in 
respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day 
convention, principal financial centre designation, interest accrual basis or Reference Rate specification) which 
it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified 
to them in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter.
2.4.5
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of 
Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.
2.5
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in 
series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
3.
Conversion and exchanges of Notes
3.1
Dematerialised Notes:
3.1.1
Dematerialised Bearer Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Registered Notes, whether in fully 
registered form or in administered registered form.
3.1.2
Dematerialised Registered Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Bearer Notes.
3.1.3
Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Notes, and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by the relevant Noteholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the 
cost of such Noteholder.
3.2
Materialised Notes: Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.
4.
Status of the Notes
The Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall rank pari passu
and without any preference among themselves and subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law, equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding.
5.
Negative pledge
The Issuer undertakes that so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding it will not, and shall ensure that none of 
its Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 -
encumbrance or security interest (each a "Security Interest") upon the whole or any part of its/their respective 
assets or revenues of whatever nature present or future, to secure any Indebtedness, or any guarantee of or 
indemnity in respect of any Indebtedness, unless at the same time or prior thereto the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes and Coupons are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit from a Security Interest or guarantee or 
indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto to the extent permitted by French or other applicable law or 
regulation.
6.
Interest and other calculations
6.1
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB):
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms.
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
6.2
Floating Rate Notes:
6.2.1
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise provided in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Interest Payment Date(s) shall be defined in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date is so defined, shall consist of each date which 
falls the number of months or other period defined as the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
6.2.2
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which case (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen 
had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or 
(D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.
6.2.3
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below 
relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(a)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (a), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 -
(ii)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of that Interest 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction"
(Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions.
(b)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(c)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 
6.2.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
(ii)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (i)(A) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (i)(B)
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 -
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
(iii)
If paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as 
the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period).
(iv)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being Taux de l'Echéance Constante à 
10 ans ("TEC 10"), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be, subject as 
provided below, the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the EUR-TEC10-CNO 1 , calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire 
("CNO"), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being the caption "TEC10" on 
the Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen 
CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page in respect of EUR-TEC10-CNO, it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of 
the two reference OAT (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been 
used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the calculation of the relevant 
rate, quoted in each case by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 
10:00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in question.
The Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide a 
quotation of its price.
EUR-TEC10-CNO will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such prices 
as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the highest and lowest of such 
quotations. The above mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used by the 
Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the determination of the relevant rate.
                                                
1
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 -
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 1996, is the 
percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation Assimilable 
du Trésor, "OAT") corresponding to the linear interpolation between the yield to 
maturity of the two actual OATs (the "Reference OATs") whose periods to maturity 
are closest in duration to the notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's duration 
being of less than 10 years and the other Reference OAT's duration being greater than 
10 years.
(v)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 6.2.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:
CMS Rate + Margin
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest).
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations, as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice.
With:
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United 
States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent.
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(a)
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 -
ISDA Definitions), with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions;
and
(b)
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the relevant Final 
Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms.
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
"Designated Maturity", "Margin", "Specified Time", "Relevant Currency" and 
"Relevant Screen Page" shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(vi)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where:
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period;
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in the relevant Interest Period;
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day ("i+1");
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms;
"p" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms;
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate in respect of such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable,

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 -
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, for any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i".
If, in respect of that London Banking Day "i-pLBD", the Calculation Agent or another 
financial institution or independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate.
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA, the Calculation Agent or another financial institution or independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer shall, to the extent 
that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for 
the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent or another financial institution or 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, the 
Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
(d)
Benchmark Discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for 
any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over other 
fallbacks specified in Condition 6.2.3 (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall not apply to SONIA
and TEC10).
(i)
Independent Adviser

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 -
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3(d) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of 
manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3(d).
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(a)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.2.3(d)); or 
(b)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6.2.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 6.2.3(d)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable).
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d) and the Independent Adviser determines (A) 
that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or 
Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the relevant terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 6.2.3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d), the
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.
(v)
Notices, etc.

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 -
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) 
and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notice), the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6.2.3(d). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 
6.2.3(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 6.2.3(c) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments.
(vii)
Fallbacks
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback provisions relating to 
the Original Reference Rate Specified in Condition 6.2.3(c) will continue to apply to 
such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to 
apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date.
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2.3(d), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d).
(viii)
Definitions
In this Condition 6.2.3(d):
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or equal 
to zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which 
the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines in accordance with customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and which is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:
a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 -
b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (a) 
above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the 
Successor Rate); or
c)
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology 
in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser determines acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative benchmark 
or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2.3(d) and which is customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:
a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
(6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i);
c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; 
d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(d)(i); 
e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months; 
f)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or
g)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; or
h)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate in the opinion of the 
supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying market or that its method
of calculation has significantly changed.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 -
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as 
amended or supplemented.
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at 
all times acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 6.2.3(d)(i).
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):
a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or
b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a 
Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those 
successor or replacement rates, those of which is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the 
nature of the Issuer.
6.2.4
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: 
(a)
Consumer Price Index (CPI).
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, 
as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques
(the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
6.2.4(a) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this 
Condition 6.2.4(a) shall apply.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the "CPI Linked 
Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio.
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2.4(a), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or "IIR" is the 
ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable 
upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms the "Base Reference"). 
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.3, the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up).

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 -
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first calendar day 
of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) (other than the first calendar day) 
in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M – 3) and the second 
month preceding such month (M – 2) calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index=
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 3 + D – 1
NDM
× (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 2 −CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 3)
With:
"NDM:" number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
"D": actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M – 2;
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M – 3.
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.3, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods 
shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French Treasury 
(Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation.
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer price index 
(excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time 
to time as provided herein.
(ii)
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) 
in its December 2010 Paper entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres 
instruments de taux d'intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux –
Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l'inflation). In the event of any conflict 
between the calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided 
by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation 
method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall 
prevail.
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in 
the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio.
(iii)
(A)
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions:

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 -
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading 
"indice de substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the calendar day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from this date.
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula:
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1 ×
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
 
 !
(B)
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of 
the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation:
Key =
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that:
CPI Monthly Reference Index New Basis
Date D
= CPI Monthly Reference Index Previous Basis
Date D
× Key
(b)
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
(I)
OPTION 1
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP - OPTION 1") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(b)(I) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition 6.2.4(b)(I) shall apply.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the "HICP 
Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2.4(b)(I), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or "IIR" is 
the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be 
and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Base Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.3, the IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first calendar 
day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month 
preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) (other than the first

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 -
calendar day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M -
3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with 
the following formula:
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index =
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 3 + D – 1
NDM
× .HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 2 −HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 3/
With:
"NDM": number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
"D": actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M – 2;
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M – 3.
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.3, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on 
Bloomberg page TRESOR.
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices 
(excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
(excluding tobacco) as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein.
(ii)
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in 
the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above).
(iii)
(A)
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions:
(x)
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply 
from the calendar day following its release to all calculations taking 
place from this date.
(y)
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula:
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM =
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1 ×
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
 
 !

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 -
(B)
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation:
Key = HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining to December calculated on the new basis
HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that:
HICP Monthly Reference Index New Basis
Date D
= HICP Monthly Reference Index Previous Basis
Date D
× Key
(II)
OPTION 2
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP - OPTION 2") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(b)(II) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition 6.2.4(b)(II) shall apply.
(i)
Calculation of Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest applicable in respect of each Interest Period will be a rate, 
expressed as a percentage (rounded, if applicable, to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula:
  
3.00% x Inflation Index Ratio
where,
"Base Daily Inflation Reference" means the Daily Inflation Reference as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of 04 June 2008 (being 108.524);
"Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating;
"Daily Inflation Reference" means, in respect of any date, the value of the Index for 
such date as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Index Determination 
Date in accordance with the provisions for the calculation of the Daily Inflation 
Reference as set out in paragraph 3 below and appearing on Reuters page "OATEI01" or 
on Bloomberg page "TRES3" or such replacement page as selected by the Calculation 
Agent;
"Eurostat" means the statistical office of the European Communities in Luxembourg;
"Index" means, subject to the provisions of paragraph 4 below, the Harmonised Index 
of Consumer Prices (HICP) excluding tobacco, for the Euro zone as calculated by 
Eurostat;
"Index Determination Date" means, in respect of any date for which the Daily 
Inflation Reference is required to be determined, the fifth Business Day prior to such 
date;
"Inflation Index Ratio" means the ratio between (i) the Daily Inflation Reference in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date, 
as the case may be, and (ii) the Base Daily Inflation Reference. The Inflation Index

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 -
Ratio will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards;
"Interest Determination Date" means the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date.
For the avoidance of doubt, interest on overdue amounts in respect of the Notes (after 
the Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the relevant Early Redemption Date) shall 
accrue at a rate per annum equal to a rate per annum calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the basis, mutatis mutandis, of the provisions of this paragraph 2 and 
Condition 6.5 except that, for such purposes, the relevant Interest Determination Date
shall be deemed to be the fifth Business Day prior to the Relevant Date.
(ii)
Calculation of Daily Inflation Reference
The Daily Inflation Reference ("Id") for day d of month m is the linear interpolation of 
the Index in respect of months m-3 and m-2, expressed relatively to the same basis of 
100 (or such other revised basis as may be adopted from time to time by Eurostat).
Hence:
I0 = HICP234 + nbd
q2
× (HICP23! −HICP234)
where:
"HICP m-2": Consumer Price Index for month m-2
"HICP m-3": Consumer Price Index for month m-3
"nbd": Actual number of days between date d (included) and the first day of month m 
(excluded);
and
"q m": Actual number of days in month m.
(iii)
Fall-back provisions
Change in the Sponsor of the Index
If the Index is not calculated and/or disseminated by Eurostat, but is calculated and/or 
disseminated by another relevant authority approved by the European Union (the "New 
Sponsor"), then the Index as so calculated and/or disseminated by the New Sponsor 
shall be used for the purpose of calculating (i) the relevant Rate of Interest and/or (ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption Amount, in 
respect of the Notes.
Successor Index
If the Index is replaced by a successor index using the same or a substantially similar 
formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index and such 
successor index is reasonably acceptable to the Calculation Agent, the relevant Index for 
the purpose of calculating (i) the applicable Rate of Interest and/or (ii) the Final 
Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption Amount, in respect 
of the Notes, shall be the successor index (the "Successor Index").
Substitute Index

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 -
If the Index is not published for a given month, for any reason, or ceases to be 
published, for any reason, the Calculation Agent shall, for any month where the Index is 
not published, either find a Successor Index or determine, in consultation with the 
Issuer, a substitute index (the "Substitute Index"), such substitute index comprising as 
far as practicable the same components as the Index, which shall be adopted for the 
Notes.
Changes in calculation method or basis of the Index
In the event that Eurostat or, as the case may be, any New Sponsor changes the base of 
the Index at any time while any of the Notes are still outstanding, then for the purpose 
of calculating (i) the relevant Rate of Interest and/or (ii) the Final Redemption Amount, 
or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption Amount, in respect of the Notes, the value 
of the Index following such change in base shall be determined in accordance with the 
methodology published by Eurostat or, as the case may be, the relevant New Sponsor 
following such change. In the event that no such methodology is published, then the 
Calculation Agent shall make such calculation as it, in its reasonable discretion, deems 
appropriate to determine the relevant Index.
(c)
United States Consumer Price Index (US CPI).
Where the United States Consumer Price Index ("US CPI") is specified as the Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6.2.4(c) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition Condition 6.2.4(c) shall apply.
The US CPI is the non-seasonally adjusted U.S. City Average All Items Consumer Price Index 
for All Urban Consumers, reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Labor 
Department (the "BLS") and published on Bloomberg page "CPURNSA" or any successor 
source. The US CPI for a particular month is published during the following month.
The US CPI is a measure of the average change in consumer prices over time for a fixed market 
basket of goods and services, including food, clothing, shelter, fuels, transportation, charges for 
doctors' and dentists' services and drugs. In calculating the index, price changes for the various 
items are averaged together with weights that represent their importance in the spending of urban 
households in the United States.  The contents of the market basket of goods and services and the 
weights assigned to the various items are updated periodically by the BLS to take into account 
changes in consumer expenditure patterns. The US CPI is expressed in relative terms in relation 
to a time base reference period for which the level is set at 100.0. The base reference period for 
Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is the 1982-1984 average.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the US CPI (the "US CPI 
Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis.
The relevant Notes will pay a rate per annum linked to the Change in the US CPI plus, if 
applicable, an additional amount of interest (referred to as the "spread") or multiplied by a 
number (referred to as the "multiplier"), as either may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
provided that, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the applicable Rate of 
Interest for Notes paying interest based on the US CPI will also be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest equal to 0.00% per annum.
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the "Change in the US CPI" for a 
particular interval will be calculated as follows:
CPI(t)- CPI(t-x)
CPI(t-x)
where:

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 -
"CPI(t)" for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a calendar month (the 
"reference month" which shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the calendar 
month in which the applicable Determination Date falls; and
"CPI(t-x)" for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a calendar month prior to 
the applicable reference month, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
If by 3:00 p.m. New York City time on any Determination Date the US CPI is not published on 
Bloomberg "CPURNSA" for any relevant month, but has otherwise been reported by the BLS, 
then the Calculation Agent will determine the US CPI as reported by the BLS for such month 
using such other source as, on its face, after consultation with the Issuer, appears to accurately set 
forth the US CPI as reported by the BLS.
In calculating CPI(t) and CPI(t-x), the Calculation Agent will use the most recently available 
value of the US CPI determined as described above on the applicable Determination Date, even 
if such value has been adjusted from a previously reported value for the relevant month. 
However, if a value of CPI(t) or CPI(t-x) used by the Calculation Agent on any Determination 
Date to determine the interest rate on a Series of Notes is subsequently revised by the BLS, the 
interest rate for such Series of Notes determined on such Determination Date will not be revised.
If the US CPI is rebased to a different year or period and the 1982-1984 US CPI is no longer 
used, the base reference period for Notes paying interest based on the US CPI will continue to be 
the 1982-1984 reference period as long as the 1982-1984 US CPI continues to be published by 
the BLS.
If, while any Series of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is outstanding, the US CPI is 
discontinued or is substantially altered, as determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the successor index for 
such Series of Notes will be that index chosen by the Secretary of the Treasury to replace the US 
CPI for the purpose of calculating payments on the Department of the Treasury's Inflation-
Linked Treasuries as described at 62 Federal Register 846-874 (6 January 1997) or, if no such 
securities are outstanding, the successor index will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
In addition, for the purposes of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms:
"Determination Date" shall mean two business days in New York immediately prior to the 
beginning of the applicable Interest Period, or as specified in the relevant Final Terms (but not 
more than 28 calendar days prior to the beginning of the applicable Interest Period).
"Interest Period" shall mean, in respect of any Series of Notes paying interest based on the US 
CPI, the period beginning on and including the Issue Date of such Series of Notes and ending on 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date, and each successive period beginning on and 
including a Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date.
6.3
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis (the 
"Change of Interest Basis") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that:
(i)
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to change 
of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed effective after a valid 
notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or
(ii)
t will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
on the Switch Date (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis").

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 -
6.4
Zero Coupon Notes: Zero Coupon Notes bear no interest until the Maturity Date. As from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7.5.1(b)).
6.5
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before 
judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date.
6.6
Margin, maximum/minimum rates of interest, rate multipliers and rounding:
6.6.1
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 
6.2 above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph.
6.6.2
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of 
Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher minimum interest 
rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the minimum interest rate shall be deemed equal to zero.
6.6.3
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit or sub-
unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to 
the nearest yen.
6.7
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction and by any Rate Multiplier, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal 
such Interest Amount. 
6.8
Determination and publication of interest and payment amounts: The Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, as soon as practicable, calculate any rate of interest or amount (including 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be), obtain any quotation or make any other determination or 
calculation that it is required to make pursuant to these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, and it shall cause 
such rate, amount, quotation, determination or calculation (as well as any relevant Interest Payment Date) to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or 
any Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the 
rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 6.2.2, the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the 
accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
6.9
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 -
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate 
of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change 
of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15.
6.10
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent if provision is made for it in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding
(as defined above). If any Make-Whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Make-
Whole Calculation Agent or to calculate any Make-Whole Redemption Amount, then the Issuer shall appoint 
another Make-Whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any 
change of Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15.
6.11
RMB Notes: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating 
the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, except as otherwise provide in the relevant Final Terms.
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties.
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to 
Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest 
payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made.
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period or, as applicable, 
other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.
7.
Redemption, purchase and options
7.1
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed or cancelled as provided below or its maturity is extended 
pursuant to any option provided by the relevant Final Terms including any Issuer's option in accordance with 
Condition 7.2 or any Noteholders' option in accordance with Condition 7.3, each Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided, is its nominal amount). 
7.2
Redemption at the option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's options and partial redemption:
7.2.1
Call Option:

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 -
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any Issuer's 
option (as may be described) in relation to all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
7.2.2
Make-whole redemption:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or 
in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the "Make-Whole 
Redemption Date") at their Make Whole Redemption Amount.
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate, the Make-Whole Redemption Margin and the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties.
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 7.2.2, an amount, determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, equal to the greater of 
(x) 100% of the Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of 
the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the date set for redemption) discounted to the relevant redemption date on 
an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Relevant Redemption Date.
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four (4) quotations (or such lesser number 
of 
quotations 
the Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent 
is 
capable 
of 
obtaining 
from 
such 
Reference Dealers, subject to a minimum of one quotation, and in any such case, the Make Whole 
Redemption Rate shall be such quotation) given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield 
to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) 
Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET))
or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Principal Amount" means the Specified Denomination, subject to any adjustment as described in 
Condition 7.2.5 following any partial redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2.1 and this Condition 7.2.2.
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues.
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third (3rd) business day in London preceding the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in 
accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 -
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Pre-Maturity Call Option 
Date, if a Pre-Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
7.2.3
Pre-Maturity Call Option by the Issuer:
If a Pre-Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its 
option but subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all, but 
not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and including) the 
"Pre-Maturity Call Option Date" (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
7.2.4
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, in the event that following any 
purchase or partial redemption of the Notes by the Issuer, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes of that Series is equal to, or lower than, 25% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes or any lower percentage (the "Clean-Up Percentage") as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar 
days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest),
provided that if Make-Whole Redemption is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Issuer has partially exercised the make-whole redemption option referred to in Condition 7.2.2, the clean-
up call option shall not be exercised within a period of six (6) months as from any Make-Whole 
Redemption Date.
7.2.5
Exercise of Issuer's options and partial redemption:
Any redemption or exercise pursuant to paragraphs 7.2.1 and 7.2.2 above shall relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall be 
exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Materialised 
Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which 
shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable 
laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, 
as the case may be.
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 -
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer shall, once in 
each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, of a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not 
surrendered.
7.3
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' options: If a Put Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than
thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the relevant Note(s) on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest).
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Noteholder shall deposit with a 
Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form 
obtained from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise 
Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agents as specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the 
prior consent of the Issuer.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Noteholder's option shall be 
exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
7.4
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: 
(a)
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes (but excluding those which are designated "HICP - OPTION 2" in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition 7.4 the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day 
before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the 
date specified in the Final Terms, (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is specified as an Index applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Change in CPI, but where for these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be interpreted as the 
date falling two Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, at the reference to CPI Determination Date 
in CPI(t-x) shall be interpreted to be the date falling two Business Days prior to the Issue Date.
(b) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes (and which are designated "HICP - OPTION 2" in the relevant Final Terms) will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis.
The Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Specified Denomination on the Maturity 
Date will be an amount equal to the greater of (i) the nominal amount of each Specified Denomination 
and (ii) an amount in euro (rounded, if applicable, to the nearest fifth decimal place, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:
Specified Denomination x Redemption Date Inflation Index Ratio
where,
"Redemption Date Inflation Index Ratio" means the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined in Condition 
6.2.4(b)(II)) as determined in respect of the Maturity Date.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 -
7.5
Early redemption:
7.5.1
Zero Coupon Notes:
(a)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note.
(b)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually.
(c)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of 
such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (b)
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (as well after as before judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls 
on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 6.5.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms.
7.5.2
Inflation Linked Notes:
(a)
If the relevant Final Terms provide that this Condition 7.5.2 shall apply in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes (but excluding those which are designated "HICP - OPTION 2" in the relevant 
Final Terms), the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis:
Early Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day 
before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for 
redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) if the HICP is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
(iii) if the US CPI is specified as an Index applicable in the Final Terms, the Change in CPI, but 
where for these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the reference to 
CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be interpreted as the date falling two Business Days prior 
to the Maturity Date, at the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t-x) shall be interpreted 
to be the date falling two Business Days prior to the Issue Date.
(b)
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes "HICP - OPTION 2" in the relevant Final Terms, if the 
relevant Final Terms provides that this Condition 7.5.2 shall apply, the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of such Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis.
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Specified Denomination on the 
Maturity Date will be an amount equal to the greater of (i) the nominal amount of each Specified 
Denomination and (ii) an amount in euro (rounded, if applicable, to the nearest fifth decimal

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 -
place, 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:
Specified Denomination x Redemption Date Inflation Index Ratio
where,
"Redemption Date Inflation Index Ratio" means the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined in 
Condition 6.2.4(b)(II) as determined in respect of the Early Redemption Date.
(c)
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not this Condition 7.5.2 applies) fall to be redeemed 
for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued interest will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including the immediately 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the 
provisions of Condition 6.2.4 above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
7.5.3
Other Notes:
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 7.5.1 and 
7.5.2 above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9, or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest).
7.6
Redemption for taxation reasons:
7.6.1
If, (a) by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal 
or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts as specified under Condition 9 below or (b) the Issuer has suffered or will suffer a 
significant non-deductibility of interest or other revenues because any Noteholder is located or payments are 
made in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) within the meaning of Article 
238-0 A of the French General Tax Code (Code general des impôts), provided in the latter case that (y) the 
Issuer is required to and has effectively proven that the principal purpose and effect of the issue of Notes were 
not that of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a non-cooperative State or 
territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) and (z) the interest or other assimilated revenues on the relevant 
Notes relate to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, and such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may, at its option but 
subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of principal and/or interest without withholding for such French taxes.
7.6.2
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons, be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full 
amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 9 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer 
shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) on 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and/or interest without 
withholding for French taxes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter.
7.7
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by way of a tender and/or exchange 
offer) at any price, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 -
be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of 
the Notes, or cancelled in accordance with Condition 7.8.
7.8
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be cancelled 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts 
relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate 
and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall 
be discharged.
7.9
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of 
such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than sixty 
(60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of 
interest) on the latest practicable date before which it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter.
8.
Payments and Talons
8.1
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Bearer Notes or Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, by transfer to the account denominated in the 
relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a bank designated 
by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments.
8.2
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears 
of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8.6.5 or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 8.6.5, as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre for such currency or, in the 
case of Euro, in a city where banks have access to the TARGET 2 System.
8.3
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all 
such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
8.4
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes are subject in all 
cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations, directives or orders of courts of competent jurisdiction applicable in 
the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its agent are subject in respect of such 
payments to the Issuer, the relevant Paying Agent, the relevant Account Holder or, as the case may be, the person 
shown in the records of Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of Notes but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. 
8.5
Appointment of agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent,
the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 -
Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act as 
independent experts and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the Consolidation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so 
require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least one major European city (which shall be Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris), (vi) a Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require and (vii) such 
other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 8.3 above.
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 2.4 with a view to consolidating such Notes 
with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall ensure that the same 
entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes 
and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15.
8.6
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons:
8.6.1
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to 
such Coupon) or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to 
such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for 
the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11).
8.6.2
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Bearer 
Notes, unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.
8.6.3
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.
8.6.4
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, 
and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
8.6.5
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as 
the case may be (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest if applicable), shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. 
Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Note.
8.7
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 -
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11), 
provided that, in respect of Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always take place at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agents, as the case may be, in Paris.
8.8
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment.
8.9
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer as 
a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, 
following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of 
RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in US dollars on 
the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount.
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar Equivalent shall by itself constitute a 
default in payment within the meaning of Condition 10.
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8.9 by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders.
9.
Taxation 
9.1
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law.
9.2
Additional amounts: Should French law require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note or 
Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever 
levied by the Republic of France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon to, or to a third party on 
behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon.
10.
Events of Default
The Representative (as defined in Condition 12), upon request of any Noteholder, or, if and so long as the Notes 
are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been appointed, such Noteholder, may, after written 
notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent has been given and unless all defaults shall have been remedied, cause all 
the Notes held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable, whereupon such Notes shall become 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount, plus accrued interest to the date of repayment without any 
other formality, if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs:
10.1
the Issuer is in default for the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and, 
with respect to any interest due, the default continues for a period of fifteen (15) calendar days immediately 
following the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or
10.2
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Terms and Conditions and (except in 
any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will 
be required) the failure continues for the period of thirty (30) calendar days next following the service by any

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 -
Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or
10.3
the Issuer fails to pay when due or, if applicable, at the expiry of any grace period, any monies in excess of EUR 
200,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currencies, in respect of any of its indebtedness, other than the Notes, or 
in the event that any required payment in excess of EUR 200,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currencies in 
respect of any guarantee it gave in respect of monies borrowed by its Principal Subsidiaries is not honored, unless 
it is contesting in good faith that such debt is due or that such guarantee is callable so long as the dispute is being 
defended and has not been fully adjudicated or unless such non-payment arose due to a technical failure or 
administrative error and is remedied within the shorter of the applicable grace period and eight (8) days on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payment in London and Paris, following the service by any 
Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring repayment thereof; or
10.4
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary is dissolved, wound up or reorganised (either by court order or otherwise) 
unless (i) in the case of the Issuer, it is in connection with a merger, consolidation, almagation with any company 
where the successor corporation assumes all of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes and the 
creditworthiness of such successor company is not materially weaker than that of the Issuer prior to such merger, 
consolidation or amalgamation, or (ii) in the case of any Principal Subsidiary, the undertaking and assets of such 
Principal Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer or another of its Principal Subsidiaries or in another company which 
as a result of such dissolution, winding up or reorganisation becomes a Principal Subsidiary; or
10.5
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the whole of its 
business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer; or
10.6
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its telecommunications business 
(which represents a substantial part of the telecommunications business of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole) carried on by it prior to such cessation, the result of which reduces the value of the assets of the Issuer
unless, in the case of any Principal Subsidiary, if the undertaking and assets of such Principal Subsidiary are 
vested in the Issuer or another of its Principal Subsidiaries or in another company which as a result becomes a 
Principal Subsidiary; or
10.7
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, 
pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due (situation de cessation des paiements), or is adjudicated or 
found bankrupt or insolvent; or
10.8
(A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or any other similar laws, or an application is made for the appointment of 
an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or any other similar official is appointed, in relation to 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a part of the undertakings or assets of the Issuer, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a part of its undertakings or assets (which are material in the 
context of the issue of the Notes), or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a part of its undertakings or assets (which are material 
in the context of the issue of the Notes); and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not 
discharged within 28 calendar days, provided that this paragraph (g) shall not apply to any proceedings against the 
Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary brought by a third party other than an administrative or judicial authority where 
the Issuer can demonstrate that any such proceedings are being contested by the Issuer or the Principal Subsidiary 
in good faith, diligently and by appropriate proceedings in a competent court.
11.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or 
five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
12.
Representation of Noteholders
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a Masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et 
seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 12, with the exception of Articles L. 228-59, 
R. 228-61 and R. 228-69 of the French Code de commerce.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 -
12.1
Legal Personality
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") and 
in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes.
12.2
Representative
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative shall be:
AETHER FINANCIAL SERVICES S.A.R.L
36 rue de Monceau
75008 Paris - France
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single 
Representative of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties, as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given 
Series.
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any, or another Representative may be appointed. Collective 
Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance 
with Condition 12.9.
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative and 
the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer.
12.3
Powers of the Representative
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take all acts 
of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to 
delegate its powers.
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative.
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.
12.4
Collective Decisions
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by consent of the 
Noteholders pursuant to a consultation in writing (the "Consultation in Writing", as further described in 
Condition 12.4.2 below).
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to participate 
in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second 
(2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision.
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12.9.
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 -
12.4.1
General Meetings
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting 
has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to 
petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or represented hold 
at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes cast 
by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with Condition 
12.9 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not 
less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation.
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by correspondence.
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period on the 
first convocation and five (5) calendar day period on the second convocation preceding the holding of each 
General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the 
General Meeting.
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a representative at the start of 
a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, 
notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional 
chairman for the purpose of the appropriate formalities.
12.4.2
Consultation in Writing and Electronic Consent
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding 
of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Consultation in Writing. 
Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Consultation in 
Writing may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
("Electronic Consent"). 
Notices seeking the approval of Noteholders by way of a Consultation in Writing, which shall include the text of 
the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided under Condition 12.4.1 no 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such resolutions by way of a 
Consultation in Writing (the "Consultation in Writing Date"). Notices seeking the approval of Noteholders by 
way of a Consultation in Writing will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed resolutions. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Consultation in Writing Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes 
until after the Consultation in Writing Date. 
Resolutions subject to a Consultation in Writing shall be approved, on first notice (i) by Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection of such proposed resolutions hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding and (ii) by Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least 66.6 per cent. of such quorum. If 
such quorum is not met, a resolution by way of a Consultation in Writing will be approved, on second notice, by 
Noteholders expressing their approval representing at least 66.6 per cent. of all voting Noteholders. Approval of a 
resolution by way of a Consultation in Writing may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any resolution approved 
by way of a Consultation in Writing shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of such Noteholders. The resolutions subject to a Consultation in Writing may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, 
and shall be published in accordance with Condition 12.9.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 -
12.5
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (providing for a prior approval of
the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of 
bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall 
not apply to the Notes.
12.6
Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions.
12.7
Single Masse
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated 
with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their 
respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche or Series of Notes will be the single Representative of all such Series.
12.8
Sole Noteholder
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been 
appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to 
the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions 
taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of 
any of the Notes of such Series.
12.9
Notices to Noteholders
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be published on the website of 
Orange (http://www.orange.com) and,
(i)
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a 
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or
(ii)
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are 
for the time being cleared. 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' approval as per 
Condition 12, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9. Any Noteholder will then have the right to request 
redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for redemption.
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the proposal for 
approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 
228-73 of the French Code de commerce. Such redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with this Condition 12.9. If the Masse does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed 
with the transaction will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9.
12.10
Outstanding Notes
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Notes purchased 
by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and regulations that are held
and not cancelled.
13.
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 -
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and regulations, and 
regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agents as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
such purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
14.
Further issues and consolidation
14.1
Further issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further 
Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount and the issue date
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further Notes provide for such assimilation, and 
references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.
14.2
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on any 
Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar 
days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, 
whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes 
have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of 
all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.
15.
Notices
15.1
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Registered Notes shall be valid if either (i) they are mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a 
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) in 
a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (b) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (c) so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be 
valid if published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market 
on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les 
Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be.
15.2
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall be valid if published 
(i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (ii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (iii) so long as such Notes are listed and/or
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices 
shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to 
be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be.
15.3
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
15.4
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream or any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for 
the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15.1 and 15.2 above; except that so long as such 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated 
Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 -
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located which, in 
the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be.
15.5
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 15 does not apply to notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) 
of the General Meetings or Consultation in Writing pursuant to Condition 12.
16.
Method of publication of the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market will always be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and Orange
(www.orange.com).
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, 
the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will 
be published on the website of (x) such Regulated Market or (y) the competent authority of the Member State in 
the EEA where such Regulated Market is situated.
17.
Governing law and jurisdiction
17.1
Governing law: The Notes (and, where applicable, Coupons and Talons) are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, French law.
17.2
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 -
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be applicable to the Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the 
relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title
but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions 
to "Notes" are to the Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 8 June 2022 between Orange (the 
"Issuer") and Société Générale as fiscal agent and as paying agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement"). The functions of Aether Financial Services as make-whole 
calculation agent have been agreed by separate agreement between the Issuer and Aether Financial Services. The fiscal 
agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) and the make-
whole calculation agentfor the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying 
Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the 
"Calculation Agent(s)" and the "Make-Whole Calculation Agent".
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below.
1.
Definitions and interpretation
1.1
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires:
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated 
version applicable as at the date of issue of the first tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA, as 
may be supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of 
the first tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream").
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Business Day" means:
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); and/or
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal Financial Centre for such currency and in 
the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any).
"Code" means the French code monétaire et financier.
"Coupon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.2.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 -
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of 
time (from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):
(a)
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365).
(b)
if "Actual/365 - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator 
is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual calendar days elapsed during the leap 
year and whose denominator is 366.
(c)
if "Actual/Actual - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, the 
fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period).
(d)
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and
(ii)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(A)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(B)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year,
in each case where:
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date, and
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date.
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365.
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360.
if "30/360" or "360/360 (Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 -
     360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30.
(e)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
     360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(f)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 -
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar 
day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
"Definitive Materialised Bearer Note" has the meaning given in Condition 2.3.2.
"Dematerialised Note", "Dematerialised Bearer Note", "Dematerialised Registered Note", "Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Note" and "Dematerialised Fully Registered Note" have the respective meanings 
given in Condition 2.1.
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 7.2.3, Condition 7.3, Condition 7.4 or Condition 7.5, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"EEA" means the European Economic Area.
"Enforcement Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10.
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
"FBF" means the Fédération Bancaire Française.
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) published from time to time by the 
FBF, as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"FBF Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.3.3.
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of any Note means the amount to be redeemed in relation to each Note
and specified in the Final Terms and which shall be, unless otherwise provided, the nominal amount of the Notes.
"Final Terms" means, in relation to a Series or Tranche of Notes, the final terms of that Series or Tranche of 
Notes.
"Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 -
"Fixed Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a fixed rate.
"Floating Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a variable rate.
"General Meeting" has the meaning given in Condition 12.4.
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET Settlement Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Period 
if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the Specified Currency prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro.
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date.
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions.
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.3.3.
"Issue Date" in respect of any Notes means the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Margin" means the percentage per annum indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Masse" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"Materialised Note" and "Materialised Bearer Note" have the meanings given in Condition 2.1.
"Materialised Note Agent" means any agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Series of Materialised Notes 
pursuant to Condition 2.1.2.
"Maturity Date" means, in respect of a Note with a specified maturity date, the date on which such Note shall be 
fully redeemed.
"Maximum Rate of Interest" and "Minimum Rate of Interest" have the respective meanings given in the 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Optional Redemption" means any option of the Issuer as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in 
accordance with Condition 7.2.1.
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.2.1.
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case 
may be.
"Payment Business Day" means a day:

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 -
(a)
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, and on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant Financial Centre(s) (if any) and
(b)
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in such currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried 
on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such currency, or in the 
case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Settlement Day.
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, the Euro-zone.
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes, which are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Rate Multiplier" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Rating Agency" means any of the following: Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") or S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), and any other rating agency of equivalent international standing solicited 
from time to time by the Issuer to grant a rating to the Issuer and/or the Notes and in each case, any of their 
respective successors to the rating business thereof. Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the European 
Union and, is under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as amended (the "CRA Regulation")
and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities
and Markets Authority (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.
"Redenomination Date" has the meaning given in Condition 2.4.1.
"Reference Banks" means the banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or in the event that no such 
banks are specified in the relevant Final Terms or that the Calculation Agent determines that any bank so specified 
is not providing offered quotations of the Reference Rate, the principal Euro-zone office of any major bank 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR.
"Reference Rate" means the EURIBOR or the SONIA specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or any 
successor or replacement rate. 
"Registration Agent" means any person or entity designated in the Final Terms of a Series of Dematerialised 
Registered Notes to act as agent on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of opening and maintaining accounts for 
the holders of Notes of such Series.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the EEA, as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended. 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of such Note or 
Coupon first becomes due or, if any amount of money payable is improperly withheld or refused, the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or in the case of Materialised Notes, if earlier, the date 
seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation 
of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation.
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Representative" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"Series" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 -
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in Condition 2.2.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to a company (the "Parent Company") at any time, any other company in which 
the Parent Company holds more than 50 per cent. of the share capital (as provided in Article L.233-1 of the Code 
de Commerce) or any other company which is controlled directly or indirectly by the Parent Company within the 
meaning of Article L.233-3 of the Code de Commerce.
"Talon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.2.
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating.
"TARGET 2 System" means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform or any successor thereto. 
"Tranche" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.
1.2
Interpretation: In these Conditions, unless a contrary indication appears:
1.2.1
the terms "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" and "Noteholder" refer to (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons or Talon relating thereto; and (iii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is 
outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears as a holder of such Notes or of a 
particular nominal amount of interests in such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations 
and with the applicable rules and procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, 
Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate.
1.2.2
the term "Couponholder" refers to the bearer of any Coupon.
1.2.3
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of 
the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8.1, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to the 
account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8.1 and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the 
Paying Agents as provided in Conditions 8.2 and 8.3 and remain available for payment against presentation 
and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become 
void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased by the Issuer
and that are held or have been cancelled as provided in these Conditions, and (e) in the case of Materialised 
Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised 
Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised 
Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised 
Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions.
1.2.4
references to (i) "principal" include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 7, (ii) "interest" include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 6 and (iii) "principal" and/or 
"interest" include any additional amounts payable under Condition 9.
1.2.5
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France acting as central depositary.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 -
1.2.6
a "unit" or "sub-unit" of a currency means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country or countries of such currency.
2.
Form, denomination(s), title, redenomination and method of issue
2.1
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes").
2.1.1
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. 
of the Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
either bearer form (au porteur) ("Dematerialised Bearer Notes"), in which case they are inscribed in an 
account maintained by an Account Holder having itself an account in the books of Euroclear France, or in 
registered form (au nominatif) ("Dematerialised Registered Notes") and, in such latter case, at the option of 
the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) ("Dematerialised Fully Registered 
Notes"), in which case they are inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent, or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) ("Dematerialised Administered Registered 
Notes"), in which case the Notes are inscribed both in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent and an account maintained by an Account Holder. 
2.1.2
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). Materialised Bearer Notes are 
serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") and, where appropriate, a talon (the "Talon") 
attached. Any issue of Materialised Notes requires the appointment by the Issuer of a Materialised Note Agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) which will perform the functions otherwise attributed, in these 
Conditions, to the Fiscal Agent and/or Paying Agents.
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory.
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article L. 228-2 of the Code de commerce, request at any time from the central depositary 
identification information of Noteholders of Notes in dematerialised form (au porteur) such as the name or the 
company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email 
address of such Noteholders.
2.2
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms, save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be 
€100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in each such 
currency at the issue date (the "Specified Denomination(s)") subject to compliance with the regulations of the 
relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.
2.3
Title:
2.3.1
Title to Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Registered Notes shall 
pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent.
2.3.2
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery.
2.3.3
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 -
2.4
Redenomination:
2.4.1
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar day's notice in accordance 
with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency 
the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union, or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects, 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal 
amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. 
The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the 
"Redenomination Date".
2.4.2
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 2.4.1 shall be made by converting the principal amount 
of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the 
Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If 
the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro 
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash 
adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer.
2.4.3
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant national currency 
shall be construed as a reference to Euro.
2.4.4
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, in 
connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 14, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon but taking into account market practice in 
respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day 
convention, principal financial centre designation, interest accrual basis or Reference Rate specification) which 
it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified 
to them in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter.
2.4.5
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of 
Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.
2.5
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in 
series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
3.
Conversion and exchanges of Notes
3.1
Dematerialised Notes:
3.1.1
Dematerialised Bearer Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Registered Notes, whether in fully 
registered form or in administered registered form.
3.1.2
Dematerialised Registered Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Bearer Notes.
3.1.3
Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Notes, and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by the relevant Noteholder

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 -
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the 
cost of such Noteholder.
3.2
Materialised Notes: Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.
4.
Status of the Notes
The status of the Notes will be as follows:
4.1
Deeply Subordinated Notes
The Notes are deeply subordinated notes of the Issuer issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the
French Code de commerce.
The Notes constitute obligations under French law. The obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal, interest and 
other amounts (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future Parity Securities of the 
Issuer, but shall be subordinated to present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer and to Ordinary 
Subordinated Obligations and to Unsubordinated Obligations of, or issued by, the Issuer. The Notes shall rank in
priority to any Junior Securities.
For the purpose of this Condition:
"Junior Securities" means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) any other class of the
Issuer's share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence)).
"Ordinary Subordinated Obligations" means obligations, whether in the form of notes or otherwise, which 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rankand will rank or are
expressed to rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future ordinary
subordinated obligations, behind Unsubordinated Obligations but in priorityto prêts participatifs, if any, and deeply
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, including the Notes.
"Parity Securities" means (i) any securities or other similar instruments issued by the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, including for the avoidance of doubt 
the perpetual bonds redeemable into shares issued by Orange (formerly, France Télécom) on 3 March 2003 (the
"TDIRA"), the €1,000,000,000 Undated 10 Year Non-Call DeeplySubordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued 
by Orange on 7 February 2014, the €1,250,000,000 Undated 12 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to 
Reset Rate Notes and the £600,000,000 Undated 8.5 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate
Notes issued by Orange on 1st October 2014, the €1,000,000,000 Undated 6 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated 
Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issuedby Orange on 15 April 2019, the €500,000,000 Undated 7.5 Year Non-Call Deeply
Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued by Orange on 19 September 2019, the €700,000,000 Undated 8 
Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued on 15 October 2020 and the €500,000,000 
Undated 8 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes issued on 11 May 2021 and (ii) any
securities or other similar instruments issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer which have the benefit of a guarantee
from the Issuer (or similar instrument from the Issuer), which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the
Issuer's obligations under the Notes.
"Unsubordinated Obligations" means obligations, whether in the form of notes or otherwise, which constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu
without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligationsrequired to be preferred by French 
law) pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.
4.2
Payment on the Notes upon a liquidation proceeding of the Issuer
If any judgment is issued by any competent court for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, 
or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to 
the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution
of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason(and in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 -
consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency whereby the
surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes), the rights of the Noteholders will be
calculated on the basis of the principal amount of the Notes together with any accrued interest on such principal 
amount and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amount thereon) and to the extent that all
other creditors of the Issuer (including creditors in respect of Unsubordinated Obligations, Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations and prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer) ranking in priority to the Noteholders have been or will 
be fully reimbursed, as ascertained by the liquidator. On a liquidation of the Issuer, no payments will be made to 
holders of Junior Securities before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all Noteholders under the Notes have been paid
by the Issuer.
4.3
Prohibition of set-off
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the
Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note,be deemed to have waived all such rights of
set-off, compensation or retention.
5.
Negative pledge
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes.
6.
Interest and other calculations
6.1
Fixed Rate Notes:
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms.
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
6.2
Resettable Notes
6.2.1
Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes: Each Note which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Resettable Note (a "Resettable Note") will bear interest on its outstanding principal amount:
(A)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Resettable Note Reset 
Date at the Initial Rate of Interest (each as specified in the Final Terms);
(B)
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) (x) the Second Resettable 
Note Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, (i) with respect to Notes with no specified maturity date, the date of redemption of all the Notes or 
(ii) with respect to Notes with a specified maturity date, the Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of 
Interest; and
(C)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest
(each as specified in the Final Terms).
Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the Interest Payment Date or Interest Payment Dates specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and, in the case of Notes with a specified maturity date, on the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Maturity Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the first Interest Payment 
Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the Interest Commencement Date.
The Calculation Agent will cause the relevant Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of Interest and Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest and the relevant Interest Amount payable per Note to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying
Agents and, if required by therules of Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange on which the Notes are admitted

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 -
to trading from time to time, to such stock exchange, and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 without 
undue delay, but, in any case, not later than on the fourth (4th) Business Day after its determination.
For the purpose of this Condition:
"First Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date until (but 
excluding) (x) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) with respect to Notes with no specified maturity date, the date of 
redemption of all the Notes or (ii) with respect to Notes with a specified maturity date, the Maturity Date.
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, subject to Condition 6.2.2 below, the rate of interest being determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the 
applicable Margin as specified in the Final Terms.
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Margin(s)" means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6.2.2 and Condition 
6.2.3 below, either:
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day 
prior to the first day of each such Reset Period.
"Resettable Note Reset Date" means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 -
"Second Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Resettable 
Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date.
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to Condition 
6.2.2 below, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the applicable Margin as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
6.2.2
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes:
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall 
be the sum of the arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the applicable Margin(s), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.2.2, the First Reset
Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the rate 
of interest as at the last preceding Resettable Note Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest.
For the purposes of this Condition:
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the 
relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (each as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent).
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate.
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four 
major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international reputation.
6.2.3
Mid-Swap Rate Discontinuation:
(a)
Independent Adviser

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 -
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint (at its
own cost) an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to 
the next relevant Reset Determination Date), to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(b)) and, in either case, 
a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(c)) and any Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3 shall act in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an independent adviser with appropriate expertise in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3.
For the avoidance of doubt the Issuer’s consultation referred to above shall not give any 
discretionary power to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser will act alone in determining 
whether a substitute or successor rate for the purposes stated above is available.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.2.3, no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Mid-Swap Adjustment
Spread be applied, nor will any other related Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments be made, if and 
to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (i) 
result in a reduction of the amount of “equity credit” assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency
when compared to the “equity credit” assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the occurrence 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice 
the eligibility of the Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency.
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(a) prior to the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, then the Rate of Interest for such next Reset Period shall be determined by 
reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6.2.2.
(b)
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i)
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.2.3(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 6.2.3); or 
(ii)
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, then 
such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6.2.3(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 6.2.3).
(c)
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be).
(d)
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 -
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d) and the Independent Adviser, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 15, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2.3(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(e)
Notification of Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and 
the specific terms of any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, determined under Condition 6.2.3 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the 
Masse (as defined in Condition 12) (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any.
Otherwise, the Calculation Agent will give notice to the Noteholders of the First Reset Rate of 
Interest and (if applicable) the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 15.
(f)
Definitions
For the purposes of this Condition:
"Alternative Mid-Swap Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(b) and which is customary 
in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.
"Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case 
of an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate);
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines 
that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged);

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 -
(iii)
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate.
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Event" means:
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Screen Page); and/or
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, which states that the administrator 
of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, has ceased or will cease to provide the Mid-Swap Rate, 
permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Relevant Screen Page); and/or
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; and/or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Mid-Swap Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; and/or
(v)
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the 
Interest Rate (being the Calculation Agent), or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payment due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Mid-Swap Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation, if applicable);
(vi)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish 
such Original Mid-Swap Rate has been adopted; and/or
(vii)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate that the Original Mid-Swap Rate in the opinion of the supervisor, is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or that its method of calculation has 
significantly changed
(viii)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate, announcing that the methodology for the determination of 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate is materially altered compared to the methodology as used
by theadministrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate at the Issue Date,
provided that, the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall occur on the earlier of the dates of the 
events referenced in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv).
"Original Mid-Swap Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Relevant Nominating Body", in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 -
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
"Successor Mid-Swap Rate" means an industry accepted successor rate to the Original Mid-
Swap Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
6.3
Floating Rate Notes:
6.3.1
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise provided in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Interest Payment Date(s) shall be defined in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date is so defined, shall consist of each date which 
falls the number of months or other period defined as the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
6.3.2
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which case (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen 
had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or 
(D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.
6.3.3
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below 
relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(a)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (a), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(ii)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of that Interest 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction"
(Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions.
(b)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes:

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 -
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(c)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 
6.3.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
(ii)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (i)(A) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (i)(B)
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
(iii)
If paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date,

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 -
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as 
the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Intrerest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period).
(iv)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where:
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period;
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in the relevant Interest Period;
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day ("i+1");
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms;
"p" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 -
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate in respect of such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, for any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i".
If, in respect of that London Banking Day "i-pLBD", the Calculation Agent or another 
financial institution or independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate.
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA, the Calculation Agent or another financial institution or independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer shall, to the extent 
that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for 
the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent or another financial institution or 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, the 
Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
(d)
Benchmark Discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for 
any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over other 
fallbacks specified in Condition 6.3.3 (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall not apply to SONIA).

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 -
(i)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.3.3(d)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 6.3.3(d)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 6.3.3(d)(iv)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.3.3(d) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of 
manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6.3.3(d).
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(a)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 6.3.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.3.3(d)); or 
(b)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6.3.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 6.3.3(d)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable).
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 6.3.3(d) and the Independent Adviser determines (A) 
that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or 
Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the relevant terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 6.3.3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.3.3(d), the
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 -
(v)
Notices, etc.
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) 
and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notice), the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6.3.3(d). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 
6.3.3(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 6.3.3(c) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments.
(vii)
Fallbacks
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback provisions relating to 
the Original Reference Rate Specified in Condition 6.3.3(c) will continue to apply to 
such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to 
apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination
Date.
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.3.3(d), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 6.3.3(d).
(viii)
Definitions
In this Condition 6.3.3(d):
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or equal 
to zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which 
the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines in accordance with customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and which is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 -
a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (a) 
above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or
c)
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology 
in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser determines acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative benchmark 
or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 6.3.3(d) and which is customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:
a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
(6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i);
c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; 
d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(d)(i); 
e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months; 
f)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or
g)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; or

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 -
h)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate in the opinion of the 
supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying market or that its method
of calculation has significantly changed. 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as 
amended or supplemented.
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at 
all times acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 6.3.3(d)(i).
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):
a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as
applicable); or
b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a 
Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those 
successor or replacement rates, those of which is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the 
nature of the Issuer.
6.4
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis (the 
"Change of Interest Basis") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that:
(i)
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to change 
of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed effective after a valid 
notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or
(ii)
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
on the Switch Date (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis").
6.5
Margin, maximum/minimum rates of interest, rate multipliers and rounding:
6.5.1
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 -
6.2 above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph.
6.5.2
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of 
Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher minimum interest 
rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the minimum interest rate shall be deemed equal to zero.
6.5.3
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit or sub-
unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to 
the nearest yen.
6.6
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction and by any Rate Multiplier, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal 
such Interest Amount. 
6.7
Determination and publication of interest and payment amounts: The Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, as soon as practicable, calculate any rate of interest or amount (including 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be), obtain any quotation or make any other determination or 
calculation that it is required to make pursuant to these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, and it shall cause 
such rate, amount, quotation, determination or calculation (as well as any relevant Interest Payment Date) to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or 
any Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the 
rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 6.3.2, the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the 
accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
6.8
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate 
of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change 
of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15.
6.9
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent if provision is made for it in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding
(as defined above). If any Make-Whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Make-
Whole Calculation Agent or to calculate any Make-Whole Redemption Amount, then the Issuer shall appoint

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 -
another Make-Whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any 
change of Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15.
6.10
Interest Deferral
Interest payments shall only be due and payable if the Issuer so elects, in accordance with the provisions of the
following paragraphs.
6.10.1
Optional Interest Payments
If Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final terms, the Issuer may, at any time and 
at its sole discretion, elect to defer in whole or in part the payment of interest accrued on the Notes in respect of any
Interest Period, exceptin relation to a payment of interest to be made on an Interest Payment Date falling on the date
of redemption of the Notes, by giving notice of such election to the Noteholders in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(d) below. If the Issuer makes such an election, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make such payment and any 
such non-payment or partial-payment of interest shall not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of
obligations under the Notes.
Any interest in respect of the Notes which has not been paid at the election of the Issuer in accordance with this 
paragraph will be deferred and shall constitute "Arrears of Interest" andshall be payable as outlined below.
6.10.2
Arrears of Interest
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount thereon) may at the option of the Issuer be paid 
in whole or in part at any time, provided that all Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amounts 
thereon) in respect of all Notes for the time being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in 
part, on the date (the "Mandatory Settlement Date") which is the earliest of:
(a)
the tenth (10th) Business Day following the occurrence of a Mandatory Payment Event;
(b)
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not electto defer all or part of 
the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period;
(c)
the date on which the Notes are redeemed; or
(d)
upon a judgment is made for the judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidationjudiciaire), or in the event of 
a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to the 
opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or in the event of the voluntary
dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above,
other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganization outside the
context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the
Notes).
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest in accordance with Article 1343-2 of theFrench Code civil as 
if it constituted the principal of the Notes at a rate which corresponds to the rate of interest from time to time
applicable to the Notes (the "Arrears Interest Rate") and the amount of such interest (the "Additional Interest 
Amount") with respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable pursuant to this paragraph (b) and shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the Arrears Interest Rate to the amount of the Arrears of Interest and
otherwise mutatis mutandis as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition.
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest Payment Date shall be added in accordance with and to
the extent permitted applicable law to the amount of Arrears of Interestremaining unpaid on such Interest Payment 
Date so that it will itself become Arrears of Interest, for the purpose only of calculating the Additional Interest
Amount accruing thereafter.
For the purpose of this Condition, "Mandatory Payment Event" means that:

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 -
(a)
a dividend (either interim or final), or any other distribution or payment was validly resolvedon, declared, 
paid or made in respect of any Junior Securities or Parity Securities, except (i) where such dividend, 
distribution or payment was contractually required to be declared, paid or made under the terms of such 
Junior Securities or Parity Securities and (ii) in the case of Parity Securities any partial payment of
Arrears of Interest at the option of the Issuer; or
(b)
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer has repurchased, purchased, redeemed or otherwiseacquired any 
Junior Securities, except where (x) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition was undertaken
in connection with the satisfaction by the Issuer or any Subsidiaryof the Issuer of its respective obligations 
under any share buyback programme in force and duly approved by its shareholders' general meeting or 
any stock option plan or free share allocation plan reserved for directors, officers and/or employees of the 
Issuer's group or any associated hedging transaction or the hedging of convertible securities or other 
equity-linkedsecurities or (y) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition is contractually required
to be made under the terms of such Junior Securities; or
(c)
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer has repurchased, purchased, redeemed or otherwiseacquired any 
Parity Securities or any Notes, except where (x) such repurchase, purchase, redemption or acquisition is 
contractually required to be made under the terms of such Parity Securities or (y) such repurchase, 
purchase, redemption or acquisition is effected as a public tender offer or public exchange offer at a 
purchase price per security which is below its par value.
6.10.3
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts:
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts are paid in part:
(a)
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before any Additional Interest Amounts;
(b)
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment has been made of all 
Arrears of Interest that have accrued during any earlier period and the order of payment of Additional 
Interest Amounts shall follow that of the Arrears of Interest to which they relate; and
(c)
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts payable in respect of any of the Notes in
respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the total amount of all unpaid Arrears of Interest or, as the case
may be, Additional Interest Amounts accruedon the Notes in respect of that period to the date of payment.
6.10.4
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interests
Notice of (i) deferral of any interest under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date and (ii) any date upon which 
amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) shall become due
and payable shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, and the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent atleast five (5) Business Days in Paris, but no more than thirty (30) Business Days in Paris, prior
to such Interest Payment Date or date, which notice shall be irrevocable. So long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to such stock exchange so require, notice of any such deferral 
shall also be given as soon as reasonably practicable to such stock exchange.
7.
Redemption, purchase and options
7.1
Final redemption: 
7.1.1
Notes with a specified maturity date:
In respect of Notes with a specified maturity date, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
specified below, each such Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) together with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest and
Additional Interest Amounts if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the Maturity Date.
7.1.2
Notes with no specified maturity date:

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 -
Notes with no specified maturity date are undated obligations of the Issuer and have no fixed maturity date, but 
may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer under certain circumstances set out below.
7.2
Redemption at the option of the Issuer:
7.2.1
Optional Redemption:
If an Optional Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than ten (10) nor 
more than forty (40) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or on any date during any residual redemption 
period (the "Residual Redemption Period"), the first date of any such period (if any) being a "Residual 
Redemption Date", each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such redemption of Notes shall be 
at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption and Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest
Amount thereon).
7.2.2
Make-whole redemption:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
forty (40) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all (butnot some only) of the 
Notes then outstanding at any time other than (i) in the case of Resettable Notes, during the Residual 
Redemption Period (if any) or upon any subsequent Interest Payment Date or (ii) in the case of Notes 
(other than Resettable Notes), on any Interest Payment Date on which an Optional Redemption can be 
exercised by the Issuer for which the Optional Redemption Amount per Note is the par value of such 
Note plus any interest accrued thereon (the "Make-Whole Redemption Date") at their Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount.
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount and the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties.
For the purpose of this Condition:
"Benchmark Rate" means the annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (rounded to the nearest
0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) displayed on the Reference Screen Rate at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)) as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or, if the Reference Screen
Rate is not available, the average of the four quotations given by Reference Dealers to the Make-Whole
Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the Business Day immediately
preceding the Calculation Date of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security
(rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards). The Benchmark Rate (and the
reference of the Similar Security, if applicable) will be published by the Issuer in accordance with
Condition 15.
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date.
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 7.2.2, an amount, determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of 
(i)
the greater of (x) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum 
(rounding the resulting figure, if necessary, to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded 
upwards)) of the then present values as at the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any Arrears of Interest and 
Additional Interest Amount thereon and any interest accruing on such Note from, and including,

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 -
the last Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Issue Date, immediately preceding such 
Make-Whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date) up to and 
discounted from (x) in the case of Resettable Notes: (A) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date
occurs prior to the Residual Redemption Date (if any) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the 
Residual Redemption Date or (B) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date occurs after the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, in each case, to such 
Make-Whole Redemption Date, on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to 
the Make-Whole Redemption Rate or (y) in the case of Notes (other than Resettable Notes), the 
next succeeding Interest Payment Date on which an Optional Redemption can be exercised by the 
Issuer for which the Optional Redemption Amount per Note is the par value of such Note plus any 
interest accrued thereon, on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate, and
(ii)
any interest accrued and any Arrears of Interest (and Additional Interest Amount thereon) but not
paid on such Note from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the
Issue Date, immediately preceding such Make-Whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding,
the Make-Whole Redemption Date.
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin(s)" means the margin or margins specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means the sum, as calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent,of
the Benchmark Rate and the Make-Whole Redemption Margin(s).
"Quotation Agent" means the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing.
"Reference Dealers" means four (4) banks selected by the Quotation Agent, at its sole discretion, which 
are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues.
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding or the Reference Screen Rate does not quote the yield on the Reference 
Security, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent on the Calculation Date, quoted in 
writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 15.
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be redeemed, assuming for this purpose only 
that, (i) in respect of Resettable Notes, the Notes mature on (A) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date
occurs prior to the Residual Redemption Date (if any) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date or (B) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date occurs after the First Resettable 
Note Reset Date, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date that would be utilised and (ii) in respect of 
Notes (other than Resettable Notes), the Notes mature on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date on 
which an Optional Redemption can be exercised by the Issuer for which the Optional Redemption 
Amount per Note is the par value of such Note plus any interest accrued thereon, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed.
7.2.3
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, in the event that, following any 
purchase or partial redemption of the Notes by the Issuer, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes of that Series is equal to, or lower than, 25% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes or any lower percentage (the "Clean-Up Percentage") as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (a "Substantial Repurchase Event"), at its option but subject to having given not more than forty 
(40) nor less than ten (10) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in 
accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest Amount), provided that if Make-Whole

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 -
Redemption is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the Issuer has partially exercised 
the make-whole redemption option referred to in Condition 7.2.2, the clean-up call option shall not be 
exercised within a period of six (6) months as from any Make-Whole Redemption Date.
7.3
Redemption for taxation reasons:
7.3.1
If Redemption following a Gross-Up Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and by reason 
of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional 
amounts as specified under Condition 9 below (a "Gross-Up Event"), the Issuer may, at its option but subject 
to having given not more than forty (40) nor less than ten (10) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest Amount), provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which 
the Issuer could make payment of principal and/or interest without withholding for such French taxes.
7.3.2
If Redemption following a Withholding Tax Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons, be prevented by 
French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then 
due and payable (a "Withholding Tax Event") then the Issuer may, at its option, at any time, subject to having 
given not less than seven calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 15,
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any 
Additional Interest Amount) on the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal 
and/or interest without withholding for French taxes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter.
7.3.3
If Redemption following a Tax Deductibility Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and 
an opinion of a recognised law firm of international standing has been delivered to the Issuer, stating that by 
reason of a change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments under the Notes is modified and 
such modification results in the part of the interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes that is tax-
deductible being reduced (a "Tax Deduction Event") the Issuer may, at its option, at any time (subject to 
having given not more than forty (40) nor less than ten (10) calendar days' notice to Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15), redeem all of the Notes (but not some only) at the 
Early Redemption Amount, provided that the effective date of redemption of which notice hereunder may be 
given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date preceding the effective date on which the tax regime of 
interest payments under the Notes is modified.
7.4
Redemption following an Accounting Event: If Redemption following an Accouting Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and an Accounting Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the Issuer may at its option 
redeem all (but not some only) the Notes on any day from the Accounting Event Adoption Date, subject to the
Issuer having given the Noteholders not less than ten (10), or more than forty (40), Business Days' prior notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and 
any Additional Interest Amount).
For the purpose of this Condition:
"Accounting Event" means that a recognised accountancy firm, acting upon instructions of the Issuer, has
delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, stating that as a result of a change in accounting principlesor methodology 
(or in each case the application thereof) after the Issue Date (the earlier of such date that the aforementioned 
change is officially announced by the relevant body of IFRS or officially adopted or put into practice, the 
"Accounting Event Adoption Date"), the Notes may not or may no longer be recorded as “liability” or “equity”, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in full in the audited annual or the semi-annual consolidated financial
statements of the Issuer pursuant to the application of IFRS or any other accounting standards that may replace
IFRS. The Accounting Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the Accounting Event Adoption Date
notwithstanding any later effective date. The period during which the Issuer may notifythe redemption of the Notes 
as a result of the occurrence of an Accounting Event shall start on the Accounting Event Adoption Date. For the

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 -
avoidance of doubt such period shall include any transitional period between the Accounting Event Adoption Date
and the date on which it comes into effect.
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards or any other accounting standards that may replace 
IFRS for the purposes of preparing the annual or semi-annual audited consolidated financial statements of the
Issuer.
7.5
Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event: If Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating Event 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Equity Credit Rating Event shall occur after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer may at its option redeem all (but not some only) the Notes at any time, subject to the Issuer having given the 
Noteholders not less than ten (10), or more than forty (40), Business Days' prior notice (which notice shall be
irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, at the Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued 
to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest and any Additional Interest 
Amount), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the last calendar day before the date on which the Notes are assigned a level of equity credit that is lower than
the level or equivalent level of equity credit assigned to the Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue
Date, or if such equity credit was not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the equitycredit was assigned for
the first time.
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Equity Credit Rating Event" means that the Issuer certifies in a notice to the Noteholders that an amendment, 
clarification or change in the “equity credit” criteria of any Rating Agency (or the application or interpretation 
thereof), which amendment, clarification or change has occurred or became effective after the Issue Date, results 
in (a) all or any of the Notes being assigned a level of “equity credit” that is lower than the level or equivalent 
level of “equity credit” (or if the Notes have been partially or fully refinanced since the Issue Date and are no 
longer eligible for “equity credit” from such Rating Agency in part or in full as a result, all or any of the Notes that
would be assigned a level of “equity credit” that is lower than the level or equivalent level of “equity credit” as a 
result ofsuch amendment, clarification or change in the “equity credit” criteria (or the application thereof) hadthey 
not been refinanced) assigned to the Notes by such Rating Agency on the Issue Date, or if such equity credit was 
not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the equity credit was assigned for the first time or (b) the period of 
time during which such Rating Agency assigned to the Notes a particular level of "equity credit" being shortened 
as compared to the period of time for which such Rating Agency did assigned to the Notes that level of "equity 
credit" on the Issue Date, or if such “equity credit” was not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the 
“equity credit” was assigned for the first time.
7.6
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by way of a tender and/or exchange 
offer) at any price, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may 
be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of 
the Notes, or cancelled in accordance with Condition 7.7.
7.7
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be cancelled 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts 
relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate 
and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall 
be discharged.
8.
Payments and Talons
8.1
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Bearer Notes or Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, by transfer to the account denominated in the 
relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a bank designated

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 -
by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments.
8.2
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears 
of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8.6.5 or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 8.6.5, as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre for such currency or, in the 
case of Euro, in a city where banks have access to the TARGET 2 System.
8.3
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all 
such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
8.4
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes are subject in all 
cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations, directives or orders of courts of competent jurisdiction applicable in
the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its agent are subject in respect of such 
payments to the Issuer, the relevant Paying Agent, the relevant Account Holder or, as the case may be, the person 
shown in the records of Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of Notes but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. 
8.5
Appointment of agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent,
the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent act as 
independent experts and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the Consolidation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so 
require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least one major European city (which shall be Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris), (vi) a Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require and (vii) such 
other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 8.3 above.
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 2.4 with a view to consolidating such Notes 
with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall ensure that the same 
entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes 
and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15.
8.6
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons:
8.6.1
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 -
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to 
such Coupon) or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to 
such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for 
payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11).
8.6.2
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Bearer 
Notes, unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.
8.6.3
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.
8.6.4
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, 
and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
8.6.5
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as 
the case may be (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest if applicable), shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. 
Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Note.
8.7
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11), 
provided that, in respect of Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always take place at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agents, as the case may be, in Paris.
8.8
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment.
9.
Taxation 
9.1
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law.
9.2
Additional amounts: Should French law require that payments of principal or interest or other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present or future taxes or duties whatsoever levied by the Republic of France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder 
or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 -
10.
Enforcement Events, No Event of Default and No Cross-Default
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. There is no cross default under the Notes.
However, each Note shall become immediately due and payable at its principal amount, together with accrued 
interest thereon, if any, to the date of payment and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest 
Amounts thereon), in the event that a judgement is rendered by any competent court for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession 
totale de l'entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or in 
the event of a voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases 
listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the
context of aninsolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). In the
event of liquidation of the Issuer, no payments will be made to holders of any class of the share capitalof the Issuer
before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all Noteholders have been paid by the Issuer.
11.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or 
five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
12.
Representation of Noteholders
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a Masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et 
seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 12, with the exception of Articles L. 228-59, 
R. 228-61 and R. 228-69 of the French Code de commerce.
12.1
Legal Personality
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") and 
in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes.
12.2
Representative
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative shall be:
AETHER FINANCIAL SERVICES S.A.R.L
36 rue de Monceau
75008 Paris - France
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the single 
Representative of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties, as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given 
Series.
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any, or another Representative may be appointed. Collective 
Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance 
with Condition 12.8.
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative and 
the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 -
12.3
Powers of the Representative
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take all acts 
of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to 
delegate its powers.
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative.
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.
12.4
Collective Decisions
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by consent of the 
Noteholders pursuant to a consultation in writing (the "Consultation in Writing", as further described in 
Condition 12.4.2 below).
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to participate 
in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second 
(2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision.
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12.8.
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
12.4.1
General Meetings
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting 
has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to 
petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or represented hold 
at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes cast 
by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with Condition 
12.8 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not 
less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation.
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by correspondence.
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period on the 
first convocation and five (5) calendar day period on the second convocation preceding the holding of each 
General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the 
General Meeting.
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a representative at the start of 
a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, 
notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional 
chairman for the purpose of the appropriate formalities.
12.4.2
Consultation in Writing and Electronic Consent

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 -
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding 
of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Consultation in Writing. 
Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Consultation in 
Writing may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
("Electronic Consent"). 
Notices seeking the approval of Noteholders by way of a Consultation in Writing, which shall include the text of 
the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided under Condition 12.4.1 no 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such resolutions by way of a 
Consultation in Writing (the "Consultation in Writing Date"). Notices seeking the approval of Noteholders by 
way of a Consultation in Writing will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed resolutions. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Consultation in Writing Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes 
until after the Consultation in Writing Date. 
Resolutions subject to a Consultation in Writing shall be approved, on first notice (i) by Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection of such proposed resolutions hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding and (ii) by Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least 66.6 per cent. of such quorum. If 
such quorum is not met, a resolution by way of a Consultation in Writing will be approved, on second notice, by 
Noteholders expressing their approval representing at least 66.6 per cent. of all voting Noteholders. Approval of a 
resolution by way of a Consultation in Writing may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any resolution approved 
by way of a Consultation in Writing shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of such Noteholders. The resolutions subject to a Consultation in Writing may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, 
and shall be published in accordance with Condition 12.8.
12.5
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (providing for a prior approval of
the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of 
bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall 
not apply to the Notes.
12.6
Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions.
12.7
Single Masse
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated 
with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their 
respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche or Series of Notes will be the single Representative of all such Series.
12.8
Sole Noteholder
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been 
appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to 
the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions 
taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of 
any of the Notes of such Series.
12.9
Notices to Noteholders
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be published on the website of 
Orange (http://www.orange.com) and,

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 -
(iii)
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a 
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or
(iv)
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are 
for the time being cleared. 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' approval as per 
Condition 12, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9. Any Noteholder will then have the right to request 
redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for redemption.
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the proposal for 
approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 
228-73 of the French Code de commerce. Such redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with this Condition 12.9. If the Masse does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed 
with the transaction will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.9.
12.10
Outstanding Notes
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Notes purchased 
by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and regulations that are held
and not cancelled.
13.
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and regulations, and 
regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agents as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
such purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
14.
Further issues and consolidation
14.1
Further issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further 
Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount and the issue date
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further Notes provide for such assimilation, and 
references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.
14.2
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on any 
Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar 
days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, 
whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes 
have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of 
all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.
15.
Notices
15.1
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Registered Notes shall be valid if either (i) they are mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 -
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) in 
a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (b) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (c) so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be 
valid if published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market 
on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les 
Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be.
15.2
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall be valid if published 
(i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (ii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (iii) so long as such Notes are listed and/or
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices 
shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to 
be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be.
15.3
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
15.4
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream or any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for 
the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15.1 and 15.2 above; except that so long as such 
Notes are are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated 
Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located which, in 
the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be.
15.5
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 15 does not apply to notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) 
of the General Meetings or Consultation in Writing pursuant to Condition 12.
16.
Method of publication of the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market will always be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and Orange
(www.orange.com).
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, 
the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will 
be published on the website of (x) such Regulated Market or (y) the competent authority of the Member State in 
the EEA where such Regulated Market is situated.
17.
Governing law and jurisdiction
17.1
Governing law: The Notes (and, where applicable, Coupons and Talons) are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, French law.
17.2
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 -
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATE
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Bearer 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers with other 
clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems 
with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any clearing 
system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream or other clearing systems.
Exchange
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after 
its Exchange Date (as defined below):
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents).
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Bearer Notes before interest or 
any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid.
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent (or its designated agent). In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate 
so surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes.
In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global 
Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal requirements and requirements of the Regulated Market. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes shall be 
available at the specified offices of the designated Paying Agents.
Exchange Date
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day next succeeding the calendar day 
that is forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior 
to such calendar day pursuant to Condition 2, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed 
to the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 -
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 8 June 2022 (as amended or supplemented 
as at the issue date, the "Dealer Agreement") between Orange, the Permanent Dealers and the Arrangers, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis to the permanent dealers (the "Permanent Dealers"). However, Orange has reserved the right 
to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Permanent Dealers (together with the Permanent Dealers, the 
"Dealers"). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents for the Issuer. The Dealer
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are underwritten by two or more Dealers.
Orange will pay each relevant Dealer the commission agreed between them in respect of the Notes subscribed by such 
Dealer. Orange has agreed to reimburse BNP Paribas and BofA Securities Europe SA as arrangers (the "Arrangers") for 
certain of their expenses incurred in connection with the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their 
activities in connection with the Programme. 
Orange has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. 
The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain 
circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling restrictions
General
These selling restrictions may be amended or supplemented in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, in particular following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will (to 
the best of its knowledge and belief and in accordance with their professional duties) comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it acquires, purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and that it will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale. None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefor.
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued and placed with investors outside France. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); 
and/or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.
France
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 -
to the public in France pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and under Article L.411-2 
of the French Code monétaire et financier and that the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes 
and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 
of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including and corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines 
and regulations of Japan. 
United States of America

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 -
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, except as 
permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes of 
any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Fiscal Agent by the relevant Dealer, or in 
the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period as defined in Regulation S a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S.
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of 
Notes and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except 
for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong 
Kong ("SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in 
the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for 
the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to 
the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong 
Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance.
People's Republic of China
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any of 
the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) except as permitted by the 
securities laws of the People's Republic of China.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes 
or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 -
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(Revised Edition 2020 (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or 
the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six (6) months after 
that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person referred to in Section 275(1) or 
Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 3237A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations Singapore 2018.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 -
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") EITHER and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]2
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU nonlegislative 
materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook , and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended
("MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, on insurance 
distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
                                                
2
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.
3
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the 
UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 -
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore –
The Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]4
Final Terms dated []
ORANGE
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : 969500MCOONR8990S771
Euro 35,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
SERIES NO: []
TRANCHE NO: []
[Brief description and Amount of Notes]
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]
PART A
CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 8 June 2022 which received approval n°22-199 from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France on 8 
June 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval n°[] from the AMF on [] which 
[together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the 
websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) Orange ("the Issuer") (www.orange.com) and copies may be 
obtained at the registered office of Orange. [In addition5, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []].
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date.
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval n°[•] from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France 
on [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•]]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 
June 2022 which received approval n°22-199 from the AMF on 8 June 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [] which received approval n°[] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [•]
which received approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received 
approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•] are attached hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2022 which received 
approval n°22-199 from the AMF on 8 June 2022 and the Base Prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on 
the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) Orange (the "Issuer") (www.orange.com) and copies may be 
                                                
4
Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore through a financial institution operating in Singapore and (ii) 
the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
5
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 -
obtained at the registered office of Orange. [In addition6, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []].
1.
(i)
Issuer:
Orange
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[]
(ii)
[Tranche Number:
[]
(if fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series, including the date 
on which the Notes become fungible).]
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the (insert description 
of the relevant Series) (the "Existing Notes") 
as from the date of assimilation which is 
expected to be on or about 40 calendar days 
after the Issue Date.
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii)
Tranche:
[]
5.
(i)
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]
6.
Specified Denomination(s):
[]7 (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes)
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date]
8.
Maturity Date:
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Fixed/Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
                                                
6
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.
7
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less 
than one (1) year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 -
[CPI Linked Interest]
[HICP Linked Interest]
[US CIP Linked Interest]
(further particulars specified below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Inflation Linked Redemption]
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
[specify the date when any fixed to floating rate
or any floating to fixed rate change occurs 
where applicable]
12.
Put/Call Option:
[Put]
[Call]
[Make Whole Redemption] [will apply unless 
otherwise specified]
[Pre-Maturity Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)]
[Clean-up]
13.
(i)
Status of the Notes:
Unsubordinated Notes
(ii)
Dates of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes:
[Decision of the Board of Directors of Orange
dated [●] and decision of the Chairman and 
CEO dated [●]]8
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified below / 
not adjusted]9
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]10:
[[] per [] in nominal amount/Not Applicable]
(iv)
Broken Amount:
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
                                                
8
Relevant only for Notes constituting obligations under French law.
9
RMB Notes only.
10
Not applicable for RMB Notes.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 -
falling [in/on] [] / Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]]
(Day count fraction should be Actual-Actual-
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or RMB, unless 
agreed otherwise)
(vi)
Determination Date(s):
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) or for RMB Notes)
(vii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(viii)
Business Centre:
[] / [Not Applicable]
(ix)
Party responsible for calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the 
Calculation Agent)11:
[] / [Not Applicable]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURIBOR or TEC 10 or CMS Rate or 
SONIA or any other reference rate that might 
replace them is the appropriate reference rate)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[]
(iii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(iv)
Business Centre(s):
[]
(v)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[FBF 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination]
(vi)
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[]
                                                
11
RMB Notes only.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 -
Calculation Agent):
(vii)
FBF Determination:

Floating Rate:
[]

Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable):
[]

FBF Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions):
[]
(viii)
ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[]

Designated Maturity:
[]

Reset Date:
[]

ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions] /
[2021 ISDA 
Definitions]
(if different from those set out in the 
Conditions)
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/TEC10/SONIA or any 
other reference rate that might replace them]

Interest Determination Date:
[[] [[TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency]]/[London Business 
Days] prior to [the first calendar day in each 
Interest Period/each Interest Payment Date]][, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention].]]

Relevant Screen Page:
[]

Reference Banks:
[specify four]

Reference Currency:
[]

Designated Maturity:
[]

Specified Time:
[]

[Observation 
Look-Back 
Period:
[]/[Not Applicable]]
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
(x)
Margin(s):
[+/–] [] per cent. per annum

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 -
(xi)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum 
(xii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]]
(xiv)
Rate Multiplier:
[]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortization Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]]
17.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Issuer Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Automatic Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Periods 
preceding the Switch Date (excluded):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 6.2, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [●] of these Final Terms
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Periods 
following the Switch Date (included):
Determined in accordance with [Condition -6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 6.2, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [●] of these Final Terms
Switch Date:
[●]
Minimum notice period required for notice from 
the Issuer:
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not 
Applicable]]
18.
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
CPI, HICP or US CPI Linked Interest
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 -
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP - OPTION 1/HICP- OPTION 2/US 
CIP]
(ii)
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent);
[]
(iii)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(iv)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[]
(v)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP/US CIP] Daily Inflation Reference 
Index applicable on [specify date] (amounting 
to: [])
(vi)
Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio
(vii)
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]]
(viii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[]
(ix)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[]
19.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note:
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination
(iii)
If redeemable in part:

Minimum nominal amount to 
be redeemed:
[]

Maximum nominal amount to 
be redeemed:
[]
(iv)
Option Exercise Date(s):
[]
(v)
Description of any other Issuer's 
option:
[]

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 -
(vi)
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions):
[]
20.
Make-Whole Redemption (Condition 7.2.2 )
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Notice period:12
[]
(ii)
Parties to be notified (if other 
than set out in Condition 7.2.2):
[[]/Not Applicable]
(iii)
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin:
[]
(iv)
[Reference Screen Rate:
[[]/Not Applicable]]
(v)
Reference Security:
[]
(vi)
If redeemable in part:

Minimum nominal amount to 
be redeemed:
[]

Maximum nominal amount to 
be redeemed:
[]
21.
Pre-Maturity Call Option (Condition 7.2.3)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Pre-Maturity Call Option Date:
[]
(ii)
Notice period:
[]
22.
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 7.2.4)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Early Redemption Amount:
[]
(ii)
Clean-Up Percentage:
[As per the Conditions] / []
23.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note:
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination
(iii)
Option Exercise Date(s):
[]
(iv)
Description 
of 
any 
other 
[]
                                                
12
If setting notice periods which are different from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 -
Noteholders' option:
(v)
Notice period:
[]
24.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[[] 
per 
Note 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]/[As 
provided 
below 
for 
Inflation Linked Notes]
25.
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Final Redemption Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP - OPTION 1/HICP - OPTION 2/US 
CPI]
(ii)
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes:
[Condition 
7.4
applies]/[Condition 
7.4(b) 
applies (with respect to HICP - OPTION 2)]
(iii)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP - OPTION 1/ HICP - OPTION 
2/US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [])
(iv)
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[]
26.
Early Redemption Amount
(i)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or an event 
of default:
[]/[As provided below for Inflation Linked 
Notes] 
(ii)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for illegality reasons:
[]/[Not Applicable]
(iii)
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption 
(Bearer Notes only):
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]
27.
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Early Redemption Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP - OPTION 1/HICP - OPTION 2/US 
CPI]
(ii)
Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes:
[Condition 7.5.2 applies]/[Condition 7.5.2(b) 
applies (with respect to HICP - OPTION 2)]
(iii)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference 
Index applicable on [specify date] (amounting 
to: [])

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 -
(iv)
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
28.
Form of Notes:
[Dematerialised Notes / Materialised Notes, 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)] 
[Delete as appropriate]
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes:
[Not Applicable / Dematerialised Bearer Notes 
(au porteur)/Dematerialised Fully Registered 
Notes (au nominatif pur) / Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Notes (au nominatif 
administré)]
(ii)
Registration Agent:
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, 
address and details] (Note that a Registration 
Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Dematerialised Registered Notes only)]
(iii)
Temporary Global Certificate:
[Not Applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Bearer Notes on [] (the "Exchange Date"), 
being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]
(iv)
Materialised Note Agent:
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, 
address and details] (Note that a Materialised 
Note Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Materialised Notes)
(v)
Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[C 
Rules/D 
Rules/Not 
Applicable]
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes)
29.
Identification information of Noteholders
as 
provided by Condition 2.1:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
30.
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment dates:
[Not Applicable/specify any other financial 
centres]. Note that this item relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which items 14(viii) and 15(iv) 
relate]]
31.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature):
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]
(Only applicable to the Materialised Notes)
32.
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]] [annexed to these Final Terms] apply]
33.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]][annexed to these Final Terms] apply]

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 -
34.
Masse:
Name and address of the Representative: []
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []]
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes described herein 
pursuant to the Euro [•],000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer.]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.
Signed on behalf of Orange:
Duly represented by:

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 -
PART B
OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing
(i)
Listing and admission 
to trading:
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and/or
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / [] (specify 
relevant regulated market and any third country market, 
SME growth market or multilateral trading facility) with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already listed and/or admitted to 
trading.)
(ii)
Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, 
to 
the 
knowledge 
of 
the 
Issuer, securities of the 
same class of the Notes 
to 
be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
are 
already 
admitted to trading:
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on []/Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
Existing Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(iii)
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading:
[]
2.
Ratings 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are expected to be rated]:
[S&P: []]
[Moody's: []]
[Fitch: []]
[[Other]: 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]]
[[Each of] [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")], [Moody's Investors Service España, S.A.
("Moody's")] [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")] [and [●]] is established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, 
[each of] [S&P], [Moody's] [Fitch] [and [●]] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.]
[[Each of] [●] [and [●]] is established in the European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended (the "CRA Regulation")., although the result of such 
applications has not been determined by the relevant competent authority. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 -
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered the CRA Regulation unless 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 
which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused.]
[[•] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but is endorsed by [•] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with CRA Regulation.]
[[None of [●] and] [●] is [not] established in the European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.]
[In accordance with the CRA Regulation (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment 
etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation")), the rating assigned to the Notes by [•]
will be endorsed by [•], being a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-ratingagencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation.]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
3.
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the [issue/offer]
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: ["So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer."]/[][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. When adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.]
4.
Third party information and statement by experts and declarations of any interest
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.
5.
Reasons for the Offer and estimated net proceeds
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for [its general corporate purposes/specify any other 
reasons.]]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[Green 
Bonds]/[Social 
Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]/[•] and the net proceeds will be 
used to finance and/or refinance [in whole or in part] one or more 
of the projects included in the [Green Eligible Projects]/[Social 
Eligible Projects]/[Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible 
Projects] pursuant to the Framework which is available on the 
website of the Issuer ([•]) and described below:
[Describe specific projects included in the Green Eligible 
Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 -
and/or where the information can be obtained]]
(ii)
Estimated 
net 
proceeds:
[]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.)
[(If the Notes are securities giving rise to payment or delivery 
obligations linked to an underlying to which Annex 17 of the 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as amended applies it is 
only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds at (ii) above 
where disclosure is included at (i) above.)]
6.
[Fixed Rate Notes Only - Yield
Indication of yield:
[]]
7.
[Floating Rate Notes only - Information on Floating rate Notes
Performance of interest rates:
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/TEC 10/CMS
Rate/SONIA or any other reference rate that might 
replace them] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charge from [•]/give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance].]
8.
[Notes linked to a Benchmark only - Benchmark
[Not Applicable]/[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify the applicable 
benchmark] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] on [the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation")]/[the register of administrators and
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]]
9.
[Inflation-Linked Notes only—Performance of index and Other Information13
[Need to include the name of the Inflation Index and an indication of where to obtain by electronic means
information about the past and the future performance of the Inflation Index and its volatility, and whether or not 
it can be obtained free of charge.]
[When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation]
[The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information.]]
10.
Operational Information

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 -
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
[FISN Code: 
[[•]14/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the FISN is not required 
or requested, it/they should be specified to be
"Not 
Applicable".)]]
[CFI Code: 
[[•]15/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the CFI is not required 
or requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".)]
Depositaries:
(i)
Euroclear France to 
act 
as 
Central 
Depositary:
[Yes/No]
(ii)
Common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream:
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agents:
[]/[Not Applicable]
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agents (if any):
[] (Insert name of Materialised Note Agent here if Notes are 
Materialised Notes)
The aggregate principal amount of
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [] producing a 
sum of:
[]
11.
Distribution
(i)
Method 
of 
distribution
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names 
of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
In case of RMB issues underwritten on a several and not joint 
basis, 
include 
appropriate 
disclosure 
of 
underwriting 
commitments and arrangements.)
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (including 
[Not Applicable/give name]
                                                
14
See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN.
15
See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN.

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 -
addresses) (if any):
(iii)
If 
non-syndicated, 
name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 -
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") EITHER and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]16
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU nonlegislative 
materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]17
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, on insurance 
distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
                                                
16
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.
17
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the 
UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 -
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore –
The Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]18
Final Terms dated []
ORANGE
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : 969500MCOONR8990S771
Euro 35,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
SERIES NO: []
TRANCHE NO: []
[Brief description and Amount of Notes]
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]
PART A
CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 8 June 2022 which received approval n°22-199 from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France on 8 
June 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval n°[] from the AMF on [] which 
[together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the 
websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) Orange ("the Issuer") (www.orange.com) and copies may be 
obtained at the registered office of Orange. [In addition19, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []].
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date.
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval n°[•] from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France 
on [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•]]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 
June 2022 which received approval n°22-199 from the AMF on 8 June 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [] which received approval n°[] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [•]
which received approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received 
approval n°[•] from the AMF on [•] are attached hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2022 which received 
approval n°22-199 from the AMF on 8 June 2022 and the Base Prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on 
the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) Orange (the "Issuer") (www.orange.com) and copies may be 
                                                
18
Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore through a financial institution operating in Singapore and (ii) 
the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
19
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 -
obtained at the registered office of Orange. [In addition20, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []].
1.
(i)
Issuer:
Orange
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[]
(ii)
[Tranche Number:
[]
(if fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series, including the date 
on which the Notes become fungible).]
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the (insert description 
of the relevant Series) (the "Existing Notes") 
as from the date of assimilation which is 
expected to be on or about 40 calendar days 
after the Issue Date.
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii)
Tranche:
[]
5.
(i)
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]
6.
Specified Denomination(s):
[]
21
(one 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes)
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date]
8.
Maturity Date:
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year]/[Not Applicable]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Resettable Rate]
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Fixed/Floating Rate]
                                                
20
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.
21
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less 
than one (1) year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 -
(further particulars specified below)
10.
Deferral of Interest - Optional Interest Payment:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
11.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par/Not Applicable]
12.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
[specify the date when any fixed to floating rate
or any floating to fixed rate change occurs 
where applicable]
13.
Call Options:
[Optional Redemption]
[Make Whole Redemption] [will apply unless 
otherwise specified]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[Redemption following an Accounting Event]
[Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating 
Event]
[Redemption following a Gross-Up Event]
[Redemption following a Withholding Tax 
Event]
[Redemption following a Tax Deduction Event]
[(further particulars specified below)]
14.
(i)
Status of the Notes:
Subordinated Notes (specify details for any 
provisions of Subordinated Notes notably 
whether dated or undated)
(ii)
Dates of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes:
[Decision of the Board of Directors of Orange
dated [●] and decision of the Chairman and 
CEO dated [●]]22
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified below / 
not adjusted]
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[[] per [] in nominal amount/Not Applicable]
                                                
22
Relevant only for Notes constituting obligations under French law.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 -
(iv)
Broken Amount:
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] / Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]]
(Day count fraction should be Actual-Actual-
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, unless agreed 
otherwise)
(vi)
Determination Date(s):
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))
(vii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(viii)
Business Centre:
[] / [Not Applicable]
(ix)
Party responsible for calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[] / [Not Applicable]
16.
Resettable Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●]
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] 
in 
[arrear/advance]]
(ii)
Broken Amount:
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] / Not Applicable]
(iii)
Margin(s):
[●]
(iv)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and ending 
on [●]
(v)
First Resettable Note Reset Date:
[●]
(vi)
Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date:
[●] / [Not Applicable]
(vii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] /

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 -
[Eurobond Basis]]
(viii)
Reset Determination Date(s):
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA)
(ix)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(x)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(xi)
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(xii)
Subsequent 
Resettable 
Note 
Reset Dates:
[●]
(xiii)
Mid-Swap Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]
(xiv)
Original Mid-Swap Rate:
[●]
(xv)
Mid-Swap Maturity:
[●]
(xvi)
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate:
[EURIBOR/SONIA or any other reference rate 
that might replace them]
(xvii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●]23
(xviii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable]/[●]
(xix)
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[●]
17.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURIBOR, SONIA
or any other 
reference rate that might replace them is the 
appropriate reference rate)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[]
(iii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
                                                
23 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 -
(iv)
Business Centre(s):
[]
(v)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[FBF 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination]
(vi)
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[]
(vii)
FBF Determination:

Floating Rate:
[]

Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable):
[]

FBF Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions):
[]
(viii)
ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[]

Designated Maturity:
[]

Reset Date:
[]

ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions] /
[2021 ISDA 
Definitions]
(if different from those set out in the 
Conditions)
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
[EURIBOR/SONIA or any other reference rate 
that might replace them]

Interest Determination Date:
[[] [[TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency]]/[London Business 
Days] prior to [the first calendar day in each 
Interest Period/each Interest Payment Date]][, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention].]]

Relevant Screen Page:
[]

Reference Banks:
[specify four]

Reference Currency:
[]

Designated Maturity:
[]

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 -

Specified Time:
[]

[Observation 
Look-Back 
Period:
[]/[Not Applicable]]
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
(x)
Margin(s):
[+/–] [] per cent. per annum 
(xi)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum 
(xii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / 
[Act/Act] / [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual 
– ICMA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis]]
(xiv)
Rate Multiplier:
[]
18.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Issuer Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Automatic Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Periods 
preceding the Switch Date (excluded):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 6.3, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [●] of these Final Terms
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Periods 
following the Switch Date (included):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 6.3, as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [●] of these Final Terms
Switch Date:
[●]
Minimum notice period required for notice from 
the Issuer:
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not 
Applicable]]
19.
Optional Redemption (Condition 7.2.1)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 -
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Residual Redemption Period:
[]
(iii)
Residual Redemption Date:
[]
(iv)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note:
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination
(v)
Description of any other Issuer's 
option:
[]
(vi)
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions):
[]
20.
Make-Whole Redemption (Condition 7.2.2)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Notice period:24
[]
(ii)
Parties to be notified (if other 
than set out in Condition 7.2.2):
[[]/Not Applicable]
(iii)
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin(s):
[]
(iv)
Reference Screen Rate:
[[]/Not Applicable]
(v)
Relevant Time:
[]
(vi)
Reference Security:
[]
21.
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 7.2.3)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Clean-Up Percentage:
[As per the Conditions] / []
22.
Redemption
following
a 
Gross-Up
Event
(Condition 7.3.1)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
23.
Redemption following a Withholding Tax Event
(Condition 7.3.2)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
24.
Redemption following a Tax Deduction Event
(Condition 7.3.3)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
25.
Redemption
following
an
Accounting
Event
(Condition 7.4)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Accouting Treatment:
[Liability]/[Equity]/[]
26.
Redemption following an Equity Credit Rating 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
                                                
24
If setting notice periods which are different from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 -
Event (Condition 7.5)
27.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[[] 
per 
Note 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]/[Not Applicable]
28.
Early Redemption Amount
(i)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons:
[] 
(ii)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
in case of the exercise of the 
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 
7.2.3)
[]
(iii)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
following an Accounting Event
(Condition 7.4)
[]
(iv)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
following
an
Equity 
Credit 
Rating Event (Condition 7.5)
[]
(v)
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption 
(Bearer Notes only):
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
29.
Form of Notes:
[Dematerialised Notes / Materialised Notes, 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)] 
[Delete as appropriate]
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes:
[Not Applicable / Dematerialised Bearer Notes 
(au porteur)/Dematerialised Fully Registered 
Notes (au nominatif pur) / Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Notes (au nominatif 
administré)]
(ii)
Registration Agent:
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, 
address and details] (Note that a Registration 
Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Dematerialised Registered Notes only)]
(iii)
Temporary Global Certificate:
[Not Applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Bearer Notes on [] (the "Exchange Date"), 
being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]
(iv)
Materialised Note Agent:
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, 
address and details] (Note that a Materialised 
Note Agent must be appointed in relation to

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 -
Materialised Notes)
(v)
Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[C 
Rules/D 
Rules/Not 
Applicable]
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes)
30.
Identification information of Noteholders
as 
provided by Condition 2.1:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
31.
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment dates:
[Not Applicable/specify any other financial 
centres]. Note that this item relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which items 14(viii), 15(ix) and 
16(iv) relate]]
32.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature):
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]
(Only applicable to the Materialised Notes)
33.
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]] [annexed to these Final Terms] apply]
34.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]][annexed to these Final Terms] apply]
35.
Masse:
Name and address of the Representative: []
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []]
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes described herein 
pursuant to the Euro [•],000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer.]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.
Signed on behalf of Orange:
Duly represented by:

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 -
PART B
OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing
(i)
Listing and admission 
to trading:
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and/or
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / [] (specify 
relevant regulated market and any third country market, 
SME growth market or multilateral trading facility) with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already listed and/or admitted to 
trading.)
(ii)
Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, 
to 
the 
knowledge 
of 
the 
Issuer, securities of the 
same class of the Notes 
to 
be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
are 
already 
admitted to trading:
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on []/Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
Existing Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(iii)
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading:
[]
2.
Ratings 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are expected to be rated]:
[S&P: []]
[Moody's: []]
[Fitch: []]
[[Other]: 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]]
[[Each of] [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")], [Moody's Investors Service España, S.A.
("Moody's")] [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")] [and [●]] is established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, 
[each of] [S&P], [Moody's] [Fitch] [and [●]] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.]
[[Each of] [●] [and [●]] is established in the European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended (the "CRA Regulation")., although the result of such 
applications has not been determined by the relevant competent authority. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 -
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered the CRA Regulation unless 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 
which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused.]
[[•] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but is endorsed by [•] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with CRA Regulation.]
[[None of [●] and] [●] is [not] established in the European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.]
[In accordance with the CRA Regulation (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment 
etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation")), the rating assigned to the Notes by [•]
will be endorsed by [•], being a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-ratingagencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation.]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
[The following paragraphs in italics do not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming any legal or contractual obligation) that it will only 
redeem or repurchase the Notes to the extent that the part of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes to be redeemed or repurchased which was assigned “equity credit” (or such similar 
nomenclature used by [S&P] from time to time) at the time of the issuance of the Notes does not exceed 
such part of the net proceeds received by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer on or prior to the 
date of such redemption or repurchase from the sale or issuance of securities by the Issuer or such 
subsidiary to third party purchasers (other than group entities of the Issuer) which is assigned by 
[S&P] “equity credit” (or such similar nomenclature used by [S&P] from time to time), at the time of 
sale or issuance of such securities (but taking into account any changes in hybrid capital methodology 
or another relevant methodology or the interpretation thereof since the issuance of the Notes), unless:
(i)
the rating (or such equivalent nomenclature then used by [S&P]) assigned by [S&P] to the 
Issuer is at least equal to the rating on the date of the last additional hybrid issuance 
(excluding refinancing) and the Issuer is comfortable that such rating would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or
(ii)
in the case of repurchase of less than (x) 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes originally issued in any period of 12 consecutive months or (y) 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally issued in any period of 10 consecutive 
years is repurchased; or 
(iii)
in the case of repurchase, such repurchase would cause the Issuer’s outstanding hybrid 
securities which are assigned equity credit by [S&P] to remain below the maximum aggregate 
principal amount of hybrid securities which [S&P], under its then prevailing methodology, 
would assign equity credit to based on the Issuer’s adjusted total capitalisation; or
(iv)
the Notes are redeemed pursuant to a Equity Credit Rating Event, an Accounting Event, a Tax 
Deduction Event, or a Gross-Up Event; or

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 -
(v)
the Notes are not assigned an "equity credit" (or such similar nomenclature then used by 
[S&P]) at the time of such redemption or repurchase; or 
(vi)
such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after [•].]
3.
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the [issue/offer]
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: ["So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer."]/[][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. When adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.]
4.
Third party information and statement by experts and declarations of any interest
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.
5.
Reasons for the Offer and estimated net proceeds
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for [its general corporate purposes/specify any other 
reasons.]]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[Green 
Bonds]/[Social 
Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]/[•] and the net proceeds will be 
used to finance and/or refinance [in whole or in part] one or more 
of the projects included in the [Green Eligible Projects]/[Social 
Eligible Projects]/[Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible 
Projects] pursuant to the Framework which is available on the 
website of the Issuer ([•]) and described below:
[Describe specific projects included in the Green Eligible 
Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained]]
(ii)
Estimated 
net 
proceeds:
[]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.)
[(If the Notes are securities giving rise to payment or delivery 
obligations linked to an underlying to which Annex 17 of the 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 a amended applies it is 
only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds at (ii) above 
where disclosure is included at (i) above.)]

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 -
6.
[Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes Only - Yield
Indication of yield:
[]]
7.
[Floating Rate Notes only - Information on Floating rate Notes
Performance of interest rates:
Details of performance of [EURIBOR, SONIA or any 
other reference rate that might replace them] rates can 
be obtained, [but not] free of charge from [•]/give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance].]
8.
[Notes linked to a Benchmark only - Benchmark
[Not Applicable]/[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify the applicable 
benchmark] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] on [the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation")]/[the register of administrators and
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]]
9.
Operational Information
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
[FISN Code: 
[[•]25/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the FISN is not required 
or requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".)]]
[CFI Code: 
[[•]26/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the CFI is not required 
or requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".)]
Depositaries:
(i)
Euroclear France to 
act 
as 
Central 
Depositary:
[Yes/No]
(ii)
Common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream:
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)]
                                                
25
See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN.
26
See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN.

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 -
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agents:
[]/[Not Applicable]
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agents (if any):
[] (Insert name of Materialised Note Agent here if Notes are 
Materialised Notes)
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [] producing a 
sum of:
[]
10.
Distribution
(i)
Method 
of 
distribution
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names 
of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (including 
addresses) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iii)
If 
non-syndicated, 
name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 -
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Notes either (i) for general corporate purposes including for 
the financing or the refinancing of its current indebtedness or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or 
existing Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and described in the 
Issuer's sustainability financing framework (as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Framework"), which is available on the Issuer's website (https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=a379c472-d1d5-4bcc-
ab11-e4ecb7f0d665&srchEv=true&srchQy=vigeo&srchTp=all&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76). If, in respect 
of any particular issue, there is a particular use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects. The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and 
selection, management of proceeds and reporting consistent with guidelines set out in the Green Bond Principles, the Social 
Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets Association 
(ICMA), as they may be further updated.
In that context and in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, and as further described in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or indirectly, to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects as defined in the relevant Final Terms 
with reference to the relevant Framework or sections thereof.
The Framework describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and the external 
reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes. It is also specified that the providers of
such second party opinion and verification are and will be independent experts. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its 
content. 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") on the Framework, 
assessing the environmental, social and sustainability added value of the Framework and its alignment with the ICMA's 
Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines. This Second Party Opinion is available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website
(https://gallery.orange.com/finance#om=7c4a424c-1fe6-4cf5-97da-
301ef4b1b78f&srchEv=true&srchQy=vigeo&srchTp=all&v=c9b439ff-8e43-4e1b-8064-97664864ca76). It may by further 
updated or expended to reflect evolution in market practices, regulation and in the Issuer’s activities. Any amendment to 
such Second Party Opinion, or any new Second Party Opinion, to be provided following an amendment to the Framework, 
the publication of a new Framework or in application of any new legislation or regulation, will be made available on the 
Issuer's website.
Neither the Second Party Opinion nor the Framework is incorporated in, and they do not form part of, this Base Prospectus.
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance investments in Green Eligible Projects 
and/or Social Eligible Projects, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the 
Framework for further information.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 -
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
For a general description of the Issuer and the Group, its activities and their financial condition, please refer to the sections 
and pages of the 2021 Universal Registration Document identified in the cross-reference table of the "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 -
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
For the recent developments relating to the Issuer, please refer to the pages of the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
referred to in item 4.1.5. of the cross-reference table of the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base 
Prospectus which are completed as follows:
1°) The following press release dated 26 April 2022 has been published by the Issuer:
Financial information at 31 March 2022
Revenue growth and improved EBITDAaL margin

Retail services reap full benefits of value strategy and improved customer experience
In millions of euros
Revenues
EBITDAaL
eCAPEX (excluding licenses)
EBITDAaL - eCAPEX
Revenues rose 0.7%1 in the first quarter, driven by Africa & Middle East (+8.7%). Growth in retail
services was well above the decline in Wholesale services.
In France, the faster pace of retail services growth has yet to offset the decline in Wholesale.Revenues
fell slightly, by 0.7%.
Revenues in Spain remained lower, by 4.6%, but retail services continued to improve. The otherEuropean
countries were stable.
Revenues from Totem (for which this is the first reporting quarter) and from Enterprise grew by12.2%
and 0.8% respectively.
EBITDAaL rose 1.0% in the first quarter, outpacing the rise in revenues; this performance provides
further comfort to the 2022 target of a 2.5% to 3% increase since growth will accelerate at the end
of the year.
eCAPEX fell by 5.8% in the first quarter.
From a commercial standpoint, the Group is consolidating its leadership in convergence with
11.6 million customers across Europe, on the one hand thanks to the continuous improvement in
customer satisfaction – notably reflected in the reduced churn rate across Europe – and on the other
hand to the quality of its fiber network, to which more than half of the Group’s fixed-line customers in
France are now connected.
In a context of re-emerging inflation, the Group is taking all corrective measures to confirm its financial
objectives for 2022, a milestone towards the achievement of its 2023 commitments2:
EBITDAaL to increase by 2.5% to 3%
eCAPEX no greater than 7.4 billion euros
Organic cash flow from telecoms activities of at least 2.9 billion euros
Net debt/EBITDAaL ratio for telecoms activities unchanged at around 2x in the medium term
Maintained dividend for 2022 at 70 euro cents including an interim dividend of 30 euro cents in
December 2022
1 Unless otherwise stated, the changes presented in this press release are on a comparable basis.
2 Excluding pending external growth transactions
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
comparable
basis
1Q 2021
historical
basis
change
comparable
basis
change
historical
basis
10,582
10,511
10,315
0.7 %
2.6 %
2,620
2,595
2,565
1.0 %
2.2 %
1,610
1,708
1,760
(5.8)%
(8.6)%
1,011
887
805
13.9 %
25.6 %

--- Page 162 ---
Europe
- 162 -
Commenting on the publication of these results, Christel Heydemann, Chief Executive Officer of the
Orange Group, said:
"Having taken on my role as CEO a few weeks ago, it’s with pride and enthusiasm that I take on the
challenges that lie ahead and to continue to build Orange into a digital world leader. In this first
quarter, Orange has once again delivered a solid performance with higher revenues, improved margins
and the confirmation that we're on track to achieve our 2022 targets in spite of the particularly
uncertain environment.
We continue to reap the benefits of our European fiber and 5G network leadership with a 2% rise in our
retail sales growth in these first three months. We now have 11.6 million convergent customers in
Europe and over half of Orange's fixed broadband customers in France are now fiber connected - a
landmark achievement on which we will continue to build.
Totem, our towerco subsidiary - whose numbers we’re publishing for the first time - is a top-quality
asset of great value-creating potential. Meanwhile, Africa & Middle East continues to be our main
growth driver, again delivering a remarkable performance, with most African countries producing
double-digit growth thanks to new telecoms services that are off-setting the heightened competition
for Orange Money.
Spain remains our most challenging market, and we're pressing ahead with our stand-alone
programmes aimed at restoring growth. I'm also pleased to note our exclusive discussions on
combining our operations with those of Masmovil. This operation would lead to the creation of a
sustainable player with the investment capacity, infrastructure and competitive edge necessary for its
future development and for the benefit of both consumers and businesses in Spain.
In the B2B market, the transition to IT services represents and profound evolution of the business thatwe
are fully committed to achieving.
These results are testament to a company with extraordinary assets, not least our talented people all
around the world.
As the newly appointed CEO it’s with a sense of determination and responsibility that I approach both
our challenges and our many opportunities. These results demonstrate our ability to grow in a tough
environment and also represent a strong foundation not only for the rest of 2022, but also for the
longer term."
The Board of Directors of Orange SA met on 25 April 2022 to review the consolidated financial results
as of 31 March 2022.
More detailed information on the Group’s financial results and performance indicators is available on
the Orange website https://www.orange.com/en/consolidated-results.

--- Page 163 ---
Europe
- 163 -
Revenues
Orange Group revenues totaled 10,582 million euros in the first quarter of 2022, a rise of 0.7% year on
year (+71 million euros). Growth was driven by retail services3, which rose by 2.0% (+149 million euros),
while wholesale services declined by 6.8% (-129 million euros), notably due to the reduction in the
regulated call termination rate.
Africa & Middle East was once again the main contributor to this growth, with a year-on-year increaseof
8.7% (+133 million euros). Totem and Enterprise also grew, by 12.2% and 0.8% respectively.
Revenues in France declined by 0.7% despite the continued faster pace of retail services revenue
growth, which has yet to offset the decline in Wholesale.
Revenues in Spain remained lower, by 4.6%, but retail services there continued their improvement.The
other European countries4 were stable.
Customer base growth5
There were 11.6 million convergent customers Group-wide at 31 March 2022, up 1.6% year on year.
Mobile services had 231.8 million access lines at 31 March 2022, a rise of 5.3% year on year,
including 88.3 million contracts, an increase of 8.0% year on year.
Fixed services totaled 46.2 million access lines at 31 March 2022 (1.9% lower year on year), including
12.8 million very high-speed broadband access lines, which continued their strong growth (+19.6%year
on year). Fixed narrowband access lines were down 13.4% year on year.
Mobile Financial Services had nearly 1.8 million customers in Europe and 0.8 million customers inAfrica.
EBITDAaL
Group EBITDAaL stood at 2,620 million euros at 31 March 2022 (+1.0%). An acceleration in this growth
trend is expected in the second half of the year due to a favorable underlying effect linked to the
employee shareholding program, which weighed heavily on EBITDAaL in the final quarter of 2021.The 
first quarter’s performance is therefore in line with our objective of EBITDAaL growth of 2.5% to 3% for
the full year 2022.
EBITDAaL from telecoms activities was 2,646 million euros (+0.9%).
eCAPEX
Group eCAPEX amounted to 1,610 million euros in the first quarter of 2022, sharply down 5.8% year on
year due to the catch-up effect in the first quarter of 2021. This trend is in line with the objective of
eCAPEX below 7.4 billion euros for the full year 2022.
At 31 March 2022, Orange had 58.5 million households connectable to FTTH worldwide (an increaseof
17.7% year on year). In France, the FTTH customer base rose 23.0%.
3 B2C and B2B services. See definition in the attached glossary.
4 Poland, Belgium and Luxembourg, Romania, Slovakia and Moldova
5 Figures include the customer bases of Orange Romania Communications (formerly Telekom Romania Communications) acquired in
September 2021. Changes are shown on a comparable basis.

--- Page 164 ---
Europe
- 164 -
France
In millions of euros
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
comparable
basis
1Q 2021
historical
basis
change
comparable
basis
change
historical
basis
Revenues
4,386
4,415
4,404
(0.7)%
(0.4)%
Retail services (B2C+B2B)
2,733
2,688
2,688
1.7 %
1.7 %
Convergence
1,204
1,154
1,154
4.4 %
4.4 %
Mobile Only
571
559
559
2.1 %
2.1 %
Fixed Only
958
975
975
(1.7)%
(1.7)%
Wholesale
1,195
1,279
1,286
(6.6)%
(7.1)%
Equipment sales
285
276
269
3.2 %
6.1 %
Other revenues
173
172
162
0.8 %
7.0 %
Continued acceleration in retail services
Revenues in France declined by 0.7% in the first quarter of 2022 due to the continued contraction of
Wholesale services (-6.6%), linked to the decline of copper and a drop in call terminations. Co-
financing received for the period was virtually unchanged compared to the first quarter of 2021.
Retail activities continued to accelerate, growing 1.7% (+0.8% versus 2021), thanks to an excellent
commercial performance and the increase in all ARPOs.
Excluding PSTN6, retail services grew 3.8%, driven mainly by the success of 5G offers and fiber
penetration, which now represents the majority of our fixed-line customers.
In mobile, net additions grew to 51,0007 in the first quarter of 2022 (compared with 32,0007 in the first
quarter 2021). Year on year, the value mix improved and the churn rate declined.
In fiber, net fiber additions reached 327,000 (compared to 385,000 in the first quarter 2021). Fiber
remains a powerful customer acquisition tool with more than 53% of new fiber customers also being
new to the Group.
Amid a relative lull in promotions, we have grown our leadership in terms of customer satisfaction and
increased all ARPOs. The convergent ARPO thus rose by 1.7 euros to 70.5 euros, boosted by the
premium of the new 5G offering. The mobile only ARPO increased by 0.1 euros to 16.9 euros, buoyed
by price increases in 2021 and the gradual recovery of roaming. Finally, the fixed only ARPO grew by
0.3 euros to 36.1 euros, thanks to the fiber premium.
6 revenues related to the public switched telephone network.
7 Excluding M2M (machine-to-machine information exchange)

--- Page 165 ---
Europe
- 165 -
In millions of euros
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
comparable
basis
1Q 2021
historical
basis
change
comparable
basis
change
historical
basis
Revenues
2,648
2,703
2,583
(2.0)%
2.5 %
Retail services (B2C+B2B)
1,811
1,812
1,727
(0.1)%
4.9 %
Convergence
699
674
666
3.6 %
5.0 %
Mobile Only
700
721
719
(2.9)%
(2.6)%
Fixed Only
309
326
265
(5.1)%
16.6 %
IT & Integration services
102
90
77
13.0 %
32.6 %
Wholesale
432
484
454
(10.8)%
(4.9)%
Equipment sales
364
373
368
(2.5)%
(1.2)%
Other revenues
42
34
34
23.8 %
24.4 %
Retail services stabilized
Revenues in Europe were down 2.0% in the first quarter, mainly due to the decline in low-margin
wholesale activities (-10.8% or -52 million euros) linked to call terminations and international traffic.
Excluding Spain, revenues were stable.
Retail services revenues stabilized at -0.1% (after declining 4.5% in the first quarter 2021 and 1.8% in
the fourth quarter 2021). Strong performances in Belgium and Poland offset the decline in Spain.
This result is the fruit of the convergence strategy and the constant quest for the best financial balance
between value and volumes. It also reflects the ongoing efforts on customer experience, which improved
the churn rate year on year (for both mobile and fixed-line).
In Romania, the integration of TKR is progressing and the first quarter was marked by the adoption of
the “Orange Romania Communications” brand in March and the marketing of convergent offers under
the Orange brand in April.
In Spain, revenues were down 4.6% in the first quarter. Retail services continued their improving trend
and were down 4.0% (compared to -5.4% in the fourth quarter 2021 and -7.9% in the third quarter).
Conversely, the low-margin activities of equipment sales and international traffic declined.
In a market that is still fiercely competitive, especially in the low-cost segment, Orange Spain
continued to improve its convergent ARPO trend in the first quarter (down 0.3% compared with
decline of 1.8% in the fourth quarter 2021), albeit at the cost of slightly negative net additions.
A disciplined promotional policy and efforts to prioritize the customer experience enabled a reductionin
the churn rate on convergent offers by four points in one year.
We are confident of achieving our objective of a return to growth in Organic Cash Flow by the end of
the year.

--- Page 166 ---
Africa & Middle East
- 166 -
In millions of euros
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
comparable
basis
1Q 2021
historical
basis
change
comparable
basis
change
historical
basis
Revenues
1,668
1,535
1,488
8.7 %
12.1 %
Retail services (B2C+B2B)
1,463
1,340
1,301
9.2 %
12.4 %
Mobile Only
1,265
1,168
1,137
8.4 %
11.3 %
Fixed Only
188
169
160
11.6 %
17.7 %
IT & Integration services
9
4
4
146.0 %
106.4 %
Wholesale
166
159
153
4.5 %
8.0 %
Equipment sales
31
26
24
17.1 %
27.0 %
Other revenues
9
10
9
(10.8)%
(8.0)%
Remarkable performance continues
Africa & Middle East again recorded strong revenue growth in the first quarter of 2022 (+8.7%) with the
majority of the countries in the region achieving double-digit growth.
This performance reflects the continued rapid growth of retail services (+9.2%), thanks to mobile data
(+23.2%) and fixed broadband (+21.5%), which both continued to show very strong momentum in
customer base growth (+27.7% and +23.5% respectively) and fixed and mobile ARPOs.
The robustness of these growth drivers more than offset the decline in Orange Money revenues
(-25.1%). Adapting the commercial strategy in four countries in the region in response to heightened
competition resulted in a sharp reduction in revenues per customer but made it possible to increase the
active customer base and reach a record level of transaction value recorded through Orange Money.
Enterprise
In millions of euros
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
comparable
basis
1Q 2021
historical
basis
change
comparable
basis
change
historical
basis
Revenues
1,945
1,929
1,907
0.8 %
2.0 %
Fixed Only
876
931
918
(5.9)%
(4.6)%
Voice
262
290
288
(9.6)%
(9.0)%
Data
614
641
630
(4.3)%
(2.5)%
IT & Integration services
818
778
769
5.1 %
6.3 %
Mobile
251
220
220
14.2 %
14.3 %
Mobile Only
159
157
157
1.1 %
1.1 %
Wholesale
10
12
12
(11.3)%
(11.3)%
    Equipment sales
82
52
52
60.0 %
60.0 %
IT&S and mobile drive revenue growth
Enterprise revenues grew slightly by 0.8% in the first quarter of 2022, due to increased revenues from
IT & Integration of Mobile services. Fixed services continued to decline.
Profitability, however, remains under strong pressure in a challenging environment and a decline in
EBITDAaL is expected in 2022. Corrective measures have been implemented and other measures will
be undertaken in the coming months to enable the recovery in EBITDAaL.

--- Page 167 ---
TOTEM
- 167 -
In millions of euros
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
comparable
basis
1Q 2021
historical
basis
change
comparable
basis
change
historical
basis
Revenues
161
143
-
12.2 %
-
Wholesale
161
143
-
12.2 %
-
Other revenues
-
-
-
-
-
Totem is the Orange Group’s European company that owns and now manages the passive mobile
infrastructure portfolio for telecommunication towers (initially in France and Spain). Since the 1st of
January 2022 Totem is presented as a separate operating segment.
Revenues for the Totem Towerco were 161 million euros in the first quarter. Hosting activities (i.e.
excluding construction, design and basic reinvoicing activities with no impact on EBITDAaL)
represented 136 million euros, 15% of which came from customers outside the Group.
We will continue to grow our hosting activities (+3.3% year on year in the first quarter of 2022) by
building new sites and with the aim of increasing the colocation rate, which was 1.35 at the end of the
first quarter, to 1.5 by 2026.
International Carriers & Shared Services
In millions of euros
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
comparable
basis
1Q 2021
historical
basis
change
comparable
basis
change
historical
basis
Revenues
382
364
364
4.9 %
4.7 %
Wholesale
262
256
255
2.3 %
2.6 %
Other revenues
120
108
109
11.1 %
9.7 %
Revenues from International Carriers and Shared Services grew 4.9% in the first quarter. Services to
international carriers benefited in particular from the growth trend in international mobile services and
containment of the erosion of voice traffic. Sustained growth in Other revenues was mainly due to
growth in content activities.
Mobile Financial Services
Mobile financial services had 2.6 million customers at 31 March 2022, including 1.8 million in Europe
and 0.8 million in Africa.
The first quarter of 2022 saw strong commercial momentum in France and Spain, notably with a year-
on-year increase in the amount of loans of 16%.

--- Page 168 ---
Calendar of upcoming events
- 168 -
19 May 2022 - Annual Shareholders Meeting
28 July 2022 - Publication of Half Year 2022 results
Contacts
press:
Sylvain Bruno
sylvain.bruno@orange.com
Tom Wright
tom.wright@orange.com
financial communication:
(analysts and investors)
Patrice Lambert-de Diesbachp.lambert@orange.com
Aurélia Roussel
aurelia.roussel@orange.com
Louise Racine
louise.racine@orange.com
Hong Hai Vuong
honghai.vuong@orange.com
Disclaimer
This press release contains forward-looking statements about Orange’s financial situation, results of
operations and strategy. Although we believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions,
they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including matters not yet known to us or not
currently considered material by us, and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or
that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. More detailed information on the potential risks that
could affect our financial results is included in the Universal Registration Document filed on
31 March 2022 with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) and in the annual report (Form 20-F)
filed on 1st April 2022 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made. Other than as required by law, Orange does not undertake any
obligation to update them in light of new information or future developments.

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 -
Appendix 1: financial key indicators
Quarterly data
In millions of euros
Revenues
France
Europe
Africa & Middle East
Enterprise
Totem
International Carriers & Shared Services
   Intra-Group eliminations
EBITDAaL (1)
o/w Telecom activities
As % of revenues
o/w Mobile Financial Services
eCAPEX
o/w Telecom activities
as % of revenues
o/w Mobile Financial Services
EBITDAaL - eCAPEX
(1) EBITDAaL adjustments are described in Appendix 2.
Appendix 2: adjusted data to income statement items
Quarterly data
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
historical basis
Adjusted data, Presentation
adjustments,
Income
statement,
Adjusted data, Presentation
adjustments,
Income
statement,
In millions of euros
Revenues
10,582
-
10,582
10,315
-
10,315
External purchases
(4,496)
(7)
(4,504)
(4,342)
(2)
(4,344)
Other operating income
186
-
186
146
-
146
Other operating expense
(127)
(1)
(128)
(100)
(57)
(157)
Labor expenses
(2,196)
(37)
(2,233)
(2,169)
(31)
(2,199)
Operating taxes and levies
(895)
(3)
(897)
(881)
-
(881)
Gains (losses) on disposal of fixed assets,
investments and activities
na
11
11
na
6
6
Restructuring costs
na
(30)
(30)
na
(106)
(106)
Depreciation and amortization of financed assets
(23)
-
(23)
(21)
-
(21)
Depreciation and amortization of right-of-use assets
(381)
-
(381)
(358)
-
(358)
Impairment of right-of-use assets
(1)
-
(1)
-
-
-
Interest expenses on liabilities related to financed
assets
(0)
0
na
(0)
0
na
Interest expenses on lease liabilities
(29)
29
na
(27)
27
na
EBITDAaL
2,620
(38)
na
2,565
(163)
na
Significant litigation
(3)
3
na
(54)
54
na
Specific labour expenses
(36)
36
na
(27)
27
na
Fixed assets, investments and business portfolio
review
11
(11)
na
6
(6)
na
Restructuring program costs
(30)
30
na
(106)
106
na
Acquisition and integration costs
(10)
10
na
(9)
9
na
Interest expenses on liabilities related to financed
assets
na
(0)
(0)
na
(0)
(0)
Interest expenses on lease liabilities
na
(29)
(29)
na
(27)
(27)
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
comparable
basis
1Q 2021
historical
basis
variation
comparable
basis
change
historical
basis
10,582 10,511
10,315
0.7 %
2.6 %
4,386 4,415
4,404
(0.7)%
(0.4)%
2,648 2,703
2,583
(2.0)%
2.5 %
1,668 1,535
1,488
8.7 %
12.1 %
1,945 1,929
1,907
0.8 %
2.0 %
161
143
-
12.2 %
-
382
364
364
4.9 %
4.7 %
(608)
(579)
(432)
2,620 2,595
2,565
1.0 %
2.2 %
2,646 2,623
2,592
0.9 %
2.1 %
25.0 % 25.0 %
25.1 %
0.1 pt
(0.1 pt)
(26)
(28)
(28)
5.5 %
5.5 %
1,610 1,708
1,760
(5.8)%
(8.6)%
1,604 1,702
1,754
(5.8)%
(8.6)%
15.2 % 16.2 %
17.0 %
(1.0 pt)
(1.8 pt)
6
6
6
(7.0)%
(7.0)%
1,011
887
805
13.9 %
25.6 %

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 -
Appendix 3: economic CAPEX to investments in property, plant and intangible
investment
In millions of euros
1Q 2022
1Q 2021
historical
basis
eCAPEX
1,610
1,760
Elimination of proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
46
19
Telecommunication licenses
214
277
Financed assets
30
20
Investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
1,900
2,076
Appendix 4: key performance indicators
In thousand, at the end of the period
31 March
2022
31 March
2021
Number of convergent customers
11,551
11,365
Number of mobile accesses (excluding MVNOs) (1)
231,760
220,188
o/w Convergent customers mobile accesses
20,986
20,430
Mobile only accesses
210,774
199,758
o/w Contract customers mobile accesses
88,319
81,773
Prepaid customers mobile accesses
143,441
138,415
Number of fixed accesses (2)
46,201
47,101
Fixed Retail accesses
31,175
31,516
Fixed Broadband accesses
23,841
23,044
o/w
Very high-speed broadband fixed accesses
12,792
10,699
Convergent customers fixed accesses
11,551
11,365
Fixed accesses only
12,290
11,679
Fixed Narrowband accesses
7,334
8,472
Fixed Wholesale accesses
15,025
15,585
Group total accesses (1+2)
277,960
267,289 
2021 data is presented on a comparable basis.
Key performance indicators (KPI) by country are presented in the “Orange Investors Databook Q1
2022,” available on www.orange.com, under Finance/Results: www.orange.com/en/latest-
consolidated-results

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 -
Appendix 5: glossary
Key figures
Data on a comparable basis: data based on comparable accounting principles, scope of consolidation and exchange rates are presented
for previous periods. The transition from data on an historical basis to data on a comparable basis consists of keeping the results for the
period ended and then restating the results for the corresponding period of the preceding year for the purpose of presenting, over
comparable periods, financial data with comparable accounting principles, scope of consolidation and exchange rate. The method used
is to apply to the data of the corresponding period of the preceding year, the accounting principles and scope of consolidation for the
period just ended as well as the average exchange rate used for the income statement for the period ended.
Changes in data on a comparable basis reflect organic business changes. Data on a comparable basis is not a financial aggregate as
defined by IFRS and may not be comparable to similarly-named indicators used by other companies.
EBITDAaL or “EBITDA after Leases”: operating income (i) before depreciation and amortization of fixed assets, effects resulting from business
combinations, reclassification of cumulative translation adjustment from liquidated entities, impairment of goodwill and fixed assets, 
share of profits (losses) of associates and joint ventures, (ii) after interest on debts related to financed assets and on lease liabilities, and
(iii) adjusted for significant litigation, specific labor expenses, fixed assets, investments and businesses portfolio review, restructuring
programs costs, acquisition and integration costs and, where appropriate, other specific elements. EBITDAaL is not a financial
aggregate as defined by IFRS standards and may not be directly comparable to similarly-named indicators in other companies.
eCAPEX or “economic CAPEX”: (i) acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, excluding telecommunications
licenses and financed assets, (ii) less the price of disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. eCAPEX is not a
financial performance indicator as defined by IFRS standards and may not be directly comparable to indicators referenced by similarly-
named indicators in other companies.
Organic Cash Flow (telecoms activities): for the perimeter of the telecoms activities, net cash provided by operating activities, minus (i)
lease liabilities repayments and debts related to financed assets repayments, and (ii) purchases and sales of property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets, net of the change in the fixed assets payables, (iii) excluding effect of telecommunication licenses paid 
and significant litigations paid or received. Organic Cash Flow (telecoms activities) is not a financial aggregate defined by IFRS and may 
not be comparable to similarly-named indicators used by other companies.
Retail services (B2C + B2B): aggregation of revenues from (i) Convergent services, (ii) Mobile only services, (iii) Fixed only services and
(iv) IT & integration services (see definitions). Retail Services (B2C+B2B) revenues include all revenues of a given scope excludingrevenues
from wholesale services, equipment sales and other revenues (see definitions).
Performance indicators
Fixed retail accesses: number of fixed broadband accesses (xDSL (ADSL and VDSL), FTTx, cable, Fixed-4G (fLTE) and otherbroadband
accesses (satellite, Wimax and others)) and fixed narrowband accesses (mainly PSTN) and payphones.
Fixed wholesale accesses: number of fixed broadband and narrowband wholesale accesses operated by Orange.
Convergence
Convergent services: customer base and revenues from B2C Convergent retail offers, excluding equipment sales (see definition)
defined as an offer combining at least a broadband access (xDSL, FTTx, cable or Fixed-4G (fLTE) with cell-lock) and a mobile voice
contract (excluding MVNOs).
Convergent ARPO: average quarterly revenues per convergent offer (ARPO) calculated by dividing revenues from retail Convergent
services offers invoiced to B2C customers generated over the past three months (excluding IFRS 15 adjustments) by the weighted
average number of retail Convergent offers over the same period. ARPO is expressed by monthly revenues per convergent offer.
Mobile Only services
Mobile Only Services: revenues from mobile offers (mainly outgoing calls: voice, SMS and data) invoiced to retail customers, excluding
convergent services and equipment sales (see definitions). The customer base includes customers with a contract excluding retail
convergence, machine-to-machine contracts and prepaid cards.
Mobile Only ARPO: average quarterly revenues from Mobile Only (ARPO) calculated by dividing revenues from Mobile Only retail
services (excluding machine-to-machine and IFRS 15 adjustments) generated over the past three months by the weighted average of
Mobile Only customers (excluding machine-to-machine) over the same period. The ARPO is expressed as monthly revenues per Mobile
Only customer.
Fixed Only services
Fixed Only services: revenues from fixed retail offers, excluding B2C convergent offers and equipment sales (see definitions). It includes 
(i) fixed narrowband services (conventional fixed telephony), (ii) fixed broadband services, and (iii) business solutions and networks (with
the exception of France, for which essential business solutions and networks are supported by Enterprise). For the Enterprise segment,
fixed-only service revenues include sales of network equipment related to the operation of voice and data services. The customer base
consists of fixed narrowband and fixed broadband customers, excluding retail convergence customers.

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 -
Fixed Only Broadband ARPO: average quarterly revenues from Fixed Only Broadband (ARPO) calculated by dividing the revenue 
fromFixed Only Broadband retail services (excluding IFRS 15 adjustments) generated over the past three months by the weighted 
average of Fixed Only Broadband customers over the same period. ARPO is expressed as monthly revenues per Fixed Only 
Broadband customer.
IT & integration services
IT & Integration services: revenues from unified communication and collaboration services (Local Area Network and telephony,
advising, integration and project management), hosting and infrastructure services (including Cloud Computing), applications
services (customer relations management and other applications services), security services, video conferencing offers, machine-
to-machine services (excluded connectivity) as well as sales of equipment related to the above products and services.
Wholesale
Wholesale: revenues from other carriers consists of (i) mobile services to other carriers including incoming traffic, visitor roaming,
network sharing, national roaming and Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs), and (ii) fixed services to other carriers including
national networking, services to international carriers, high-speed and very high-speed broadband access (fibre access,
unbundling of telephone lines and xDSL access sales) and the sale of telephone lines on the wholesale market.
Equipment sales
Equipment sales: revenues from all mobile and fixed equipment sales, excluding (i) equipment sales associated with the supply of IT 
& Integration services, (ii) sales of network equipment related to the operation of voice and data services in the Enterprise operating
segment, and (iii) equipment sales to dealers and brokers.
Other revenues
Other revenues: revenues including (i) equipment sales to brokers and dealers, (ii) portal, (iii) on-line advertising revenues, (iv)
corporate transversal business line activities, and (v) other miscellaneous revenues.
2°) The following press release dated 12 May 2022 has been published by the Issuer:
Orange returns to the Sustainability Bond market with a new €500m transaction,
supporting its social and environmental commitments
On 11 May, Orange successfully launched and priced a Sustainability Bond issue for a total amount of
EUR 500 million to finance projects that fully reflect the Group’s ambitions in boththe green and
social fields. As of today, Orange has raised EUR 1bn of Sustainability Bonds in total, following the
inaugural EUR 500m transaction conducted in 2020.
As part of its strategic plan "Engage 2025", the Group has undertaken commitments towards digital
inclusion, social inclusion, and the fight against climate change. More specifically, Orange intends to
allocate a c.50% of the funds raised into digital and socialinclusion projects and c.50% of the funds to
energy efficiency and circular economy projects.
The bond issue consists of a total nominal of EUR 500 million, with a maturity of 10 yearsand an 
annual coupon of 2.375%.
This issue, which was more than 5 times oversubscribed, was met with great interest fromFrench and 
international ESG investors, allowing Orange to broaden its investor base and continue to proactively
manage its funding structure.
See below for the bond characteristics:
Currency
Format
Term
Notional
Coupon
Re-offer spread
EUR
Fixed rate
10 years
500 million
2.375%
m/s+ 60bps

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 -
WS0101.21640017.1
The proceeds of the Bonds will be managed according to Orange’s Sustainability Financing
Framework (September 2020) (Orange Sustainability Financing Framework - 2020 09) which highlights 
the Group’s intention to be an active player of sustainable finance and its broader commitment to
mobilise all of its stakeholders around this objective.
The Framework is aligned with ICMA’s 2018 Green Bond Principles (GBP), 2020 Social Bond 
Principles (SBP) and 2018 Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG). It also received a Second Party 
Opinion from Vigeo Eiris, a leading ESG rating agency, who delivered its highest level of assurance on
Orange’s commitments and on the contribution of the contemplated bonds to sustainability. The
projects selected and the allocation process will be overseen by Orange’s Sustainability Financing
Committee. Allocation of the proceeds will be annually audited and yearly update on the impacts of
investments until full allocationof the proceeds will be provided to investors.
The documentation related to this bond issuance is available on our website, under the “Debt and
Rating” section.
Barclays and Natixis are acting as Global Coordinators.
Goldman Sachs, HSBC, La Banque Postale, RBC are acting as Active Bookrunners.
About Orange
Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion euros in 2021 and 137,000 employees 
worldwide at 31 March 2022, including 76,000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 278 million
customers worldwide at 31 March 2022, including 232 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The
Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational
companies under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019, the Group presented its new "Engage 2025"
strategic plan, which, guided by social and environmental accountability, aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating 
in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model, the Group will be an attractive and responsible
employer, adapted to emerging professions.
Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).
For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com, www.orange-business.com or to follow us on
Twitter: @orangegrouppr.
Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand
Services Limited.
Press contacts:
Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com; +33 6 78 91 35 11
CAUTION: NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES
This press release, of a purely informative nature, is not and cannot in any way be construed as an offering to sell any securities, oras 
a solicitation of any offer to buy securities, in any jurisdiction, including the United States, Japan, Australia, Canada and the United 
Kingdom. The securities mentioned in this press release have not been and will not be registered pursuant to the US Securities Act 
of 1933, as modified. They cannot be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. No
public offer of these securities has been or will be made in the United States or elsewhere.

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 -
WS0101.21640017.1
3°) The following press release dated 17 May 2022 has been published by the Issuer:
Exceptional compensation of Stéphane Richard
In the context of Stéphane Richard's departure from the Orange group after twelve years asChairman 
and Chief Executive Officer of the Group, the Board of Directors had chosen to propose to the Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders on 19 May 2022 an exceptional gross compensation package of
475,000 euros for 2022, corresponding to approximately four months of his annual salary.
This decision was motivated by the overall level of Stéphane Richard's compensation package since 
2010, by the desire to compensate for the absence of any retirement plan and to underline the constant
commitment with which he accompanied the rigorous succession process. The Board also wanted to
recognize the consistent financial results and strategic performance obtained throughout his three
terms of office at the head of theGroup.
Stephane Richard would like to thank the Board of Directors for this intention. However, given the
incomprehension of certain shareholders who consider that this allocation doesnot comply with the
guiding principles that apply when considering the compensation of corporate mandate holders and 
that this should have been planned for and anticipated, Stéphane Richard has decided to waive this
exceptional compensation.
About Orange
Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion euros in 2021 and 137,000
employees worldwide at 31 March 2022, including 76,000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 278
million customers worldwide at 31 March 2022, including 232 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband
customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services
to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019, the Group presented its
new "Engage 2025" strategic plan, which, guided by socialand environmentalaccountability, aims toreinvent its operator model. 
While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model, the Group will be anattractiveand
responsible employer, adaptedtoemerging professions.
Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).
For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com, www.orange-business.com or tofollow us on Twitter:
@orangegrouppr.
Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand
Services Limited.
Press contacts:
Sylvain Bruno; sylvain.bruno@orange.com; +33 6 86 17 88 89
Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com; +33 6 78 91 35 11
4°) The following press release dated 19 May 2022 has been published by the Issuer:
Jacques Aschenbroich appointed Non-executive Chairman of Orange
The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM), which was chaired by Stéphane Richard earlier
today, voted in favor of the appointments of Jacques Aschenbroich and Valérie Beaulieu-James as
independent Directors for a period of four years. At a Board meeting held after the AGM, Jacques
Aschenbroich was then elected Non-executive Chairman of the Group's Board of Directors. In addition,

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 -
WS0101.21640017.1
the Board confirmed Christel Heydemann as Chief Executive Officer and Ramon Fernandez as Delegate
Chief ExecutiveOfficer.
During this meeting, Jacques Aschenbroich expressed his gratitude for the support of allOrange 
stakeholders. He also congratulated Valérie Beaulieu-James on her election as anew Board member, 
as well as Christel Heydemann on her renewal as Chief Executive Officer of Orange and Ramon
Fernandez as Delegate Chief Executive Officer.
Jacques Aschenbroich confirmed his commitment to working closely with all Board members in order to 
ensure that the Group’s new structure, with a separate Chairman andCEO, is exemplary in terms of
corporate governance. He also wished full success to the new management team. Finally, he thanked
Stéphane Richard, who today reached the end of his term as the Group’s Chairman, for his 
commitment at the head of Orange for the past twelve years.
The other resolutions presented were approved by the shareholders. The results of thevotes are
available at https://www.orange.com/en/shareholders-meeting.
The proposed ex-ante compensation policy for 2022 was given limited approval by shareholders with
only 50.55% of votes. Diverse criticisms were expressed by the differentinvestors leading to many of
them abstaining or voting against the bundle resolution proposed on this issue this year.
Following the Annual General Meeting, the Board of Directors noted the unusually low levelof support of 
the Group’s ex-ante compensation policy and reviewed the different types ofcriticism leveled against
it. The Board also noted the decision by Stéphane Richard and announced on Tuesday 17 May to
waive the exceptional compensation that the Board hadproposed for 2022.
As a result, the Board has made a commitment to presenting separate resolutions next yearfor the
compensation policies of each corporate officer. It also asked the Governance and Corporate Social &
Environmental Responsibility Committee to inform it of any proposition that could further improve the
dialogue between the company and its shareholders.
Finally, following these changes to the Group’s governance, the new Board of Directors hasa 63.63%
independence rate within the meaning of the France Afep-Medef code. In terms of gender balance, the
Board’s female representation rate is 45% in accordance with the
applicable legal provisions (i.e. excluding the three employee Directors and the Director
representing employee shareholders).
Biography ofJacques Aschenbroich
Jacques Aschenbroich is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Orange and Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Valeo. Prior to this he was the Chief Executive Officer of the Valeo Group from March 2009 to February 2016, then
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer until January 2022. His extensive experience has been gained in senior roles in 
major industrial groups, in France and internationally, and also in senior roles in the French public administration.
Prior to joining Valeo, having graduated as an engineer from the Corps des Mines, he held a number of roles in the
French public administration and served in the Prime Minister’s office in 1987 and 1988. He then pursued his career 
at the Saint-Gobain group between 1988 and 2008. After heading the group’s businesses in Brazil andGermany, 
he became Managing Director of the Compagnie de Saint-Gobain’s Flat Glass division (Saint-Gobain Vitrage) of
which he became Chairman in 1996. Then, as Senior Vice President of the Compagnie de Saint-Gobain from October 
2001 to December 2008, he managed the flat glass and high-performance materials sectors from January 2007 and, 
as the Vice-Chairman of Saint-Gobain Corporation and General Delegate to the United States and Canada, he led the

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 -
WS0101.21640017.1
company’s US operations from 1 September 2007.
Jacques Aschenbroich is a former Board member of Veolia Environnement and is currently a Board member of BNP 
Paribas and of TotalEnergies. He is also the Chairman of the Board of the Ecole Nationale Supérieure Mines
ParisTech and Co-President of the Franco-Japanese Business Club.
Photos are available from the Orange Group photo bank, here.
Biography of Valérie Beaulieu-James
Valérie Beaulieu-James, born in 1967, has been Executive Director in charge of sales and marketing of the Adecco 
group since November 16, 2020. Valérie Beaulieu began her career as a journalist at Radio France andthe French
daily newspaper Ouest France. She was Director of Marketing at ECS-Allium from 1991 to 1996.
Valérie Beaulieu-James then joined Microsoft where she held various management positions in marketing and sales 
in North America, Asia and Europe for more than 20 years. Since 1996, she has notably assumed the functions of
COO and CMO of the Advertising activity, of General Manager of Asia-Pacific for partners and smalland medium-
sized enterprises; and finally, from October 2018 to October 2020, of Marketing Director of Microsoft US. Since 
January 2015, Valérie Beaulieu-James has been a Foreign Trade Advisor for France. She has also been a Director
and member of the Audit and Risk Committee of ISS A/S since April 2020. Since May 19, 2022, she is Director and
Board member at Orange. Valerie Beaulieu-James holds a master’s degree in English from the University of
Haute-Bretagne and a degree in international business from the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of La Réunion.
About Orange
Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion euros in 2021 and 137,000
employees worldwide at 31 March 2022, including 76,000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 278
million customers worldwide at 31 March 2022, including 232 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers.
The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to
multinational companies under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019, the Group presented its new "Engage
2025" strategic plan, which, guided by social and environmental accountability, aims to reinvent its operator model. While
accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model, the Group will be an attractive and
responsible employer, adapted to emerging professions.
Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).
For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com, www.orange-business.com or to follow us on Twitter:
@orangegrouppr.
Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand
Services Limited.
Press contacts:
Tom Wright ; tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11
Sylvain Bruno ; sylvain.bruno@orange.com ; +33 6 86 17 88 89
5°) The following press release dated 24 May 2022 has been published by the Issuer:
Evolution of the Executive Committee to accelerate the development of the B2B
and Africa & Middle East markets
Christel Heydemann, CEO of Orange, has decided to renew part of her management team with a view to 
accelerating the transformation and development of the key B2B and Africa and Middle East markets.
The following changes will be implemented:

Aliette Mousnier-Lompré is appointed Chief Executive Officer of Orange Business Services. This 
appointment follows the departure of Helmut Reisinger in January 2022 and the interim period

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 -
WS0101.21640017.1
overseen with considerable commitment by Aliette. She will join the Group’s Executive Committee. 
Operating in a rapidly changing sector impacted by pandemic, Aliette will take on responsibility for the 
transformation of Orange Business Services to provide enterprise customers with a fully integrated
value proposition and to better support them in their digital transformation. Thisappointment has
immediate effect.

Jérôme Hénique is appointed Chief Executive Officer of Orange Middle East and Africa (OMEA). He
is currently Director of Operations and Deputy CEO of the Group’sregional subsidiary present in 18
countries in Africa and the Middle East. He will take over the management of the subsidiary from
Alioune Ndiaye who wishes to concentrate on his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Alioune 
Ndiaye will remain Non-executive Chairman of OMEA and will continue to play an active role in the
governance of the entity. The Africa and Middle East region is currently one of the Group’s major
growth engines. Numerous challenges lie ahead in the build-out ofnetworks, in financial services and
in the development of other new digital services. Jérôme Hénique will join the Group’s Executive
Committee. This appointment will take effect from 1 July.
The other members of the Executive Committee all remain in their current roles.
Christel Heydemann, CEO of Orange, said: “The changes announced today reflect the priorities for the 
next few months on which we must now accelerate. The B2B sector, as well as the Africa and Middle East
segment, are two key markets for Orange. The successfultransformation and development of our operations
in these sectors will enable us to ensure sustainable growth going forward. I would also like to thank 
Alioune for his hard work, hisachievements and his constant commitment as Chairman & CEO of Orange
Middle East & Africa. I am happy to be able to continue to count on his contribution as Chairman.”
About Orange
Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion euros in 
2021 and 137,000 employees worldwide at 31 March 2022, including 76,000 employees in France.
The Group has a total customer base of 278 million customers worldwide at 31 March 2022, including
232 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26
countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to
multinational companies under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019, the Group
presented its new "Engage 2025" strategic plan, which, guided by social and environmental
accountability, aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing
data and AI at the heart of its innovation model, the Group will be an attractive and responsible
employer, adapted to emerging professions.
Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).
For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com, www.orange-
business.com or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.
Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange
or Orange BrandServices Limited.
Press contacts:
Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com; +33 6 78 91 35 11
Sylvain Bruno; sylvain.bruno@orange.com; +33 6 86 17 88 89

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 -
WS0101.21640017.1
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
AMF approval and admission to trading
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes.
This Base Prospectus is valid until 8 June 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market. In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, a request may be made for the notification of a certificate of approval to any competent 
authority of any Member State of the EEA, in order for Notes issued hereunder to be listed and 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market.
2.
Corporate authorisations
Orange has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in 
connection with the update of the Programme.
Any issue of Notes, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation 
of the board of directors of the Issuer, which may delegate its powers to any of its members including 
its chairman and chief executive officer.
For this purpose, on 25 October 2021 the board of directors of Orange authorised the Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Executive Officer Delegate, Finance, Performance & 
Developpement, each acting separately, for a one (1) year period starting on 25 October 2021, to issue 
Notes within the limits set by the board of directors.
3.
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Orange is 969500MCOONR8990S771.
4.
Definitive Bearer Materialised Note
Each definitive Bearer Materialised Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code".
5.
Clearing systems
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems, which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system 
for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 -
WS0101.21640017.1
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg.
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the 
Issuer or with the registration agent.
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.
6.
Post issuance information
In respect of securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying referred 
to in Article 20 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as amended, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance information concerning the 
underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, the Final Terms will specify what 
information will be reported and where such information can be obtained. 
7.
Category
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes are 
issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or (ii) such 
Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will 
be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.
8.
No significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position
or financial performance of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 March 2022.
9.
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2021.
10.
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no other significant development in the 
Group’s governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability during the period 
of 12 months immediately preceding the date of this Base Prospectus.
11.
Agreement relating to change of control
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge no agreement currently exists that could result in a change of 
control in the future.

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 -
WS0101.21640017.1
12.
Material Contracts
To the best of its knowledge, Orange has not entered into any material contract which could result in 
any Group member being under an obligation that is material to Orange's ability to meet its obligations 
to Noteholders in respect of Notes issued under the Programme.
13.
Conflict of interest
To the Issuer’s knowledge and as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no potential conflict of 
interest between the duties of the directors with regard to Orange and their private interests or other 
duties.
14.
Statutory auditors
Ernst & Young Audit and KPMG S.A. have audited in accordance with French GAAS the consolidated 
financial statements of financial position of the Issuer as of 31 December 2020. Deloitte & Associés 
and KPMG S.A. have audited in accordance with French GAAS the consolidated financial statements 
of financial position of the Issuer as of 31 December 2021. Deloitte & Associés has been appointed as 
statutory auditor of the Issuer in replacement of Ernst & Young Audit on 18 May 2021. Deloitte & 
Associés, Ernst & Young Audit and KPMG S.A. belong to the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles.
15.
Rating
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Baa1 (senior 
unsecured) / Baa3 (junior subordinated) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's") and 
BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated (i) for its long-term debt, BBB+ (stable 
outlook) by S&P, Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch and (ii) for its 
short-term debt, A2 by S&P, P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch.
16.
Yield
In respect of any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the expected yield on the Notes shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield shall be calculated on the Issue Date of the Notes 
based on the Issue Price. The specified yield shall be calculated as being the yield to maturity on the 
Issue Date of the Notes and shall not be an indication of future yields.
17.
Documents on display
For so long as Notes may be issued under the Programme, the following documents will be available, 
free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), 
at the registered office of Orange and the documents listed at (a), (b), (c) and (e) below will also be 
available on the Issuer's website (www.orange.com): 
(a)
the statuts ("bylaws") of Orange; 
(b)
a copy of the Base Prospectus together with any supplement to the Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference therein;

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 -
WS0101.21640017.1
(c)
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any 
Regulated Market in the EEA;
(d)
the Agency Agreement; and
(e)
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.
In addition, the following documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org):
(a)
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris; 
(b)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference therein.
18.
Forward looking statements
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements 
that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's and the Group's business 
strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in the business, competitive advantage, 
technological and regulatory changes and information on exchange rate risk. Forward-looking 
statements generally include all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words 
"believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. The Issuer may 
also make forward-looking statements in its audited annual financial statements, in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in press releases and other written materials and in 
oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Such forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual 
results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 
Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which 
speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or 
estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended.
19.
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.
20.
Currencies
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"U.S. dollar" and "$" are to the currency of the United States of America, references to "yen" are to the 
currency of Japan, references to "Sterling" and "£" are to the currency of the United Kingdom,

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 -
WS0101.21640017.1
references to "Renminbi" or "RMB" are to the currency of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and 
references to "€" and "Euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European Union.
21.
Benchmark
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" 
for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation or UK BMR. In this case, a statement will be included 
in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation or in the 
FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be.
22.
Potential conflict of interests
Certain Dealers or their respective affiliates or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent have and/or may in 
the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and 
commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of 
the Group and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
out of which conflicting interests may arise. Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer 
and one or several Dealers, it cannot be excluded that all or part of the proceeds of any issue of Notes 
be used to repay or reimburse all or part of such loans. The Dealers and their affiliates or the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire.
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes 
and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that 
such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the 
Subordinated Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 -
WS0101.21640017.1
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS
The Issuer confirms that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is, to the 
best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and that it contains no omission likely to affect its import.
Orange
111, quai du Président Roosevelt
92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux
France
duly represented by 
Ramon FERNANDEZ
Chief Executive Officer Delegate
Finance, Performance & Development
on 8 June 2022
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended.
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 8 June 2022 and is valid until 8 June 2023 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°22-199.

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 -
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1
ISSUER
ORANGE
111, quai du Président Roosevelt
92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux
France
PERMANENT DEALERS
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
DO2RF29
Ireland
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris 
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank
12, place des Etats-Unis
CS70052
92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt/Main
Germany
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris 
France
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
Natixis
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France
75013 Paris 
France
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
Amsterdam 1082 MD
Netherlands
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
ARRANGERS
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris 
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris 
France
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, 
CALCULATION AGENT, 
REDENOMINATION AGENT AND 
CONSOLIDATION AGENT
Société Générale
32 rue du Champ de Tir
CS 30812
44308 Nantes Cedex 3
France
MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT
Aether Financial Services
36 rue de Monceau
75008 Paris
France

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 -
WS0101.21436313.3WS0101.21476090.3WS0101.21640017.1
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer
Deloitte & Associés
6, place de la Pyramide
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex
France
KPMG SA
Tour Eqho
2 avenue Gambetta
92066 Paris La Défense
France
LEGAL ADVISER
to the Dealers
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I.
15, rue de Laborde
75008 Paris
France