--- Page 1 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of 41 
 
Important notice 
This Base Prospectus prepared according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, is valid for a period of up 
to 12 months following its approval by the Norwegian FSA. This Base Prospectus was approved by 
the Norwegian FSA on 7th September 2023. The prospectus for issuance of new bonds or other 
securities may for a period of up to 12 months from the date of the approval consist of this Base 
Prospectus and a Final Term to each issue.   
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in chapter 1 Risk factors, and 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability 
of an investment in bonds, including any legal requirements, exchange control regulations and tax 
consequences within the country of residence and domicile for the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of bonds relevant to such prospective investor. 
The manager and/or affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market 
maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus 
and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. The managers corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for 
this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known. Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or 
into or made available in the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or 
into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being 
made or will be made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example 
in Canada, Japan, Australia and in the United Kingdom. Verification and approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the Norwegian FSA implies that the Base Prospectus may be used in any EEA country. 
No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where such action is required, and any information contained herein or in any other sales 
document relating to bonds does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation 
is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
The content of the Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential 
investors should seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, the Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute 
regarding the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of 41 
 
Table of Contents: 
 
 
1. Risk factors  .................................................................................................................... 4 
2. Persons responsible ......................................................................................................... 9 
3. Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 10 
4. Statutory auditors .......................................................................................................... 11 
5. Information about the Issuer ........................................................................................... 12 
6. Business overview  ......................................................................................................... 13 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies .......................................................... 12 
8. Major shareholders ......................................................................................................... 23 
9. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position and profits 
and losses ......................................................................................................................... 24 
10. Documents on display ................................................................................................... 28 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base Prospectus ................................... 29 
12. Cross reference list ....................................................................................................... 40 
13. Appendix ..................................................................................................................... 41

--- Page 4 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 4 of 41 
 
1. Risk factors  
 
Investing in bonds issued by Orkla ASA involves inherent risks. Prospective investors should carefully 
consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus before making an 
investment decision.  
 
A prospective investor should carefully consider all the risks related to the Company and should 
consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in bonds issued by the 
Company. An investment in bonds entails significant risks and is suitable only for investors who 
understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can afford a loss of all 
or part of the investment. Against this background, an investor should thus make a careful 
assessment of the Company, its creditworthiness and its prospects before deciding to invest, 
including its current and future tax position. The risk factors for Orkla ASA and the Group are deemed 
to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus unless otherwise stated. 
 
The Company believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in bonds issued by the Company. It applies for all risk factors that, if materialized, and 
depending on the circumstances, may have an adverse effect on the Company and which may reduce 
anticipated revenue and profitability, ultimately resulting in a potential insolvency situation.    
 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE COMPANY 
Financial Risk  
Orkla operates internationally and is exposed to financial risks such as currency risk, interest rate 
risk, commodity price risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. 
As NOK is the presentation currency for the Group, Orkla is exposed to currency translation risk on 
net investments in foreign entities. The most significant currency risk results from purchasing in EUR 
by the Norwegian and the Swedish entities. Orkla’s interest rate risk is mainly related to the Group’s 
debt portfolio. The Group’s policy is that interest costs should mainly follow the general trend in the 
money market.  
Liquidity risk is the risk that Orkla is not able to meet its payment obligations. Orkla’s policy with 
regard to its funding activity is to maintain unutilised, long-term, committed credit facilities which 
together with available liquid deposits are sufficient to cover loans that fall due and known capital 
needs over the next 12 months, as well as a strategic reserve. This means that Orkla’s credit facilities 
are normally refinanced one year before maturity and that short-term interest-bearing debt is at all 
times covered by unutilised long-term credit facilities. However, there is no guarantee that the Group 
will in the future have sufficient amounts available to meet claims of creditors, including the 
bondholders. 
 
 
The Nordic grocery trade markets are characterised by relatively few, but large, participants, 
resulting in a certain concentration of the credit risk exposure towards individual counterparties. 
Orkla's credit risk related to financial instruments arises from financial hedging transactions, money 
market deposits, and bank accounts. The maximum credit risk exposure for the Group related to 
financial instruments corresponds to total gross receivables. In the hypothetical, unlikely event that 
no receivables are recovered, this amounts to:

--- Page 5 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 5 of 41 
 
  
The Group is exposed to price risks in respect of a number of raw materials, in particular agricultural 
products. However, the prices of sold products are also affected by raw material prices, and it is 
generally Orkla’s policy to reduce the price risk through commercial contracts. In 2022, the 
combination of war, drought in Europe and flooding in Pakistan affected the availability and prices of 
several agricultural crops which are of high importance to Orkla and interrupted ongoing initiatives 
to achieve sustainable raw material production. The war in Ukraine has reduced availability of key 
food commodities, delayed certain improvement projects and made it necessary to reprioritise 
resources. High inflation has also made it difficult for many consumers to pay a higher price for 
products made with certified raw materials or other benefits related to health, environment and 
responsible production. As a result, growth in sales of products with sustainability-related benefits 
has been lower than targeted. A substantial decrease in the availability or increase in the cost of raw 
materials could materially and adversely impact Orkla's business and results of operations. 
 
Market Risk 
There is high customer concentration in Orkla’s main geographical markets and the proportion of the 
retail trade’s private labels is growing in some categories. In 2022, prices of key inputs and raw 
materials increased. To maintain volumes and ensure profitability, it is important to engage in close 
dialogue with customers, build long-term relationships, establish campaigns that have value for both 
Orkla and its customers, and focus continuously on strengthening the position and consumer 
perception of Orkla products. The failure of such initiatives may negatively affect Orkla’s profitability. 
Changing customer preferences and trends pose a risk if Orkla fails to keep close track of 
developments and make necessary adjustments. Growing inflation and higher interest rates in 
Europe, entailing a risk of weaker purchasing power, affects consumer behaviour. There is also a risk 
of changes in consumer preferences with regard to health, nutrition and sustainability. To mitigate 
this risk, Orkla emphasises the importance of good consumer insight, experience-sharing and 
consumer testing, as well as close collaboration with customers. There is continuous focus on trends 
in Orkla’s innovation work and product launches. 
 
Operational Risk 
IT threats are more and more serious and occur in every part of the value chain, and in 2022 the 
frequency of attacks on production companies has risen. Orkla is increasingly dependent on IT 
systems and the proper handling of information. The primary risk-mitigating measures include 
emergency preparedness plans, employee training and awareness-raising, mapping of the group’s 
IT infrastructure and updating of older IT infrastructure. A cyber attack could be detrimental to 
Orkla’s operations in a number of areas, such as reputation, sales and production, and cause the loss 
of intangible assets as well as negatively affect revenue and profitability. 
Inadequate food safety can potentially have major consequences for consumers, and the possibility 
of significant amendments in legislation related to the regulation of the content of food products 
could have consequences for Orkla. Orkla’s central food safety team focuses continuously on 
improvement processes and audits of Orkla factories, carries out supplier audits, and keeps close 
track of potential new regulations. Climate changes can cause floods, earthquakes and other natural

--- Page 6 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 6 of 41 
 
disasters. Orkla makes assessments of both new and existing factory locations to determine how 
exposed they are to natural disasters. There is an inherent risk of fire, occupational accidents and 
other serious incidents in Orkla’s production environments. Occupational safety is monitored through 
routine audits, and sickness absence is measured and followed up. Webinars and e-learning courses 
are also held on important topics. If any of these events occur, it may have a material adverse effect 
on the business of the Group. 
 
Risk related to acquisition-driven growth 
Orkla is continuously assessing acquisition opportunities and has a long M&A track record. The 
Company has established comprehensive processes with respect to pre-transaction due diligence, 
using internal expertise as well as external advisors. Further, post-transaction integration of acquired 
companies into the Orkla Group is carried out in a structured process, using resources from Group 
Functions and the relevant acquiring entity. However, there is a risk that an acquired business will 
be less profitable than expected and dilute the overall profitability of the Orkla Group. 
 
Capital Structure  
Orkla has targeted a maximum leverage of 2,5 times EBITDA. This allows for some increased debt 
compared to current level (2.3 x EBITDA per 30.06.2023).  
Orkla has a dividend policy which aims at increasing the dividend over time, with a pay-out ratio 
normally within 50-70% of Earnings Per Share. Orkla has also occasionally carried out share buy-
backs.  
Increased leverage and continued dividend pay-outs in line with policy would increase the financial 
risk as a larger share of cash flow would be applied towards debt service. 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE BONDS 
Interest rate risk on floating rate bonds 
For Orklas bonds issued with floating interest rate it is a risk due to the variability of the applicable 
Reference rate. The coupon payments, which depend on the Reference rate and the Margin, will vary 
in accordance with the variability of the Reference rate. The primary price risk for a floating rate 
bond issue will be related to the market view in which the Issuer operates, the branded consumer 
goods and services segment, and of the correct trading level for the credit spread related to the 
specific bond issue at a certain time during the tenor, compared with the credit margin the bond 
issue is carrying. A possible increase in the credit spread trading level relative to the coupon defined 
credit margin may relate to general changes in the market conditions and/or specific circumstances 
for Orkla. However, under normal market circumstances the anticipated tradable credit spread will 
fall as the duration of the bond issue becomes shorter. In general, the price of bonds will fall when 
the credit spread in the market increases, and conversely the bond price will increase when the 
market spread decreases. 
Discussions are taking place regarding interest rate benchmarks. Any changes to such benchmarks 
may affect the value or payment of interest under the Bonds. In general, the European Union 
Benchmarks Regulation could have an impact on any Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the “benchmark”.

--- Page 7 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 7 of 41 
 
The Bond Terms contains a clause/definition about what would replace the Reference Rates to ensure 
that this will be at market terms.  
 
Interest rate risk on fixed rate bonds 
Orkla has also issued bonds with fixed interest rate. Changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of a Bondholder’s investment. If the Bonds have been established at a fixed interest 
rate the coupon does not vary with changes in interest rate levels. However, investment in bonds 
bearing interest at a fixed rate may adversely affect the value of the Bonds following subsequent 
changes in underlying market interest rates.  
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that the Issuer fails to make the required payments under the bonds (either 
principal or interest). The ability of the Issuer to make the required payments under the bonds will 
depend on the Issuer’s future financial performance. If Orkla in the future does not have sufficient 
amounts available to meet the claims of its bondholders, this may result in a potential insolvency 
situation for the Issuer and a loss of all or part of the bondholder’s investment. 
 
Market risk 
There is a risk that the value of the Bonds will decrease due to the change in market conditions for 
the Issuer as an industrial investment company. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in 
accordance with the interest rate and credit markets in general, the market view of the credit risk of 
that particular bond issue, and the liquidity of this bond issue in the market. In spite of an underlying 
positive development in the Issuer’s business activities, the price of a bond may fall independent of 
this fact. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor and a floating rate coupon rate do however in 
general carry a lower price risk compared to bonds with a longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon 
rate. 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a party interested in trading bonds in the Bond Issue cannot do it because 
nobody in the market wants to trade the bonds. The liquidity depends on among other the investors’ 
interest in the bond market in general and particularly in the Issuer as an industrial investment 
company with a brands and consumer oriented scope. Missing demand of the bonds may incur a loss 
on the bondholder. 
 
Security 
Orkla has only issued unsecured bonds, but it may issue both secured and unsecured Bonds. The 
level of any security will be described in the applicable Final Terms. The secured bondholders of the 
Issuer will have priority over the assets securing their debt. There is therefore a risk that secured 
bondholders may enforce their security against the interests of the bondholders in unsecured bonds, 
and without consulting them. Any assets remaining after repayment of the Issuer’s secured debt 
may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing under unsecured bonds. In general, unsecured 
bonds carry a higher risk than secured bonds.    
 
Green Bonds 
The Issuer may issue so called “Green Bonds”.  If the Issue is a green bond issue, the net proceeds 
shall be used in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Bonds Framework. In the respect of the bonds 
issued as “Green Bonds” there can be no assurance that the relevant use of proceeds will be suitable

--- Page 8 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 8 of 41 
 
for the investment criteria of an investor. There are reservations as to whether this will meet each 
individual investor’s investment criteria.

--- Page 9 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 9 of 41 
 
2. Persons responsible  
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
Responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Orkla ASA  
Drammensveien 149 
0277 Oslo 
Norway 
P.O. Box 423 Skøyen 
0213 Oslo 
Norway 
 
DECLARATION BY THE RESPONSIBLE 
Orkla ASA confirms that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
 
 
 
07.09.2023 
 
 
Orkla ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
This Base Prospectus, drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(the “Norwegian FSA”) (Finanstilsynet), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 10 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 10 of 41 
 
3. Definitions 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus dated 07.09.2023. 
 
Company / Issuer  
 
-  
Orkla ASA.  
 
EBITDA  
 
 
- 
Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and  
 
 
 
 
 
Amortization. 
 
EUR 
 
 
 
- 
Euro. 
 
Final Terms  
 
 
- 
Document to be prepared for each new issue or tap of bonds. 
 
The Group / Orkla 
 
-  
The Company and its subsidiaries.  
 
M&A 
 
 
 
- 
Mergers and acquisitions. 
 
NOK 
 
 
 
- 
Norwegian kroner. 
 
Prospectus 
 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus together with the applicable Final  
 
 
 
 
Terms. 
 
TWh 
 
 
 
- 
Terrawatt hours.

--- Page 11 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 11 of 41 
 
4. Statutory auditors 
The Company’s auditor for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been Ernst & Young AS. 
 
Ernst & Young AS contact information: Dronning Eufemias gate 6A, 0191 Oslo.  
 
Ernst & Young AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Certified Public Accountants (Nw: Den 
norske Revisorfreningen).

--- Page 12 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 12 of 41 
 
5. Information about the Issuer 
Orkla ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized under the laws of Norway, 
including the Public Limited Companies Act. The legal name of the Company is Orkla ASA and the 
commercial name is Orkla. The Company was founded in 1918, incorporated in Norway and 
registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry 12 March 1995 with registration number 910 747 
711 its LEI-code is 549300PZS8G8RG6RVZ52. The head office and registered office of Orkla ASA is 
Drammensveien 149, 0277 Oslo, Norway. The mailing address of the Company is P.O. Box 423 
Skøyen, 0213 Oslo, Norway and the telephone number is +47 22 54 40 00.     
Website: www.orkla.com1 
  
 
Orkla’s new operating model was implemented on 1 March 2023. The core of this process was 
primarily the establishment of twelve portfolio companies, each with its own Board of Directors. The 
goal is to increase value creation by expanding entrepreneurship and independence, shortening 
decision-making processes and facilitating structural changes. Orkla’s capital allocation policy is 
unchanged. The first priority is to maintain an attractive and predictable dividend policy. The second 
priority is value accretive M&A and organic investments in strengthening the future Orkla, and the 
third priority is to return excess capital to shareholders. The companies will still retain a foothold in 
Orkla ASA, the parent company in the Orkla Group, where there will be an investment team and 
centres of excellence in sales, marketing, innovation, and sustainability. Business service companies 
for procurement, sales and IT will preserve synergies.  
 
At the end of 2022, the Group had 20,471 employees. Of these, 3,143 worked in Norway, 6,018 in 
other Nordic countries and 11,310 in countries outside the Nordic region. 
 
 
Orkla has an official rating from Scope Ratings GmbH: Long-term rating (outlook) A-/Stable. The 
rating report from Scope Ratings GmbH can be found here: 
 
https://s29.q4cdn.com/711870714/files/doc_downloads/debt/credit_ratings/2023/Scope-
Ratings_Orkla-ASA-Rating-Report_2023-Jan.pdf1  
 
Orkla’s objectives, as deﬁned in Article 2 of its Articles of Association, are as follows: The company’s 
activities consist of owning, operating, investing and trading in industry, real estate, commerce and 
consumer-related activities, services, securities and any other activity connected with the 
aforementioned activities. The activities are conducted by the company itself or by its subsidiaries, 
and by investing in or in collaboration with other enterprises, in both cases in Norway and/or abroad. 
 
Information on the largest transactions that Orkla has carried out in the past few years can be found 
at: https://investors.orkla.com/English/why-invest/mergers-and-acquisitions/default.aspx1 
 
 
1 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 13 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 13 of 41 
 
6. Business overview  
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Orkla ASA has been transformed into an industrial investment company. Its scope of activity is brands 
and consumer-oriented companies. By establishing autonomous portfolio companies, with their own 
company boards, Orkla will ensure greater structural flexibility in the future. The goal is to improve 
long-term value creation. At present, Orkla has 12 portfolio companies: Jotun (42.7% interest), Orkla 
Foods Europe, Orkla Food Ingredients, Orkla Confectionery & Snacks, Orkla Health, Orkla Home and 
Personal Care, Orkla India, Pizza Out of Home, Orkla House Care, Health and Sports Nutrition Group, 
Pierre Robert Group and Lilleborg.  
The Hydro Power business and the real estate investments in Orkla Eiendom are organised under 
Financial Investments, and three business service companies have been established to ensure that 
Orkla continues to realise key synergies. 
 
 
Orkla’s corporate structure 
 
 
THE PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 
 
Jotun 
Jotun is a global manufacturer of paint and powder coatings. Jotun’s worldwide activities consist of 
the development, production, marketing and sale of a variety of paint systems, and are organised in 
the four segments Decorative Paints, Marine Coatings, Protective Coatings and Powder Coatings. 
Jotun is represented in over 100 countries. The company’s main markets are the Middle East, India, 
Africa, Northeast Asia, Southeast Asia and Scandinavia. 
Orkla ASA has a 42.7 per cent ownership interest in Jotun. 
 
 
Orkla Foods Europe 
The companies in Orkla Foods Europe offer local branded products to consumers in the Nordics, 
Baltics and Central Europe. Its portfolio includes several categories, such as frozen pizza, ketchup, 
soups, sauces, bread toppings and ready-to-eat meals. Plant-based and sustainable products from 
the NATURLI’® and Anamma brands account for a steadily growing percentage of our turnover. The

--- Page 14 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 14 of 41 
 
products are primarily sold through the grocery channel, but also through the Out of Home, 
convenience stores and petrol stations. 
Brands in the portfolio include Grandiosa, TORO, Stabburet, Fun Light, Felix, Paulúns, Abba, Kalles, 
Beauvais, Den Gamle Fabrik, Hamé and Vitana. 
 
Orkla Confectionery & Snacks 
Orkla Confectionery & Snacks operates in the confectionery, biscuits and snacks categories in the 
Nordics and Baltics. Norway is its single largest market. Its many brands include KiMs, Nidar, Stratos, 
Sætre, Göteborgs Kex, OLW, Panda, Laima, Selga, Taffel, Kalev and Nói Síríus. 
 
Orkla Food Ingredients 
Orkla Food Ingredients is a supplier of bakery and ice cream ingredients in the Nordics, selected 
European countries and the USA. Orkla Food Ingredients manufactures, sells and distributes 
ingredients and products to the bakery and ice cream markets, as well as products in plant-based 
categories, in 23 countries. Around 55 per cent of sales are made through the Out of Home channel, 
and around 25 per cent are direct-to-consumer sales under brands such as Odense, Mors 
Hjemmebakte, KronJäst, Bakkedal and NATURLI’®. The remaining 20 per cent are sales to industrial 
producers 
which 
chiefly 
manufacture 
and 
supply 
goods 
to 
the 
grocery 
channel. 
 
Orkla Health 
Orkla Health is a Nordic branded consumer health company with international niche positions within 
food supplements, oral care, wound care and functional personal Care. It also includes the companies 
NutraQ and Healthspan. The company has a commercial presence in the Nordics, Baltics and Poland, 
but is also represented in several other countries with distribution in over 60 markets. Orkla Health 
has several brands, such as Möller’s, Jordan, Vitalab, OSL, Cederroth First Aid, Salvequick, Livol, 
Nutrilett, Maxim, Collett, Solidox, and CuraMed. 
 
 
Orkla Home and Personal Care 
Orkla Home & Personal Care is a supplier of cleaning and personal care products operating in the 
Nordics. This long-established company has developed cleaning and personal hygiene products for 
several generations of consumers. Its roots date back to Lilleborg’s factory on the Aker River in 1833. 
The company’s brands include Zalo, OMO, Blenda, Jif, Define, Solidox, Jordan, Dr Greve, Lano and 
Bliw. Many of them are over 80 years old, while others are newcomers. 
The products are primarily sold through the grocery trade, but to some extent also through 
specialised retailers and pharmacies. 
Orkla Home & Personal Care has systematically had focus on brand-building and has succeeded in 
developing products that have been well received by Norwegian consumers. The position many of its 
brands hold today can largely be credited to innovation, based on good consumer understanding. 
 
 
 
Orkla India 
Orkla India consists of the companies MTR Foods and Eastern Condiments. Orkla India’s brands are 
within its home markets of Kerala and Karnataka, as well as in Andhra Pradesh. In addition, a large 
share of sales are export sales. The largest categories are ready-to-eat meals, spices, snacks, 
beverages and rice. 
 
 
Pizza Out of Home 
Orkla operates in the pizza franchise chains in Europe, with a network of 860 franchise outlets in 
Finland, Benelux, Germany and Poland. The portfolio comprises of brands such as Kotipizza, New

--- Page 15 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 15 of 41 
 
York Pizza and Da Grasso. 
 
 
Orkla House Care 
Orkla House Care comprises Jordan, Anza, Hamilton, Spekter, SAM and Harris, brands that offer 
painting tools and accessories to both DIYers and professional painters alike. The Nordic region, 
Benelux and the UK are its home markets, but the products can be found in a number of other 
countries as well. 
 
 
Health and Sports Nutrition Group 
Health and Sports Nutrition Group (HSNG) runs the Gymgrossisten, Proteinfabrikken, Bodystore and 
Fitnessmarket e-commerce portals, and is an e-commerce operator in the Nordic region in health 
and sports nutrition. 
 
 
Pierre Robert Group 
Pierre Robert Group is a supplier of basic and wool garments for men, women and children. The 
majority of the materials used are environmentally certified, and most of the clothing is made of 
Nordic Swan eco-labelled wool, organic cotton or recycled synthetic materials. 
Pierre Robert was established in 1956 as a cosmetics brand, but was acquired by LaMote AS and 
relaunched as an underwear brand under Pierre Robert Group in 2006. 
The company also owns the LaMote, Norlyn, Black House and Finnwear brands. 
Pierre Robert Group products are widely distributed through grocery stores and selected retailers in 
Norway and Finland, as well as online stores in Norway, Sweden and Finland.  
 
Lilleborg 
Lilleborg develops and sells hygiene and cleaning systems to the professional market. 
The company has a long history as a full-range supplier of hygiene and cleaning systems for the 
professional market. The operations cover every stage of the value chain, including product 
development and production. Through its work, the company has acquired in-depth, broad-based 
specialised expertise in areas such as food hygiene, facility and service management, 
chemistry/laboratory services, cleaning planning and building cleaning (RTB standard). 
 
FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 
 
 
Hydro Power 
Hydro Power consists of Orkla’s wholly-owned power plants in Sarpsfoss and an 85% interest in the 
Saudefaldene power company. The power operations in Sauda are regulated by a lease with Statkraft 
that will run until 31 December 2030. Hydro Power generates and supplies electricity to the Nordic 
power market and produces an average annual volume (2013–2022) totalling 2.4 TWh, of which 
around 1 TWh is a fixed delivery commitment with a zero net effect on profit.    
 
Orkla Eiendom  
Orkla Eiendom (real estate) focuses on investment in, and the development and sale of properties 
primarily related to Orkla’s activities. It also manages Orkla’s headquarters. In addition, Orkla 
Eiendom meets the Group’s needs for specialised expertise in the real estate sector. As of 31 
December 2022, Orkla’s real estate investments had a book value of NOK 2 billion.

--- Page 16 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 16 of 41 
 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
Name 
Position 
Stein Erik Hagen 
Chair of the Board 
Liselott Kilaas 
Member of the Board 
Anna Mossberg 
Member of the Board 
Peter Agnefjäll 
Member of the Board 
Christina Fagerberg 
Member of the Board 
Rolv Erik Ryssdal 
Member of the Board 
Caroline Marie Hagen Kjos 
Member of the Board 
Terje Utstrand 
Employee representative on the Board 
Sverre Josvanger 
Employee representative on the Board 
Karin Hansson 
Employee representative on the Board 
Roger Vangen 
Employee representative on the Board 
 
Stein Erik Hagen - Chair of the Board 
Mr Hagen was first elected to the Board in 2004, has been Chair of the Board since 2006, and is up 
for election in 2024. Mr Hagen established the first business of his own in 1976 and he and his 
children jointly own several family companies, including Canica AS. He is active in a number of the 
family companies and sits on the Board of the family’s charitable foundations. Mr Hagen is member 
of the Board of the Byrd Hoffman Watermill Foundation in New York and the Board of the Prostate 
Cancer Foundation in the USA and member of the Spine Leadership Council at the Hospital for Special 
Surgery in New York. Mr Hagen is also Chair of the Nomination Committee of Anora Group Plc and 
member of the Board of The World Economic Forum Family Business Community.  
 
Liselott Kilaas - Member of the Board 
Ms Kilaas was first elected to the Board in April 2017 and is up for election in 2024. She was CEO of 
Aleris Group from 2013 to 2017. Prior to that, she was Managing Director of Aleris Norge and 
subsequently Managing Director of Aleris Norge og Danmark. Ms Kilaas is member of the Board of 
Directors and the Audit Committee of Folketrygdfondet and Peab AB. She is also Chair of the Board 
of Avonova, Chair of the Board of Implantica and member of the Board of Recover Nordic, Evidia og 
IMD. 
 
Anna Mossberg - Member of the Board 
Ms Mossberg was first elected to the Board in 2020 and is up for election in 2024. She has previously 
held various positions in Telia, as well as those of CEO of Bahnhof, SVP Strategy at Deutsche Telekom 
AB and Industry Leader at Google LLC. Ms Mossberg is currently member of the Board and the 
Finance Committee of Swisscom AG, member of the Board, the Audit Committee and the 
Compensation Committee of Swedbank AB, and member of the Board of Volvo Cars AB. She is also 
member of the Advisory Board of Axcel Management and of the Boards Impact Forum.  
 
Peter Agnefjäll - Member of the Board 
Mr Agnefjäll was first elected to the Board in April 2018 and is up for election in 2024. He was 
President and CEO of the IKEA Group (Ingka Holding B.V.) from 2013 to 2017. Prior to that, he was 
Managing Director and Country Manager for IKEA Retail Sweden. He began his career as a trainee at 
IKEA in 1995 and has since held a number of executive positions in the IKEA Group. He is currently

--- Page 17 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 17 of 41 
 
a member of the Advisory Board of Deichmann Group, Chair of the Supervisory Board of Ahold 
Delhaise N.V. and operating advisor to the private equity team in the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority 
(ADIA). 
 
Rolv Erik Ryssdal - Member of the Board 
Mr Ryssdal was first elected to the Board in 2022 and is up for election in 2024. Until August 2022, 
he was CEO of Adevinta, prior to which he was CEO of Schibsted from 2009 to 2018. Mr Ryssdal 
began his career at Schibsted/Adevinta in 1991 and for some years served as CEO of Aftonbladet 
(1999–2005) and VG (2005–2008) before taking up the role of CEO at Schibsted. He holds several 
Board positions, including that of Chair of the Board of Sikri Group ASA. 
 
 
Anna Mossberg - Member of the Board 
Ms Mossberg was ﬁrst elected to the Board in 2020 and is up for election in 2024. She has previously 
held various positions in Telia and TeliaSonera, as well as those of CEO of Bahnhof in 2010-2011, 
SVP Strategy at Deutsche Telekom AB and, most recently, Industry Leader at Google LLC. Since 
2021 Ms Mossberg has taken the position as Managing Director in Silo AI. Ms Mossberg is currently 
member of the Board and the Finance Committee of Swisscom AG, and member of the Board, the 
Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee of Swedbank AB.  
 
Caroline Marie Hagen Kjos - Member of the Board  
Ms Hagen Kjos was first elected as deputy member of the Board in 2016, and as a regular Board 
member from 2023. She is up for election in 2024. She works as Project Manager at Canica 
International AG, Switzerland, where she shares responsibility for investments and strategy with the 
CEO. She has previously been employed as Project Manager in marketing and purchasing in 
JerniaGruppen. Ms Hagen Kjos is Chair of the Board of Directors of Canica AS. 
 
Terje Utstrand - Employee representative on the Board 
Mr Utstrand was first elected to the Board in 2012 and is up for election in 2024. He has served as 
chief employee representative since 2010 and is Chair of the Board for LO union members at Orkla. 
He is also Chair of Orkla’s Committee of Union Representatives and European Works Council. Mr 
Utstrand has also been NNN union representative at Orkla Confectionery & Snacks Norge AS 
(formerly Nidar) since 1999 (chief employee representative 2002-2010), deputy member of the 
Board of Nidar AS (2004–2010) and member of the Board of Orkla Brands AS (2008–2012). He has 
been a member of Orkla’s Committee of Union Representatives-Working Committee since 2000. 
 
Sverre Josvanger - Employee representative on the Board 
Mr Josvanger was first elected to the Board in 2012 and is up for election in 2024. He is Chair of the 
Executive Committee for Salaried Employees at Orkla and has served as secretary of Orkla’s 
Committee of Union Representatives and the Working Committee of the Executive Committee since 
2012. He is also member of the European Works Council, and has served on Orkla’s Pension and 
Insurance Council (POFFO) since 2012. Mr Josvanger has been head of the trade union division at 
Nidar since 1994 and chief union representative for salaried employees at Nidar since 2010. Since 
May 2014 he has been member of the Audit Committee. He has been employed at Orkla 
Confectionery & Snacks as sales consultant since 1988..  
 
Karin Hansson - Employee representative on the Board 
Ms Hansson was first elected to the Board in 2016 and is up for election in 2024. She is employed at 
Orkla Foods Sverige, and is an elected representative of the Swedish Food Workers’ Union at Orkla 
Foods Sverige and a member of the Working Committee of Orkla Foods’ Liaison Committee. She is

--- Page 18 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 18 of 41 
 
also a member of Orkla’s Committee of Union Representatives, the Working Committee of the 
Executive Committee and the European Works Council. 
 
Roger Vangen - Employee representative on the Board 
Mr Vangen was first elected to the Board in 2016 and is up for election in 2024. He is employed at 
Orkla Foods Norge and is NNN union representative at Orkla Foods Norge, Stranda branch. Mr Vangen 
is also a member of the Committee of Representatives at Orkla Foods Norge, the Liaison Committee’s 
Working Committee at Orkla Foods, the Board for LO union members at Orkla, Orkla’s Committee of 
Union Representatives, the Working Committee of the Executive Committee and the European Works 
Council. 
 
 
Chair of the Board of Directors Stein Erik Hagen and related parties own and control Canica, the 
largest shareholder in Orkla. The Orkla Group makes annual sales to companies in the Canica system 
for around NOK 22 million on market terms. Other than as stated above there are, to the Company’s 
knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Company of the persons 
referred to above and their private interests or other duties.  
All the members of the Board of Directors can be reached at the Company’s address; P.O. Box 423 
Skøyen, 0213 Oslo, Norway.

--- Page 19 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 19 of 41 
 
 
THE GROUP EXECUTIVE BOARD: 
Name 
Position 
Nils K. Selte 
President and CEO 
Atle Vidar Nagel Johansen 
EVP & Investment Executive 
Hege Holter Brekke 
EVP & Investment Executive  
Audun Stensvold 
EVP & Investment Executive 
Maria Syse-Nybraaten 
EVP & Investment Executive  
Øyvind Torpp 
EVP & Investment Executive 
Harald Ullevoldsæter 
EVP Finance and CFO 
Christer Grönberg 
EVP Human Resources 
Camilla Tellefsdal Robstad 
EVP Legal and Compliance 
Håkon Mageli 
EVP Communication and Corporate Affairs 
 
Nils K. Selte - President and CEO 
Mr Selte has been President and CEO of Orkla since 11 April 2022. He came to Orkla from Canica AS, 
where he had been employed since 2001, first as CFO and from 2014 as CEO. Prior to that, Mr Selte 
served as both Group Treasurer at ICA Ahold AB (1999-2001) and CFO of Hakon Gruppen AS. From 
1994 to 1996 he was Finance Director at Livi Norge AS and from 1991 to 1994 executive officer at 
the Office of the Auditor General of Norway. Until 2022, Mr Selte was a member of the Board of 
Directors of Orkla ASA, to which he was first elected in April 2014. 
 
Atle Vidar Nagel Johansen - Executive Vice President for Investments 
Mr Nagel Johansen has been a member of the Orkla Management Team since 2012. He has been 
CEO of Orkla Care and Supply Chain since 2018. Before that, he was CEO of Orkla Foods from 2012, 
CEO of Orkla Foods Nordic in 2008–2012 and CEO of Orkla Foods in 2005–2008. Prior to that, he 
was Marketing Director at Orkla Foods International and Finance Director at Orkla Foods. Mr Nagel 
Johansen was CFO at Tandberg Data ASA in 1999–2000. In the 1990s he was Finance Director at 
Sætre AS/Orkla Snacks and head of Economic Planning & Analysis at Orkla ASA. He began his career 
as a ﬁnancial analyst at Jøtun Fonds and Carl Kierulf & Co.   
 
Hege Holter Brekke - Executive Vice President for Investments  
Ms Brekke became a member of the Orkla Management Team as CEO of Orkla Care in 2021. She 
came from the position of CEO of Orkla Health and previously served as CEO of Pierre Robert Group 
from 2015 and before that as Director of Marketing & Innovation at Orkla Foods. Ms Brekke began 
her career at Orkla in 1996 and held several senior management positions in Orkla ASA, Nidar and 
Orkla Foods (1996–2004). From 2004 to 2014, she held various senior executive positions in 
innovation and marketing at TINE and Plantasjen ASA, and was a member of TINE’s Corporate 
Management (2007–2014). She also served as a strategy advisor at McKinsey & Company for three 
years.   
 
Audun Stensvold - Executive Vice President for Investments  
Mr Stensvold has been a member of the Orkla Management Team since November 2022. From 2018 
to 2022, he was CEO of Vinestor AS, a group of leading wine import companies in the Norwegian 
market. Before that, from 2006 to 2018, he held various positions at Aker ASA, where he worked 
with active ownership, transactions, stock market listings and accounting/finance, in addition to 
serving on the Board of Directors of several listed and unlisted companies. For a period, he was also 
CFO and Investment Director at Converto, which managed a portfolio of companies wholly or partly 
owned by Aker. Prior to his time at Aker, Mr Stensvold was a member of the Strategy and Finance 
Group at Advokatfirmaet Selmer (2002–2006) and a financial analyst at Gjensidige NOR Equities

--- Page 20 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 20 of 41 
 
(1998–2022). 
 
Maria Syse-Nybraaten - Executive Vice President for Investments  
Ms Syse-Nybraaten has been part of the Orkla Management Team since 2022, first as CEO of Orkla 
Consumer & Financial Investments and subsequently as EVP for Investments at Orkla ASA.  Ms Syse-
Nybraaten came from the position of investment professional at Ferd Capital, where she has held 
various positions since 2013, including responsibility for health investments in the Nordics. She has 
broad experience of ownership follow-up and Board work in a number of companies, including Dr. 
Fürst Medisinsk Laboratorium AS, Brav AS, Aidian OY and Fjord Line AS. She began her career as an 
analyst at SEB.  
 
Øyvind Torpp - Executive Vice President for Investments 
Mr Torpp has been a member of the Orkla Management Team since December 2022 and came from 
the position of Director at Canica. From 1999 to 2022, he worked at Boston Consulting Group (BCG), 
where he was partner from 2008 and senior partner from 2015. Mr Torpp headed BCG Norge from 
2014 to 2018, as well as serving for many years as head of the Nordic and Norwegian consumer 
team. Mr Torpp has broad experience of supporting European consumer companies with emphasis 
on strategy development, transactions and major change processes.  
 
Harald Ullevoldsæter - Executive Vice President Finance and CFO 
Mr Ullevoldsæter has been a member of the Orkla Management Team since March 2020. He served 
as CFO at Nortura SA (2014–2019). From 1996 to 2014 Mr Ullevoldsæter held a number of 
management positions in finance at Orkla, including those of Finance Director and member of the 
management team of Orkla Brands and Orkla Brands Nordic. He also worked for nine years as 
financial analyst in DNB Markets.  
 
Christer Grönberg - Executive Vice President Human Resources 
Mr Grönberg has been a member of the Orkla Management Team since 2014. He has been head of 
Corporate Functions since 2018, before which he was head of HR. From 2010 to 2014, Mr Grönberg 
was HR Director at Orkla Foods, and from 2008 to 2010 he held the position of HR Director at 
Stabburet. Mr Grönberg was employed at Procordia Food for eight years between 1998 and 2008 as 
HR Director. From 1982 to 1998, Mr Grönberg pursued a career in the Swedish Armed Forces.  
 
Camilla Tellefsdal Robstad - Executive Vice President Legal and Compliance 
Ms Tellefsdal Robstad became a member of the Orkla Management Team in December 2022.  She 
joined Orkla as a lawyer in 2010, with responsibility for competition law. In 2018 she became Director 
of Legal Affairs, and from 2020 she was also given responsibility for Orkla’s Compliance function. 
She has served as Board Secretary since 2019. From 2000 to 2010 Ms Robstad worked as a lawyer 
for Kvale advokatfirma.    
 
Håkon Mageli - Executive Vice President Communication & Corporate Affairs  
Mr Mageli has been a member of the Orkla Management Team since 2012. He was Director of 
Corporate Affairs at Orkla Brands from 2008 to 2012. Prior to that, from 1995 to 2008, he was 
Information Director at Orkla Foods. From 1993 to 1995, he was Director of Public Affairs at Orkla 
Foods in Brussels, and Company Secretary at Nora Foods (1991–1993). Mr Mageli worked as a 
journalist at Dagens Næringsliv from 1985 to 1990. He is Chair of the Board of the Federation of 
Norwegian Food and Drink Industry, Chair of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise’s Trade 
Policy Committee and Chair of the Board of Matmerk – The Norwegian Food Branding Foundation.

--- Page 21 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 21 of 41 
 
 
There are, to the Company’s knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed 
by the persons referred to above to the Company and their private interests or other duties of such 
persons. 
All the members of the Group Executive Board can be reached at the Company’s address; P.O. Box 
423 Skøyen, 0213 Oslo, Norway. 
 
 
 
THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE 
Orkla has a Nomination Committee that is elected by the General Meeting. The Nomination 
Committee consists of two to five members, who are elected for a term of up to two years. The 
current members of the Nomination Committee are Anders Christian Stray Ryssdal (Chair), Nils-
Henrik Pettersson, Kjetil Houg and Rebekka Glasser Herlofsen. In addition, Vidar Dahl represents the 
employees in connection with recommendations regarding the election of the Chair of the Board of 
Directors. 
The Committee is tasked with submitting the following reasoned recommendations: 
  
 
Recommendation to the General Meeting: 
• election of shareholder-elected members and deputy members to the company’s Board of 
Directors 
• election of members and the Chair of the Nomination Committee 
• remuneration of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee 
 
Recommendation to the body that elects the Chair of the Board of Directors: 
• election of the Chair of the Board of Directors (for this purpose, the Nomination Committee 
is supplemented by a representative appointed by the employee representatives on the 
Board) 
 
THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The Company has an Audit Committee that is chaired by Peter Agnefjäll, and the other members are 
Christina Fagerberg and Sverre Josvanger. The Chief Internal Auditor is the secretary of the Audit 
Committee. 
The committee’s mandate is set out in the Board’s Rules of Procedure and in brief is as follows: 
• ascertain that internal and external accounting reporting processes are organised 
appropriately and carried out efficiently, and are of high professional quality 
• keep under review the effectiveness and relevance of the work of the internal audit staff 
and of the company’s risk management systems 
• monitor and assess the quality of the statutory audit of the portfolio companies and Orkla’s 
financial statements 
• help to ensure the independence of the external auditor and ensure compliance with 
applicable rules and guidelines regarding the provision of additional services by the auditor 
to Orkla or the portfolio companies 
• initiate investigations, if necessary, and propose measures relating to the above-mentioned 
points

--- Page 22 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 22 of 41 
 
• annually review and, if necessary, update its mandate and submit its recommendations 
concerning its mandate to the Board of Directors 
 
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 
The Company has a Compensation Committee consisting of Liselott Kilaas (Chair), Stein Erik Hagen 
and Terje Utstrand (employee-elected). The Executive Vice President for HR is the committee 
secretary. The mandate of the committee is set out in the Rules of Procedure for the Board of 
Directors and in brief is as follows: 
• prepare for consideration matters relating to the salary and terms of employment of the 
President and CEO to enable the entire Board, once a year, to participate in an evaluation 
of the President and CEO and in decisions concerning the latter’s terms of employment 
• prepare for consideration matters of principle relating to levels of pay, bonus systems, 
pension conditions, employment contracts and the like for senior Orkla executives 
• prepare the annual evaluation of the Board of Directors

--- Page 23 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 23 of 41 
 
8. Major shareholders 
The Company’s share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus is NOK 1,251,788,712.50 divided 
between 1,001,430,970 shares shares with a nominal value of NOK 1.25 per share. Orkla ASA has 
only one share class, and all shares have equal rights and are freely transferable. The shares are 
registered in VPS under ISIN NO0003733800.   
Orkla ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE) under the ticker ORK. 
 
The 20 largest shareholders in Orkla ASA as of 26.06.2023: 
Investor 
Percentage 
Shares 
Canica AS 
25,10% 
  250 386 000  
Folketrygdfondet 
6,84% 
    68 261 871  
Mawer Investment Management Ltd. 
6,05% 
    60 345 696  
First Eagle Investment Management, L.L.C. 
4,48% 
    44 669 634  
The Vanguard Group, Inc. 
2,91% 
    29 049 901  
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. 
2,48% 
    24 762 963  
DNB Asset Management AS 
2,12% 
    21 135 745  
Nordea Funds Oy 
1,82% 
    18 110 858  
KLP Fondsforvaltning AS 
1,62% 
    16 190 630  
Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning AS 
1,61% 
    16 086 038  
Handelsbanken Kapitalförvaltning AB 
1,36% 
    13 583 625  
LSV Asset Management 
1,16% 
    11 612 713  
BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited 
1,11% 
    11 034 734  
State Street Global Advisors (US) 
1,06% 
    10 574 307  
Legal & General Investment Management Ltd. 
1,04% 
    10 388 074  
Acadian Asset Management LLC 
1,01% 
    10 058 872  
Danske Invest Asset Management AS 
0,94% 
      9 375 490  
Epoch Investment Partners, Inc. 
0,78% 
      7 748 161  
Geode Capital Management, L.L.C. 
0,75% 
      7 495 516  
Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. 
0,67% 
      6 690 632  
Source: Nasdaq2 
To the extent known to the Company, no person directly or indirectly owns or controls a controlling 
stake in the Company.  
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change of control of the Company. 
No particular measures are initiated to ensure that control is not abused by large shareholders. 
Minority shareholders are protected against abuse by relevant regulations in inter alia the Norwegian 
Public Limited Companies Act and the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 
 
 
 
2 Nasdaq - this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 24 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 24 of 41 
 
9. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and 
liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
Orkla’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements for 2022 have been prepared and presented in full 
compliance with applicable International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the 
EU. The financial statements for Orkla ASA have been prepared and presented in accordance with 
simplified IFRS pursuant to section 3-9 of the Norwegian Accounting Act. The interim report has been 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. 
The financial information of Orkla ASA is incorporated by reference. Please see the cross-reference 
list in section 12 in this Base Prospectus:  
Orkla ASA: 
  
Parent 
Group 
Group 
  
2022 
2022 
H1 2023 
  
audited 
audited 
unaudited 
Income statement 
Page 285 
Page 174 
Page 22 
Balance sheet 
Page 286 
Page 175 
Page 23 
Cash flow statement 
Page 287 
Page 176 
Page 24 
Notes 
Page 289 - 301 
Page 181 -  
Page 25 - 31 
Accounting principles 
Page 289 
Page 184 - 186 
Page 25 
Auditors report 
Page 303 - 305 
Page 303 - 305 
- 
 
2022: https://s29.q4cdn.com/711870714/files/doc_financials/2022/ar/Orkla-Annual-Report-2022.pdf  
H1 2023: https://s29.q4cdn.com/711870714/files/doc_financials/2023/q2/Q2-2023-External-report.pdf  
The historical financial information for 2022 has been audited. The historical financial information 
for the interim report has not been audited. 
  
 
OTHER STATEMENTS FOR THE COMPANY 
 
Financial statements and trend information 
There is no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end 
of the last financial period for which either audited financial statements or interim financial 
statements have been published. Furthermore, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Company since the date of the last published audited financial statements, and there 
is no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than described under “Market risk”, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Company’s 
prospects for at least the current financial year. 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are entered into outside of the ordinary course of the Company’s 
business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware), during a period covering the previous

--- Page 25 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 25 of 41 
 
12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Company’s 
and/or Group's financial position or profitability.  
 
SUMMARY OF DISCLOSED INFORMATION 
All of Orkla ASA’a stock exchange announcements are available on the Company’s website:  
https://investors.orkla.com/English/news/ir-news/default.aspx  
The below table is a summary of the information disclosed by the Company under Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 over the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
ADDITIONAL REGULATED INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE 
LAWS OF A MEMBER STATE 
Date 
Description 
30.08.2023 Orkla ASA - Increased amount in Commercial Paper (ISIN NO0012992199) 
17.08.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
14.07.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
14.07.2023 Jotun quarterly update 
11.07.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
30.06.2023 Invitation to presentation of Orkla's second quarter 2023 results, Friday 14 July 
27.06.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
23.06.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
29.05.2023 Orkla ASA: Jotun Interim Report 
26.05.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
16.05.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
11.05.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
09.05.2023 Jotun quarterly update 
08.05.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
05.05.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
18.04.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
13.04.2023 Minutes from today's Annual General Meeting 
13.04.2023 Orkla's Board of Directors and Chair of the Board of Directors elected 
13.04.2023 Annual General Meeting held 
12.04.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
30.03.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of new Commercial Paper and increased amount in ISIN 
NO0012882416 
27.03.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
23.03.2023 Correction: Notice of Orkla's Annual General Meeting 2023 
23.03.2023 Notice of Orkla's Annual General Meeting 2023 
23.03.2023 Orkla ASA: The nomination committee's recommendation to the General Meeting 
of Orkla ASA 
22.03.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
14.03.2023 Orkla ASA: The Board of Directors' proposal to Orkla's General Meeting 
07.03.2023 Orkla ASA - Correction: Issuance of NOK bonds 
07.03.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of NOK bonds 
06.03.2023 Orkla ASA - Contemplating senior unsecured NOK bond issuance 
27.02.2023 Orkla ASA - Increased amount in Commercial Paper (ISIN NO0012820614) 
22.02.2023 Orkla ASA - Increased amount in Commercial Paper (ISIN NO0012838871) 
21.02.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
16.02.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
14.02.2023 Orkla ASA: Jotun annual results 2022

--- Page 26 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 26 of 41 
 
14.02.2023 Orkla ASA: Jotun quarterly update 
07.02.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
31.01.2023 Invitation to presentation of Orkla's fourth quarter 2022 results, Tuesday 14 
February 
27.01.2023 Orkla ASA - Increased amount in Commercial Paper (ISIN NO0012829722) 
25.01.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
23.01.2023 Orkla ASA - Increased amount in Commercial Paper (ISIN NO0012820598) 
19.01.2023 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
11.01.2023 Orkla ASA - A-/Stable rating from Scope affirmed 
19.12.2022 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
13.12.2022 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
24.11.2022 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
16.11.2022 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
01.11.2022 Orkla's acquisition of Denali Ingredients completed 
17.10.2022 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
17.10.2022 Invitation to presentation of Orkla's third quarter 2022 results, Thursday 27 
October 
07.10.2022 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
06.10.2022 Orkla ASA: Jotun Interim Report 
16.09.2022 Financial calendar 
15.09.2022 Orkla ASA - Issuance of Commercial Paper 
  
  
ANNUAL FINANCIAL AND AUDIT REPORTS 
Date 
Description 
23.03.2023 Orkla's Annual Report 2022 
  
  
HALF YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORTS AND AUDIT REPORTS/LIMITED REVIEWS 
Date 
Description 
14.07.2023 Continued improvement for Orkla 
09.05.2023 Profit improvement for Orkla 
14.02.2023 Weaker profit for Orkla 
27.10.2022 Profit growth for the Orkla group 
  
  
MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF TRADE PRIMARY INSIDERS 
Date 
Description 
16.05.2023 Mandatory notification of trade - granting of stock options to primary insiders 
14.05.2023 Mandatory notification of trade - Shares for employees 2023 
10.05.2023 Mandatory notification of trade - Shares for employees 2023 
15.02.2023 Orkla ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
14.02.2023 Orkla ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
28.11.2022 Orkla ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
11.11.2022 Orkla ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
05.11.2022 Orkla ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
01.11.2022 Orkla ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
27.10.2022 Orkla ASA: Mandatory notification of trade - primary insiders 
  
  
MAJOR SHAREHOLDING NOTIFICATIONS 
Date 
Description 
19.04.2023 NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS 
18.04.2023 Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Disclosure 
24.02.2023 Disclosure of Large Shareholding

--- Page 27 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 27 of 41 
 
NON-REGULATORY PRESS RELEASES 
Date 
Description 
15.06.2023 Orkla publishes historical financial information on 11 portfolio companies 
25.04.2023 Invitation to presentation of Orkla's first quarter 2023 results, Tuesday 9 May 
27.10.2022 Orkla to become an industrial investment company 
  
  
INSIDE INFORMATION 
Date 
Description 
03.10.2022 Orkla invests in US ice cream ingredients and announces intention to seek a 
partner to further accelerate growth of its ingredients business 
  
  
EX DATE 
Date 
Description 
14.04.2023 Shares traded ex-dividend today 
14.03.2023 Orkla ASA: Key information relating to the cash dividend 
 
 
INTEREST ADJUSTMENT 
Date 
Description 
05.06.2023 Rentefastsettelse 
16.05.2023 Rentefastsettelse 
03.03.2023 Rentefastsettelse 
16.02.2023 Rentefastsettelse 
22.12.2022 Rentefastsettelse 
05.12.2022 Rentefastsettelse 
17.11.2022 Rentefastsettelse 
23.09.2022 Rentefastsettelse 
05.09.2022 Rentefastsettelse 
18.08.2022 Rentefastsettelse

--- Page 28 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 28 of 41 
 
10. Documents on display 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, may be inspected: 
 
• 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company;  
 
 
• 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Company’s request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The documents may be inspected at the Company’s website: www.orkla.com.

--- Page 29 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 29 of 41 
 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the 
Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, 
allows for Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within any EEA country.   
This chapter describes the types of financial instruments that can be linked to this Base Prospectus. 
A 
Bond 
is 
a 
financial 
instrument 
as 
defined 
in 
Norwegian 
Securities 
Trading 
Act’s 
(Verdipapirhandellovens) § 2-2. 
 
11.1 
SECURITY TYPE 
Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Bond Terms, including 
any Additional Bonds. 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the central securities depository 
(CSD).  Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
11.2 
THE BONDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
11.2.1 Bond Terms and Legislation 
The Bond Terms will be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms 
regulates the Bondholder’s rights and obligations in relations with the issue. The Bond Trustee enters 
into the agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the 
Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Bond Terms. 
When bonds are subscribed/purchased, the Bondholder has accepted the Bond Terms and is bound 
by the terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the Bondholder’s right to vote are 
described in the applicable Bond Terms. The specific reference to the Bond Terms will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Information regarding the role of the Bond Trustee will be described in 
the Bond Terms. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and will available through 
the Issuer's website: www.orkla.com.  
Orkla ASA is subject to the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The Bond 
Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  
 
11.2.2 Outstanding bonds 
The bond issues may either be an open bond issue or closed for increasing the outstanding amount.  
Outstanding Bonds means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. The Initial Bond Issue 
and Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If Maximum Issue Amount is applicable the Issuer may subsequently issue Additional Bonds on one 
or more occasions (each a “Tap Issue”) until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds plus the 
Initial Bond Issue equals in aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount. The Issuer may, upon written 
confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Issue Amount. Tap Issues must take 
place no later than five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 30 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 30 of 41 
 
11.2.3 Payments in respect of the Bonds 
On the Repayment Date the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Bond the Nominal Amount at a price 
equal to the Redemption Price, unless otherwise stated in the Bond Terms, to the Bondholders. The 
Repayment Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds (Call). The terms for early redemption 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bondholders may also have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the 
Bonds held by that Bondholder (Put). The specific terms will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bonds will either be fixed rate bonds or floating rate bonds. On each Interest Payment Date the 
Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Interest Rate amount to the Bondholders. The specific terms 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the CSD. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the 
Limitation Period Claims of May 18 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for 
principal. 
 
11.2.4 Bonds with fixed rate 
Bonds with a fixed interest rate shall bear interest at the percentage (%) set out in the Final Terms. 
The Outstanding Bonds will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the aggregate Nominal Amount 
for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period (or the 
Issue Date, for the first Interest Period), and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest 
Period.  
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days 
each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), 
unless: 
i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or   
ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.5 Bonds with floating rate 
Bonds with floating rate shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin 
as set out in the Final Terms. If the Interest Rate becomes negative, the Interest Rate shall be 
deemed to be zero.  
The Outstanding Bonds will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the aggregate Nominal Amount 
for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period (or the 
Issue Date, for the first Interest Period), and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest 
Period. The Interest Rate shall be adjusted by the Bond Trustee on each Interest Quotation Date 
during the term of the Bonds. 
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

--- Page 31 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 31 of 41 
 
The Reference Rate, Margin, Interest Period and the current Interest Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
 11.2.6 Use of proceeds 
The specific use of proceeds including the net proceeds from the bond issue will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may issue “Green Bonds”. If so, the proceeds from the bond issue shall be used in 
accordance with the Issuer’s green bond framework that will be available through the Issuer's 
website: www.orkla.com. The specific link will be published in the applicable Final Terms together 
with the second opinion. 
 
11.2.7 Status 
The Issuer’s payment obligations under the Bond Terms shall rank ahead of all subordinated payment 
obligations of the Issuer and the Bond shall rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at 
least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.  
If other statuses, it will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.8 Security 
The Bonds may either be unsecured or secured. The level of any security will be described in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
11.2.9 Approvals 
The specific Bond issues will be subject to approval by the Issuer's Board. The date of the decision 
will be stated in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by Finanstilsynet, as the competent authority in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. 
The applicable Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet – prospekter@finanstilsynet.no - for 
information in connection with an application for listing of a new Bond issue or a Tap Issue in an 
already listed Bond.  
 
 
 
11.2.10 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including a template for the Final Terms is NOK 94,000. 
In addition, there will be a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list 
of the Exchange. The listing fees will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Any public fees payable in connection with the Bond Terms and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant 
to these Bond Terms shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing 
any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any 
withholding tax imposed by relevant law. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no withholding tax on bonds in Norway.  
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities.

--- Page 32 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 32 of 41 
 
 
11.2.11 Rating  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Scope Ratings GmbH (Scope) has assigned the Issuer a rating 
of A-/Stable. Scope has also assigned a S-1 short-term rating and A- senior unsecured debt rating. 
Credit Ratings at the A level reflect an opinion of strong credit quality. Credit Ratings at the S-1 level 
reflect an opinion of very low credit risk with high capacity to repay short-term obligations.  
Scope is established in the European Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and are on the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
on ESMA website: https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk3. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the Rating Agency at any time. 
 
 
11.3 
DEFINITIONS 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other 
definitions relevant for the Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents 
the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
Additional Bonds: 
Means the debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including 
any Temporary Bonds.  
 
Bond Terms: 
The Bond Terms including any attachments hereto, and any 
subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the 
parties hereto. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms.  
 
Bond Trustee: 
The company designated as such in the preamble to the Bond 
Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms.  
 
The Bond Trustee, being Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 
0116 Oslo. 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered 
owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to the 
Clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bondholders’ Meeting: 
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in the Clause Bondholders’ 
Decisions in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bonds: 
The debt instruments issued by the Issuer on the Issue Date 
pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds, 
 
3 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 33 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 33 of 41 
 
and any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued 
under a separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the 
CSD from time to time. 
 
Business Day: 
Any day on which the CSD settlement system is open and the 
relevant currency settlement system is open. 
 
Business Day Convention: 
Means that: 
a) If Modified Following Business Day is specified (FRN), 
the Interest Period will be extended to include the first 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will 
be shortened to the first preceding Business Day.  
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no 
adjustment will be made to the Interest Period. 
 
Business Day Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Calculation Agent: 
For Bonds with a Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee will be the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
The Calculation Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Call: 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds.  
 
Exercise of Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bond 
Trustee at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant 
Repayment Date. Partial exercise of Call shall be carried out pro 
rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures in the 
CSD). 
 
The terms for early redemption will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Change of Control Event: 
Change of Control Event means that a shareholder or a group 
of shareholders under common control, (direct or indirect), 
obtain (including purchase, merger etc.) ownership or control of 
more than 50 fifty per cent of the share capital or the voting 
shares of the Issuer.   
 
If at any time a Change of Control occurs, each Bondholder 
should have the right of pre-payment (Put Option) of Bonds at 
par value (100%) plus accrued interest. The Put option must be 
exercised within two months after the Issuer has given 
notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. 
 
CSD: 
The central securities depository in which the Bonds are 
registered.

--- Page 34 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 34 of 41 
 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following 
Securities Depository will be used: Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository: Euronext Securities Oslo (“Verdipapirsentralen” or 
“VPS”), P.O. Box 1174, 0107 Oslo. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each 
and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of 
days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless:  
(i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st 
calendar day but the first day of that Interest Period is 
a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, 
in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be shortened to a 30–day month; or  
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last 
calendar day in February, in which case February shall 
not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
Day Count Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Exchange: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Main terms 
of the Bonds in the Bond Terms, setting out the exchange or 
other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer 
has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. 
 
The relevant Exchange, if any, will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated in percentage (%). 
 
FRN: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a 
“Group Company”) 
 
Interest Period: 
Means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention, the periods set out in the Clause Main terms

--- Page 35 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 35 of 41 
 
of the Bonds in the Bond Terms, provided however that an 
Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Period will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage 
(%). 
b) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum 
equal to the Reference Rate + Margin. If the Interest Rate 
becomes negative, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
 
The Interest Rate will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Interest Payment Date: 
Means the last day of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Quotation Date: 
Means, in relation to any period for which an Interest Rate is to 
be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond. 
 
ISIN will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Initial Nominal Amount to be paid 
by the Bondholders at the applicable Issue Date. 
 
Issue Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Issuer: 
Orkla ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration 
number 
910 
747 
711 
and 
LEI-code 
549300PZS8G8RG6RVZ52. 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive 
influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer 
has decisive influence.   
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier, a unique 20-character code that 
identifies legal entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
Listing: 
Listing of Bonds takes place on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
For Bonds that will be applied for listing on Oslo Børs, listing will 
take place no earlier than the day after the first Issue Date. 
Applications for admission to trading shall apply to all bonds

--- Page 36 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 36 of 41 
 
belonging to the same issue. In the event of a tap issue, the tap 
issue will automatically be admitted to trading as soon as Oslo 
Børs is informed of the change in outstanding volume. 
 
Bonds listed on Oslo Børs are freely negotiable. 
 
Manager(s):  
Manager(s) of Bond issues.  
 
The Manager(s) will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Margin: 
Means, if FRN, the margin of the Interest Rate. The provisions 
regarding Margin do not apply for Fixed Rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
Market Making:  
For bonds listed on Oslo Børs or other Exchanges, a market 
making agreement may be entered into. 
 
Agreement on market making will be stated in the Final Terms. 
 
Maturity Date:  
Means the date set out in the Clause Main terms of the Bonds 
in the Bond Terms, adjusted according to the Business Day 
Convention. 
 
The Maturity Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
NA: 
Means that the provision to which NA is designated is not 
applicable.  
 
NIBOR: 
Means for FRN, the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate, being  
a) 
the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period published by Global Rate Set 
Systems (GRSS) at approximately 12.00 (Oslo time) on 
the Interest Quotation Day; or  
b) 
if paragraph a) above is not available for the relevant 
Interest Period; 
(i) 
the linear interpolation between the two closest 
relevant interest periods, and with the same 
number of decimals, quoted under paragraph a) 
above; or 
(ii) a rate for deposits in the relevant currency for the 
relevant Interest Period as supplied; or 
c) 
if the interest rate under paragraph a) is no longer 
available, the interest rate will be set by the Bond Trustee 
in consultation with the Issuer to: 
(i) 
any relevant replacement reference rate generally 
accepted in the market; or

--- Page 37 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 37 of 41 
 
(ii) such interest rate that best reflects the interest 
rate for deposits in NOK offered for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
 
Information about the past and the future performance of the 
NIBOR and its volatility can be obtained at: https://nore-
benchmarks.com/about-nibor/nibor-data/rates/    
Access to the NIBOR rates and monthly statistics is restricted to 
authenticated users. Redistribution or commercial exploitation 
of the NIBOR data is prohibited. You will require a subscription 
or register for an account. 
 
If Reference Rates other than NIBOR is specified in the Final 
Terms or the definition of NIBOR is changed, then the applicable 
Reference Rate, the relevant screen page, the specified time, 
information about the and future performance and volatility of 
the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Nominal Amount: 
Means the nominal value of each Bond at any time, and the 
Initial Nominal Amount means the nominal value of each Bond 
on the Issue Date. The Nominal Amount may be amended 
pursuant to the Bond Terms.  
 
Initial Nominal Amount will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
Paying Agent: 
The legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying 
agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD. 
 
The Paying Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Payment Date: 
Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.  
 
Put: 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer 
purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder. 
 
If exercising a Put, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated 
under Put pay to the Bondholders the Nominal Amount of the 
Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price on the 
redeemed Bonds. 
 
The specific Put terms will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 38 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 38 of 41 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage in respect of each Bond 
the Nominal Amount to which the bond issue is to be redeemed 
at the Maturity Date. 
 
Redemption Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Reference Rate: 
For FRN bonds the Reference Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does 
not apply. 
 
Repayment Date: 
Means any date for payment of instalments, payment of any 
Call or the Maturity Date, or any other days of repayments of 
Bonds.  The Repayments dates will be specified in the Final 
Terms.   
 
Subsidiary: 
Means any Subsidiary of the Issuer as defined in the Norwegian 
Public/Private Limited Liability Act section 1-3.   
 
Tap Issue: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Clause Tap 
Issues in the Bond Terms. If NA is specified in respect of 
Maximum Issue Amount no Tap Issues may be made under the 
Bond Terms. Otherwise, Tap Issues shall be allowed on the 
terms set out in the Clause Tap Issues in the Bond Terms. 
 
Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Yield: 
Depending on the market rate for bonds with floating interest 
rates. The Yield for the applicable interest period can be 
determined when the interest rate is known. 
 
For bonds with a fixed interest rate, the Yield is determined 
based on the bond interest rate and the number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til 
Konvensjoner 
for 
det 
norske 
sertifikat- 
og 
obligasjonsmarkedet» 
 
https://finansfag.no/publikasjoner/4 
prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in March 2022. 
 
Yield will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
 
 
4 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 39 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 39 of 41 
 
11.4 
FINAL TERMS 
 
A template for the Final Terms is attached to this Base Prospectus - see appendix 1.

--- Page 40 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 40 of 41 
 
12. Cross reference list 
 
In section 9 of this Base Prospectus, the financial information is incorporated by reference to the 
following:  
• 
Information concerning Orkla ASA’s 2022 figures is incorporated by reference from Orkla 
ASA’s Annual Report 2022. 
• 
Information concerning Orkla ASA’s second quarter figures is incorporated by reference from 
Orkla ASA’s Report Q2 2023. 
 
The financial reports are available at: 
2022: https://s29.q4cdn.com/711870714/files/doc_financials/2022/ar/Orkla-Annual-Report-
2022.pdf  
H1 2023: https://s29.q4cdn.com/711870714/files/doc_financials/2023/q2/Q2-2023-External-
report.pdf

--- Page 41 ---
Orkla ASA – 07.09.2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 41 of 41 
 
13. Appendix 
 
• 
Final Terms template

--- Page 42 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
 
 
[Name of the bond] 
  
ISIN [●]

--- Page 43 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
2 
 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared in according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus for Orkla ASA dated 07.09.2023 and any supplements to the Base 
Prospectus constitute a Prospectus for [ISIN] - [Loan name]. The Prospectus contains complete 
information about the Issuer and the Bonds. The Base Prospectus, any supplements and the Final 
Terms are/will be available on the Issuer's website: www.orkla.com

--- Page 44 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
3 
 
1. SUMMARY 
 
Summaries are made up of disclosure requirements due to Article 7 in the REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 OF 
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 14 June 2017. 
 
A - INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in the securities should be based on consideration of 
the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose all 
or part of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the 
information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court, the 
plaintiff investor might, under the national law, have to bear the costs 
of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read together 
with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not provide, 
when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, key 
information in order to aid investors when considering whether to 
invest in such securities. 
The Bonds 
ISIN: [●] – [Name] 
The Issuer 
Orkla ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized 
under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. 
The Company’s registration number is 910 747 711 its LEI-code is 
549300PZS8G8RG6RVZ52. 
The Offeror 
Not applicable. There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been 
produced in connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. 
The Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Competent Authority 
Approving the Prospectus. 
The 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
of 
Norway 
(Norwegian: 
Finanstilsynet), with registration number 840 747 972 and registered 
address at Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo, Norway, and with telephone 
number +47 22 93 98 00 has reviewed and on 07.09.2023, approved 
the Base Prospectus.  
 
B - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Who is the issuer of the securities? 
Corporate Information 
Orkla ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized 
under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. 
The Company’s registration number is 910 747 711 its LEI-code is 
549300PZS8G8RG6RVZ52.  
Website: www.orkla.com      
Principal activities 
Orkla ASA has been transformed into an industrial investment 
company. Its scope of activity is brands and consumer-oriented 
companies. By establishing autonomous portfolio companies with their 
own company boards, Orkla will ensure greater structural flexibility in 
the future. The goal is to improve long-term value creation. 
Major Shareholders 
Orkla ASA largest shareholder is Canica AS. To the extent known to 
the Company, no person directly or indirectly owns or controls a 
controlling stake in the Company.   
Key managing directors 
 
Name 
Position 
Nils K. Selte 
President and CEO

--- Page 45 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
4 
 
Statutory auditor  
The Company’s auditor is Ernst & Young AS, Dronning Eufemias gate 
6A, 0191 Oslo. Ernst & Young AS is a member of the Norwegian 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? 
 
Orkla ASA: 
Parent 
Group 
Group 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2022 
2022 
H1 2023 
(Amounts in NOK million) 
audited 
audited 
unaudited 
Operating profit 
           (651)           6,897            3,138  
Profit for the year/period 
          8,428            5,268            2,753  
BALANCE SHEET 
  
  
  
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term 
debt minus cash) 
 
5,132  
17,188 
22,778  
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
  
  
  
Cash flow from operating activites 
          3,536            5,230  
          1,814  
Cash flow from investment activites 
           (729)         (5,557) 
        (2,214) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
        (3,347) 
            659  
           (173) 
 
 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific to the Issuer? 
Most 
material 
key 
risk 
factors 
• 
Financial risk - Orkla operates internationally and is exposed to 
financial risks such as currency risk, interest rate risk, commodity 
price risk, liquidity risk and credit risk 
• 
Market risk - Orkla’s main geographical markets are characterised 
by high customer concentration and, to some extent, a growing 
proportion of the retail trade’s private labels. Changing trends and 
consumer preferences pose a risk if Orkla fails to keep close track 
of developments and make the necessary adjustments to the new 
situation.  
• 
Operational risk - Orkla is increasingly dependent on IT systems 
and the proper handling of information. Inadequate food safety 
can potentially have major consequences for consumers, and the 
possibility of significant amendments in legislation related to the 
regulation of the content of food products could have 
consequences for Orkla 
 
 
C - KEY INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES 
What are the main features of the securities? 
Description of the securities, 
including ISIN 
[●] 
Rights 
attached 
to 
the 
securities 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and 
security 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability 
of 
the 
securities 
[Not applicable – there are no restrictions on the free transferability of 
the Bonds.] / [Other: specify] 
 
 
Where will the securities be traded? 
Admission to trading 
[●]

--- Page 46 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
5 
 
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? 
Most material key risks 
• 
Credit risk - is the risk that the Issuer fails to make the required 
payments under the bonds. 
• 
Market risk - there is a risk that the value of the Bonds will 
decrease due to the change in market conditions. 
• 
Liquidity risk - missing demand of the bonds may incur a loss on 
the bondholder. 
• 
Security - unsecured bonds carry a higher risk than secured bonds. 
 
D - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKED 
Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in this security? 
Terms and conditions for the 
offer 
Not applicable. The Bonds have not been subject to a public offer. 
Why is the Prospectus being produced? 
Admission to trading 
The Prospectus is produced in connection with listing of Bonds on the 
Exchange. 
Use of proceeds 
[●] 
Material conflicts of interest 
[●]

--- Page 47 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
6 
 
2. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES 
 
 
Main terms of the Bonds: 
 
ISIN:   
 
 
[ISIN]. 
 
The Bonds/The Bond Issue:  
[Name of the bond]. 
 
Issuer: 
Orkla ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration number 910 747 711 and LEI-code 
549300PZS8G8RG6RVZ52.   
 
Security Type:  
[Unsecured/Secured] [Open] [Green] Bond Issue with 
[fixed/floating] rate. 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1.  
 
Maximum Issue Amount: 
[Currency] [Maximum Issue Amount/ NA]. 
 
Initial Bond Issue  
/ [x. Tranche]:  
 
[Currency] [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. Tranche]. 
 
Outstanding Amount:  
[Currency] [Total outstanding amount]. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount: 
[Currency] [Initial Nominal Amount] – each and among themselves 
pari passu ranking. 
Nominal Amount as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Price: 
[Issue Price] % (par value). 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Date: 
  
 
[Issue Date [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. tranche]]. 
 
Redemption Price: 
[Redemption Price] % 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Maturity Date:  
 
[Maturity Date]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
Interest rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from:   
[Issue Date] / [Other: specify].    
 
Interest Rate:   
 
[FRN: Reference Rate + Margin 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: [●]% p.a 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[FRN: NIBOR as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3  
/ Other: specify.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]

--- Page 48 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
7 
 
 
Margin:  
 
 
[FRN: [●]% p.a 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] 
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
  
Current Interest: 
 
[●]%  
  
Interest Period:  
[FRN: The period between [date], [date], [date] and [date] each 
year.]  
[Fixed Rate: [date(s)] each year] 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
  
Interest Quotation Date:  
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[FRN: Actual/360.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: 30/360.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
  
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN: Modified Following Business Day.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: No Adjustment.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Yield:   
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
[FRN: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: specify] 
 
The Bonds purpose, status and security:  
 
Use of procceds: 
[Insert “Use of proceeds” including net proceeds in amount] 
 
 
 
Status: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.7.] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Security and any  
special conditions: 
[Insert the level of the bonds “security” including any definitions 
defining the security, and any “Special conditions” including any 
definitions defining the conditions] 
 
Redemption: 
 
Maturity: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Redemption: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3.]

--- Page 49 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
8 
 
 
Call/Put: 
[NA] / [As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3. and defined 
in section 11.3] 
[Terms of the Call/Put] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing/Exchange: 
[Oslo Børs.] / 
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Market Making: 
[There is no market-making agreement entered into in connection 
with the Bond issue.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the Bonds: 
[There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Bonds.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1. and defined under 
«Listing» in section 11.3] 
 
Other information: 
 
Approvals: 
[The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuers Board 
approval [date].] 
[Other: specify] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.9. 
 
 
Bond Terms:  
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 
section 11.3.] 
[The Bond Terms is attached to this Final Terms.] 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the 
Bondholder’s right to vote are described in the Bond Terms [clause 6 
and clause 7] / [Other: specify] 
 
Documentation: 
Availability of the Documentation: http://www.orkla.com   
 
Bond Trustee: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] /  
[Other: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
 
Manager(s): 
[Insert name and address of the manager]  
 
Paying Agent: 
[Insert name and address of the paying agent]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
 
CSD: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]. 
[Other: specify] 
 
Legislation under which the  
Bonds have been created/

--- Page 50 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
9 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Fees, Expenses and Tax  
legislation: 
 
 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.10. 
  
[Specify the issuers cost in relation to the issue/listing].

--- Page 51 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
10 
 
3. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Rating 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.11. 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests 
that are material to the Bond Issue 
/ Other:  Specify the interest including any conflicting interest in the issue.] 
 
Manager for the issuance 
Orkla ASA has mandated [Manager(s)] as Manager[s] for the issuance of the Bonds. The Manager[s] 
has acted as advisor to Orkla ASA in relation to the pricing of the Bonds.    
 
The Manager[s] and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees 
may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this 
Final Terms and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to 
such instruments. The Manager[s] corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager 
for this Issuer in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known.

--- Page 52 ---
Orkla ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
11 
 
4. APPENDIX 
 
• 
Bond Terms 
• 
[Tap Issue Addendum x.Tranche ] 
• 
[any other documents if applicable or relevant]