--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 2 MAY 2023 
 
 
OTP Bank Nyrt. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Hungary) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Any notes (“Notes”) issued pursuant to this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) on or after 
the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. Under the Programme, OTP Bank Nyrt. (the “Issuer” or the “OTP Bank”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Notes. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under 
the Programme will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as provided herein. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme described in this Base 
Prospectus during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purpose of 
Article 8 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation. Applications have been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be admitted during the period of 
12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Market”). The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, on 
markets in financial instruments (“MiFID II”). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market.  
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation; 
such approval should not be considered as (a) an endorsement of the Issuer; or (b) an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and 
financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
The Senior Preferred Notes and any Coupons (each as defined herein) relating thereto will constitute ordinary non-preferential debt for the purposes of the Ranking 
Legislation (as defined below). The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined herein) and any Coupons relating thereto will constitute secondary non-preferential debt 
for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation. The Tier 2 Capital Notes (as defined herein) and any Coupons relating thereto will constitute subordinated non-preferential 
debt for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date (i.e. until 2 May 2024) in relation to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final 
Terms (as defined below) will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference 
rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the 
European Union (the “EU”), recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status 
of the administrator.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws, and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States (as defined in Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the Securities Act), except in certain transactions 
exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” herein. 
 
Arranger  
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
OTP BANK

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined under “General Description of the Programme” below) of Notes will be issued on 
the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a 
document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the CSSF 
and, where listed, the Market or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown 
Prospectus”) as described under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below. 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus (or the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be) is in accordance with the 
facts and this Base Prospectus (or the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be) makes no omission likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
The Notes 
Notes may only be issued under the Programme which have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency at the relevant issue date). 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) will be represented by either: (a) individual 
note certificates in registered form (“Individual Certificates”); or (b) one or more global note certificates 
(“Global Certificates”). 
Each Note represented by a Global Certificate will either be: (a) in the case of a Global Certificate which is not 
to be held under the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Certificate will be deposited 
on or about the issue date with the common depositary and/or the sub-custodian; or (b) in the case of a Global 
Certificate to be held under the NSS, registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global Certificate will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global 
Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and each Global Note which is intended to 
be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and 
with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Certain information in this Base Prospectus has been extracted or derived from independent sources. Where 
this is the case, the source has been identified. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant 
source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Where third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified. 
Save for the Issuer, no other party has separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers or the Calculation Agent or any of the Agents accepts any responsibility 
for the contents of this Base Prospectus (or any Final Terms) or for any other statement, made or purported to 
be made by the Arranger or the Dealers or the Calculation Agent or Agents or on its or their behalf in connection 
with the Issuer or the issue and offering of any Notes. Each of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Calculation Agent 
and the Agents accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save 
as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any 
such statement. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibilities of the Issuer 
under or in connection with this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and the Notes. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Arranger and the Dealers may have engaged and may in the future engage 
in banking or investment banking transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates or any of them. 
References in this Base Prospectus to a “Holder” or “Noteholder” are to the holder of a Bearer Note or the 
person in whose name a Registered Note is registered, as the case may be. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus (and the relevant Final Terms, where applicable) or such other information 
as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of any Notes 
is intended to constitute, and should not be considered as, a recommendation by any of the Issuer and the 
Issuer’s subsidiaries (the "Subsidiaries") taken as a whole (collectively, the “OTP Group”), the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Calculation Agent or the Agents that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the offering of Notes should purchase any 
Notes. None of the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates or any Agent has authorised the 
whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts 
any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve 
any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer or the OTP Group since the 
date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the offering of any 
Notes is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. The Arranger, the Dealers, the Calculation Agent and Agents expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the OTP Group during the life of the 
Programme nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Calculation Agent or the Agents. Investors should review, inter 
alia, the most recent published financial statements of the Issuer and the OTP Group when evaluating the Notes. 
Suitability of investment 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Such 
instruments may be purchased by investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. Each potential investor in any Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to the prospectus or any applicable 
Drawdown Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in 
which the potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(vi) 
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and disposal of 
an interest in the relevant Notes. 
An investment in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or another 
deposit-taking bank within the OTP Group. However, an investment in the Notes carries risks which are very 
different from the risk profile of such a bank deposit. The Notes may provide greater liquidity than a bank 
deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. Conversely, unlike certain bank deposits (i) holders 
of the Notes have no ability to require repayment of their investment other than in very limited circumstances 
and (ii) Holders of the Notes will not have the benefit of any insurance or deposit guarantee of any government 
agency.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent: (i) Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions

--- Page 5 ---
v 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with 
respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail investors. There are risks inherent in the 
holding of the Notes, including the risks in relation to their ranking and the circumstances in which Noteholders 
may suffer loss as a result of holding the Notes. See also the risks described in the section headed “Risk Factors”.  
Restrictions on distribution 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction and/or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions 
on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. The Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any 
applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.  
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED 
BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR 
HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS 
OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE 
UNITED STATES. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(“UK MiFIR”).  
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance/Target Market” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance/Target Market” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
Notice to investors in Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the 
Arranger and the Dealers are relying on an exemption from the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
Investors to make own investigations 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any of the documents incorporated by reference 
constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and are not intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Programme Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”)). The maximum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement. 
Currency definitions 
Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this Base Prospectus to “Euro”, “euro”, “EUR” or “€” are to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; 
all references to “dollars”, “$”, “U.S.$” or “USD” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia (the 
“United States” or “U.S.”); all references to “forint”, “Hungarian forint” and “HUF” are to the lawful 
currency of Hungary; all references to “UAH” are to the lawful currency of Ukraine and all references to “RUB” 
are to the lawful currency of the Russia.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
The Issuer prepares its financial statements in Hungarian Forint and, unless otherwise indicated, the financial 
information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed in forint. 
Exchange Rates 
The following table sets forth, for the periods set forth below, the high, low, average and period end Bloomberg 
Composite Rate expressed as HUF per EUR 1.00. The Bloomberg Composite Rate is a “best market” 
calculation, in which, at any point in time, the bid rate is equal to the highest bid rate of all contributing bank 
indications and the ask rate is set to the lowest ask rate offered by these banks. The Bloomberg Composite Rate 
is a mid-value rate between the applied highest bid rate and the lowest ask rate. The rates may differ from the 
actual rates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and other financial information 
appearing in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor the Dealers represents that the HUF 
amounts referred to below could be or could have been converted into euro or USD at any particular rate 
indicated or any other rate. The average rate for a financial year means the average of the closing Bloomberg 
Composite Rate on each business day during a year. The average rate for a month, or for any shorter period, 
means the average of the closing Bloomberg Composite Rate of each business day during that month, or shorter 
period, as the case may be. 
Unless otherwise specified, where financial information in relation to the Issuer has been translated into EUR, 
it has been so translated, for convenience only, at the rate of HUF 398.50 per EUR 1.00. Such translation should 
not be construed as a representation that the amounts in question have been, could have been or could be 
converted into euro at that or any other rate. 
The Bloomberg Composite Rate of the euro on 17 April 2023 was HUF 372.32 per EUR 1.00. 
HUF per EUR 1.00 
High 
 
Low 
 
Average 
 
Period end 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2022 
432.34 
352.93
391.07
398.50 
2021 
370.39 
345.81
358.54
369.33 
2020 
368.70 
328.95
351.24
362.79 
2019 
336.62 
313.08
325.31
331.23 
 
 
Month ended  
 
 
31 March 2023 
398.06 
373.18
384.64
379.73 
28 February 2023  
395.56 
377.60
384.28
378.18 
31 January 2023 
401.54 
387.26
394.70
390.82 
31 December 2022 
418.96 
398.50
406.87
398.50 
 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the issuer credit rating assigned to the Issuer by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”) was BBB-, the long-term counterparty risk rating assigned to the Issuer by Moody’s 
Investors Service Cyprus Ltd (“Moody’s”) was Baa1 and the issuer rating assigned to the Issuer by Scope 
Ratings GmbH (“Scope”) was BBB+. S&P, Moody’s and Scope are established in the EEA and are certified 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, S&P, Moody’s and

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
Scope are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.  
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) applicable to the Issuer or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be: 
(a) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation; (b) issued 
by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency 
which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation; or (c) issued by a credit rating agency 
which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification  
In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (as modified and amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes issued under the Programme are “prescribed capital markets 
products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of 
Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market, shall constitute a supplement to 
the base prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus and the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus include 
statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements 
can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms “believes”, “estimates”, 
“anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “goal”, “target”, “aim”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could” or 
“should” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking 
statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this 
Base Prospectus and the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and include statements 
regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the Issuer or the OTP Group concerning, among other 
things, the operating results, financial condition, prospects, growth, strategies and dividend policy of the Issuer 
and the sectors and markets in which it operates. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future and may be beyond the Issuer’s ability to 
control or predict. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. 
The Issuer’s actual operating results, financial condition and the development of the sectors and markets in 
which it operates may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus and/or the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, even if the operating results and financial condition of the Issuer, and the development of the sectors 
and markets in which it operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or the development of such sectors and markets in subsequent 
periods. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to, general political, 
economic and business conditions, sector and market trends, changes in government, changes in law or 
regulation, stakeholder perception of the Issuer and/or the sectors or markets in which it operates and those 
risks described in the section headed “Risk Factors”. 
Investors are advised to read this Base Prospectus and the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus in their entirety, and, in particular, the section headed “Risk Factors”, for a further discussion of the 
factors that could affect the Issuer’s future performance and the sectors and markets in which it operates. In 
light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements in 
this Base Prospectus and/or the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may not occur. 
Subject to applicable law or regulation, the Issuer explicitly disclaims any intention or obligation or undertaking 
publicly to release the result of any revisions to any forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus that 
may occur due to any change in the Issuer’s expectations or to reflect events or circumstances after the date of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................10 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................41 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION ...........................................................................................................43 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................45 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................46 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................108 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ...............................................................................................................................123 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................129 
DESCRIPTION OF THE OTP GROUP’S BUSINESS ..................................................................................131 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF THE OTP GROUP ................................................................................161 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................190 
ORGANISATION STRUCTURE AND MANAGEMENT ............................................................................200 
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT ........................................................................................................................212 
HUNGARIAN BANKING SECTOR .............................................................................................................216 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................236 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................239 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................245

--- Page 12 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is a general description of the Programme, must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the information 
incorporated by reference herein (and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms). Words 
and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this General Description of the Programme. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
OTP Bank Nyrt. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
529900W3MOO00A18X956 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.otpbank.hu  
Arranger: 
 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, OTP Bank Nyrt. and any other Dealer appointed 
from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (each 
a “Dealer”, and together the “Dealers”). 
Fiscal Agent, Transfer Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
Citibank, N.A, London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale á Luxembourg SA 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of 
a particular Series (as defined below) of Notes issued under the 
Programme. See “Risk Factors”. 
Admission to Listing and Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus to listing on the Official List and to trading on the 
Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of such Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Programme Amount: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 13 ---
2 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) issued on 
different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject 
to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will be sold outside the United States to persons 
that are not U.S. persons in “offshore transactions” within the 
meaning of Regulation S. In respect of each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes, the Issuer will deliver a Temporary Global Note or (if 
TEFRA is specified as non-applicable or if the TEFRA C Rules 
are specified as applicable) a Permanent Global Note. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in definitive bearer form (“Definitive 
Notes”) in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have interest coupons (“Coupons”) attached 
and, if appropriate, a talon (“Talon”) for further Coupons. 
Each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form (a “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either: 
(a) Individual Certificates; or (b) one or more Global 
Certificates. 
Each Note represented by a Global Certificate will either be: (a) 
in the case of a Global Certificate which is not to be held under 
the NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common depositary and/or the sub-custodian; or (b) in the case 
of a Global Certificate to be held under the NSS, registered in

--- Page 14 ---
3 
the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global 
Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, U.S. dollars, pounds sterling 
or in any other currency or currencies, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if 
any) will constitute direct, unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will constitute 
ordinary non-preferential debt (Hungarian terminology: rendes 
fedezetlen követelések) pursuant to Section 57(1b)(a) of the 
Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking 
Legislation. The Senior Preferred Notes and any Coupons 
relating thereto will rank junior to the claims against the Issuer 
specified in Section 57(1)(a)-(e) of the Ranking Legislation and 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and, save 
for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future 
(other than Senior Non-Preferred Notes and other obligations 
which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes including debt of the Issuer specified in Section 57(1b)(b) 
and Section 57(1b)(c) of the Credit Institutions Act for the 
purposes of the Ranking Legislation, and claims against the 
Issuer specified in Section 57(1)(g)-(h) of the Ranking 
Legislation (including claims for default interest and certain 
claims of affiliated persons and entities against the Issuer as 
specified in the Ranking Legislation) and other than such 
deposits, loans or other obligations which are given priority 
pursuant to applicable statutory provisions).  
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating 
thereto, if any) will constitute direct, unsecured, unguaranteed 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will constitute 
secondary non-preferential debt (Hungarian terminology: 
előresorolt, de nem elsőbbségi fedezetlen követelések) pursuant 
to Section 57(1b)(b) of the Credit Institutions Act for the 
purposes of the Ranking Legislation. Subject to the Ranking 
Legislation, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any Coupons 
relating thereto rank junior to the claims against the Issuer 
specified in Section 57(1)(a)-(e) of the Ranking Legislation, 
junior to the Senior Preferred Notes and any Coupons relating 
thereto and ordinary non-preferred debt of the Issuer specified in 
Section 57(1b)(a) of the Credit Institutions Act for the purposes 
of the Ranking Legislation. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will

--- Page 15 ---
4 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
with all other Senior Non-Preferred Claims and in priority to (A) 
all claims in respect of other non-preferential debts of the Issuer 
specified in Section 57(1b)(c) of the Credit Institutions Act for 
the purposes of the Ranking Legislation; (B) all claims against 
the Issuer specified in Section 57(1)(g)-(h) of the Ranking 
Legislation (including claims for default interest and certain 
claims of affiliated persons and entities against the Issuer as 
specified in the Ranking Legislation); and (C) all claims in 
respect of Tier 2 items and instruments of the Issuer within the 
meaning of Section 57(2) of the Credit Institutions Act for the 
purposes of the Ranking Legislation (including, without 
limitation, any Tier 2 Capital Notes).  
Status of the Tier 2 Capital Notes: 
The Tier 2 Capital Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if 
any) will constitute direct, unsecured, unguaranteed and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will constitute 
subordinated non-preferential debt arising from Tier 2 
instruments (Hungarian terminology: járulékos tőkeelem) within 
the meaning of Section 57(2) of the Credit Institutions Act for 
the purposes of the Ranking Legislation. Subject to the Ranking 
Legislation, the Tier 2 Capital Notes and any Coupons relating 
thereto will rank junior to the claims against the Issuer specified 
in section 57(1)(a)-(h) of the Ranking Legislation, including the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, 
in each case any Coupons relating thereto. The Tier 2 Capital 
Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.  
Claims in relation to the Tier 2 Capital Notes shall be 
subordinated as provided in Condition 3(c) (Tier 2 Capital 
Notes) to all Senior Claims but shall rank: 
(i) 
subject as provided in paragraph (ii) below, pari passu 
with the claims of holders of all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but 
for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital and all obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
therewith; and  
(ii) 
in priority to (A) the claims of holders of the Issuer’s EUR 
500,000,000 fixed to floating rate perpetual subordinated 
notes (ISIN: XS0274147296), (B) obligations of the 
Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 
Capital, (C) all obligations which rank, or are expressed 
to rank, pari passu with such obligations described in (A) 
and (B), (D) the claims of holders of all classes of share

--- Page 16 ---
5 
capital of the Issuer and (E) any obligations that otherwise 
rank junior to the Tier 2 Capital Notes. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Specified Denominations: 
The Notes may be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that no Notes may be 
issued under the Programme which have a denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the 
relevant Issue Date). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate, a resetting rate or a floating rate 
(or a fixed/floating rate or floating/fixed rate). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at the fixed rate(s) of interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at 
the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference to a 
mid-swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency or a 
benchmark security rate, and for a period equal to the relevant 
reset period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such interest 
will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or determined pursuant to 
the Conditions. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at 
a discount to their principal amount and will not bear interest. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) 
by reference to a reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to Condition 9 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation and Benchmark Transition Event),

--- Page 17 ---
6 
in any such case as adjusted for any applicable margin specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. 
Benchmark Discontinuation (in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes 
referencing a rate other than SOFR): 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference 
to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer may (subject to 
certain conditions) be permitted to substitute such benchmark 
and/or screen rate (as applicable) with a successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of the relevant Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive or 
negative 
or 
zero)). 
See 
Condition 
9(a) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation). 
Benchmark Transition Event (in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes 
referencing SOFR): 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of the relevant Series of 
Notes, as applicable). See Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition 
Event).  
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled or 
substituted, Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) on the Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before the Maturity Date at the option 
of the Issuer (as described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer)), to the extent (if at all) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to obtaining Supervisory 
Permission for redemption and complying with certain pre-
conditions (see Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes) 
in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes and Condition 10(m) (Pre-
condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes). 
To the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be 
redeemed before the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Noteholders (as described in Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders)).

--- Page 18 ---
7 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early 
redemption will only be permitted: (a) for tax reasons, as 
described in Condition 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event); (b) in 
the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes, for regulatory reasons, as 
described in Condition 10(d) (Redemption for Capital 
Disqualification Event), subject to the Issuer obtaining prior 
Supervisory Permission and complying with certain pre-
conditions (see Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes)); 
and (c), in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) if the Notes are fully or partially excluded from the 
Issuer’s minimum requirements for (i) own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or (ii) loss absorbing capacity instruments, as 
described in Condition 10(e) (Redemption for Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event), subject to the Issuer obtaining prior 
Supervisory Permission and complying with certain pre-
conditions (see Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Senior Preferred Notes)). 
Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 
Capital Notes: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, upon occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital 
Disqualification Event, either substitute all of the Notes for, or 
vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Tier 2 Securities, subject to the Issuer 
obtaining prior Supervisory Permission and complying with 
certain pre-conditions (see Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 
Capital Notes)). See Condition 10(n) (Substitution and Variation 
of Tier 2 Capital Notes). 
Substitution and Variation of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, upon occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event or a Tax Event, either substitute all of the Notes for, or 
vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, subject to the Issuer 
obtaining prior Supervisory Permission and complying with 
certain pre-conditions (see Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes)). See Condition 
10(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Senior Preferred Notes). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Withholding Tax and Additional 
Amounts: 
All payments of principal, interest and any other amounts in 
respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding

--- Page 19 ---
8 
or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall (a) in the case of 
each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, unless the relevant Final 
Terms expressly specifies “Senior Preferred Notes: Gross-up of 
principal” as “Not Applicable”, in respect of payments of interest 
(if any) or principal or (b) in the case of all Tier 2 Capital Notes 
and all Senior Non-Preferred, in respect of payments of interest 
(if any) only and not principal, pay such additional amounts 
(“Additional Amounts”) as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions as 
described in Condition 13 (Taxation). 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions or the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, any amounts to be paid on the Notes 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or 
any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such 
withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither 
the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any 
Additional Amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
Modification: 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement will contain provisions for 
convening meetings of Holders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of a 
modification of any of the Conditions, subject, where applicable, 
to Condition 18(c) (Supervisory Permission). Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer or by Holders holding not less 
than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. 
Governing Law: 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons, and 
all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them, will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, save that the provisions of 
Condition 3 (Status) relating to the status, ranking and (if 
applicable) subordination of the Notes and waiver of set-off will

--- Page 20 ---
9 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the 
laws of Hungary. 
Ratings: 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the issuer credit rating 
assigned to the Issuer by S&P was BBB-, the long-term 
counterparty risk rating assigned to the Issuer by Moody’s was 
Baa1 and and the issuer rating assigned to the Issuer by Scope 
was BBB+. S&P, Moody’s and Scope are established in the EEA 
and are certified under the CRA Regulation. As such, S&P, 
Moody’s and Scope are included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) applicable to the Issuer 
or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will 
be: (a) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation; (b) issued by a credit 
rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation; or (c) issued by 
a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation, will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States, the EEA (including Hungary and Italy), the 
United Kingdom, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and 
Sale”.

--- Page 21 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained in 
this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. Each of the risks 
highlighted below could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the OTP Group’s business, operations, 
financial condition or prospects and the industry in which they operate which, in turn, could have a material 
adverse effect on the amount of principal and interest which investors will receive in respect of the Notes. In 
addition, each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes or the rights 
of investors under the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of their investment.  
Prospective investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer and the OTP 
Group face, many of which relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the 
future. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Notes, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive. In addition, many of these factors are correlated and may require changes to 
the Issuer’s and/or the OTP Group’s capital requirements, and events described therein could therefore have a 
compounding adverse effect on the Issuer. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this Risk Factors section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFILL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks related to the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment 
The performance of the OTP Group is affected by adverse global political, economic and business conditions 
in the markets in which it operates 
The profitability of the OTP Group may be adversely affected by a worsening of general political and economic 
conditions in the markets in which the OTP Group operates, globally or in certain markets such as the EEA 
generally, and which are outside of the control of the OTP Group.  
The impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine on the OTP Group 
OTP Group's operations in Russia and Ukraine have been negatively impacted by the consequences of the 
military conflict caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine and international sanctions imposed on Russia's 
economic and financial system. 
Russia began an invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022, aimed at key Ukrainian military and civilian assets 
across the country. The Russian military operation has led to high-intensity fighting resulting in mass casualties 
and large-scale damage to infrastructure and assets in Ukraine. OTP Group's ability to conduct business may be 
adversely affected by disruptions to its infrastructure, business processes and technology services. This may 
cause significant customer detriment, costs to reimburse losses incurred by the OTP Group’s customers, and 
reputational damage. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is difficult to predict the full extent and overall impact of the military 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine on the Issuer’s operation. Depending on how the military conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine develops, the impact of this conflict could result in a wide range of possible scenarios for

--- Page 22 ---
11 
the OTP Group, and in particular, for the operation and performance of its Ukrainian and Russian subsidiaries. 
Under the worst possible scenario, the Issuer may lose control of its investments, which under extreme 
conditions could result in the full write-off of the invested amount. 
Ukraine: 
(a) 
The developing conflict in Ukraine could lead to operational difficulties in servicing customers, potential 
damage to branches and other fixed assets, increased credit risks due to an increased probability of 
defaults and higher losses due to defaults within the loan portfolio and also impact on the sovereign debt 
held by the Ukrainian subsidiary of the OTP Group. A potentially severe economic downturn could 
negatively impact OTP Group’s growth and profit making capabilities in Ukraine. The outlook for the 
potential negative impact is uncertain and can quickly change in light of the turbulent situation.  
(b) 
The deepening conflict might trigger liquidity outflows due to deposit withdrawals. However, no such 
impact has been experienced as at the date of this Base Prospectus. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
OTP BANK JSC (“OTP Bank Ukraine” or “OBU”) has a sufficient amount of UAH liquidity reserves 
and any potential shocks can be handled locally with the help of National Bank of Ukraine. OBU also 
has a significant amount of foreign currency denominated liquidity reserves too, which are maintained 
with the Issuer and other banks on the interbank market. Liquidity withdrawal risk has been contained 
so far due to the strict restrictions on cash withdrawals, money transfers and spot conversions. 
(c) 
To manage the UAH/USD spot FX rate, National Bank of Ukraine or the Ukrainian government might 
widen the spot conversion restrictions or reintroduce limitations on banks’ open currency position 
management, forcing banks to keep a long UAH position in their books, which could result in FX 
revaluation losses for OBU.    
Russia: 
(a) 
The existing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has led to a temporary material devaluation of Russia’s 
local currency (RUB), and significantly increased volatility might cause further material valuation 
changes of RUB. The local capital markets temporarily collapsed and foreign investments were 
withdrawn from the country. Extensive sanctions have been imposed by EU member states, the UK and 
the US government which could lead to a severe downturn in the Russian economy. This scenario could 
negatively impact OTP Group’s financial position due to the increased credit risks and lower profit 
making capability of OTP Bank’s Russian subsidiary (JSC “OTP Bank” (Russia) or “OBRu”). In 
reaction to US, UK and EU measures, countersanctions have been implemented by Russian authorities.  
The overall outlook for the potential negative impact is uncertain and can quickly change in light of the 
turbulent situation. 
(b) 
Similar to Ukraine, Russian banks could also face significant deposit withdrawals, mostly in foreign 
currency. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, OBRu has a significant amount of liquidity reserves 
kept outside the OTP Group (government bonds, central bank and money market placements).   
(c) 
Due to the scarce foreign currency liquidity in the Russian market, restrictions on FX conversions are 
very likely in the RUB FX market, which would also affect the international RUB FX market, while 
foreign currency and RUB settlements/payments are already difficult to execute on a cross-border basis.  
In a worst-case scenario, significant deterioration of the relationship between the EU and Russia may lead to a 
situation where OTP Group is no longer able to operate its subsidiaries in Russia or in Ukraine. 
Russia and Ukraine accounted for 3.1 per cent. and 3.2 per cent. of OTP Group's total assets, respectively, as at 
31 December 2022. A loss of both businesses would decrease OTP Bank's CET 1 capital ratio by 70 basis points

--- Page 23 ---
12 
based on data as of 31 December 2022. As of 31 December 2022, OTP Bank's consolidated CET1 capital ratio 
under the accounting scope of consolidation according to IFRS stood at 16.1 per cent. 
The independent auditor's report in respect of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 is unqualified but contains the following “Emphasis of Matter”:   
“We draw attention to Note 51 of notes to the consolidated financial statements, which describes the risk and 
potential impact of the Ukrainian-Russian conflicts on the Group’s operation in Ukraine and Russia. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.” 
The independent auditor's report in respect of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 is unqualified and does not contain an “Emphasis of Matter” paragraph. 
For further information on the Ukraine-Russia conflict, see also the Risk Factor headed “The provisions made 
by the OTP Group may not be adequate to cover actual losses sustained”. 
The COVID-19 pandemic 
Since the outbreak of the pandemic, the Issuer has regularly updated its forecasts in light of the pandemic and 
the impact of the pandemic on the credit risk of its loan and receivables portfolio. However, the continuance of 
new waves of the pandemic emerging may require further revision by the Issuer to such macroeconomic 
scenarios and its estimations of credit impairments. The future impact of any outbreak is highly uncertain and 
cannot be predicted. 
For further information on the COVID-19 pandemic see also the Risk Factors headed “The provisions made by 
the OTP Group may not be adequate to cover actual losses sustained”; “The OTP Group is exposed to risks 
relating to the value and realisation of its security interests”; “The OTP Group faces risks associated with the 
implementation of its business strategy”; and “The OTP Group is subject to changes to government policy and 
regulation”; as well as the sections entitled “ Recent developments – Impact of COVID-19” section of the 
“Description of the OTP Group’s Business”; and the “Business Environment – Macroeconomic environment in 
OTP Group countries” section.  
The volatile economic environment in the post-COVID era 
Over the last 3 years, the COVID-19 pandemic severely impacted the evolution of the global economy. The 
supply-chain and logistic relationships were disrupted by periodic lockdowns and social distancing 
requirements and the supply of several key raw materials dropped significantly, leading to a more volatile 
economic environment compared to previous years. Raw material and energy prices rose steeply, leading to 
higher inflation and interest rates in some of the Issuer’s operating countries. The Russian invasion of Ukraine 
and the subsequent implementation of sanctions on Russia have accelerated supply shortages and resulted in 
higher energy prices and more broad-based inflation. Several major central banks have already raised interest 
rates including the National Bank of Hungary (“MNB”) which raised its key rate to 13.0 per cent. in 2022 and 
also introduced a one-day deposit facility with 18 per cent. interest, which became the effective interest rate. 
As a result of these and other factors, global financial markets have experienced significant volatility and 
disruption in recent years, which have adversely affected the performance and liquidity of many financial 
institutions and instruments, including most recently the entry into of a merger agreement for the acquisition of 
Credit Suisse, a global systemically important bank, by UBS, following the intervention of the Swiss regulators, 
and the failure of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in the United States. In addition, the risk of local 
currency devaluations versus EUR or USD has increased and could lead to a more volatile operating 
environment for OTP Group.  
This volatile environment could cause financial difficulties for the Issuer’s customers. The deteriorating credit 
quality of the Issuer’s customers may in particular result in increasing defaults and arrears in monthly payments

--- Page 24 ---
13 
on loans, higher credit impairments on the loan portfolios of the Issuer, declining mortgage asset values and flat 
or decreasing loan portfolio levels, all of which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to service its payment 
obligations, including those in respect of the Notes. Furthermore, lower demand for, and origination of, new 
loans could expose the Issuer to the risk of losing customers to competitors with less stringent lending 
requirements. 
The OTP Group’s activities and the profitability of its operations are strongly affected by the macroeconomic 
environment and the domestic and international perception of the economies in which it operates. The 
macroeconomic situation will both determine the magnitude of lending by OTP and also the demand for any 
Notes. These may in turn have a negative impact on the OTP Group’s profitability and ability to meet its 
obligations under any Notes issued under the Programme.   
Risks related to the business of the Issuer 
The OTP Group is exposed to credit risk of its customers and counterparties  
Credit risk is present and inherent in both the on-balance sheet transactions and off-balance sheet commitments 
of the OTP Group. 
The credit risk faced by the Issuer and other members of the OTP Group arises primarily from the risks of non-
payment and default on the part of the Issuer and other OTP Group members’ borrowers and other 
counterparties. Any deterioration or adverse change in the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the OTP Group 
members’ borrowers and other counterparties, or a fall in collateral values, are likely to affect the recoverability 
and value of the Issuer and other OTP Group members’ assets, and could require an increase in provisions 
appropriated either in respect of individual OTP Group members or at OTP Group level, which in turn could 
have a negative impact on the financial performance of the Issuer and the OTP Group. 
In addition, third parties that owe the Issuer or any member of the OTP Group money, securities or other assets 
may not perform their obligations due to bankruptcy, shortage in liquidity, downturns in the economy and real 
estate values, operational failure or any other reasons. 
Credit risk tends to be aggravated during periods of economic downturn or stagnation, which are typically 
characterised by higher rates of insolvencies and defaults. In addition, the credit risk faced by the Issuer and 
other members of the OTP Group is increased by the fact that part of the OTP Group’s business is conducted 
in markets with generally higher risk, including country risk, such as operations in Russia and Ukraine and, to 
a lesser extent, Albania, Montenegro, Moldova and Uzbekistan, if the Issuer concludes its announced 
acquisition of Ipoteka Bank. The financial closure of the transaction in Uzbekistan is expected to take place in 
the first half of 2023. There is a risk of losses arising from economic difficulties or political unrest and 
international sanctions in such countries. 
Any negative developments in the operating performance, loan-loss levels, write-downs and impairments of the 
Issuer and the OTP Group could adversely affect their results and may result in capital requirements that could 
constrain their operations, thereby reducing the Issuer’s ability to service payments under the Notes and 
potentially adversely affecting the trading price of the Notes. The deteriorating credit quality of the Issuer’s 
customers, in particular, may result in increasing defaults and arrears in payments on loans which could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to service payment obligations under the Notes. 
The provisions made by the OTP Group may not be adequate to cover actual losses sustained 
The OTP Group, on a consolidated basis, sets aside provisions for loan losses in accordance with IFRS. Such 
provisions are made, however, based on reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue 
cost and effort at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic

--- Page 25 ---
14 
conditions. Therefore, there can be no assurance that provisions made by the OTP Group are or will be sufficient 
to cover potential future losses.  
Furthermore, actual credit impairments vary over the business cycle and, due to prevailing market conditions, 
additional credit impairments may occur at a rate higher than that experienced in the past. Moreover, the 
uncertainties and unusual market conditions that have arisen in the aftermath of the 2007/2009 global financial 
crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic may result in models currently used by the OTP Group for credit assessment 
purposes being inadequate and may have a negative impact on the OTP Group’s ability to reliably assess default 
and credit migration risks. Future provisions for non-performing loans and an increase in the amount of 
allowances for credit impairments and credit impairments not covered by allowances could have a materially 
adverse effect on the Issuer and the OTP Group’s operating results.  
Furthermore, the provisions made by the OTP Group are based on currently available information and different 
forward looking macroeconomic scenarios and may, therefore, need to be increased as the Ukraine-Russia 
conflict further evolves, to cover additional losses emerging from the loan portfolio. The crisis may have further 
impact on the operations of the OTP Group which cannot currently be predicted or quantified and which may 
affect forward-looking information with regard to IFRS 9 provisions and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the exact impact is not yet quantifiable due to the uncertainty. 
The OTP Group is exposed to risks relating to the value and realisation of its security interests 
The OTP Group’s exposure arising from defaults by borrowers under loans can be counterbalanced, inter alia, 
by enforcement action taken to realise assets provided as security in respect of such loans. Therefore, the credit 
risk of the Issuer and the other OTP Group members may increase when the security it holds cannot be enforced 
or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount due and payable under the relevant loan. The 
market value at which collateralised assets can be sold, and thus the results of realisation through such 
enforcement actions, heavily depends on the then prevailing conditions of the market for such collateralised 
assets (such as, but not limited to, the real estate market) and the legal environment at the relevant time. A 
decline in the value of security taken by the Issuer or any member of the OTP Group, or the inability to obtain 
additional security may require the relevant member of the OTP Group (both at the level of the OTP Group’s 
individual members and on a consolidated basis) to reclassify the relevant loans, set aside additional provisions 
for loan losses and could result in increased reserve and/or capital requirements. As at 31 December 2022, 26 
per cent. of the OTP Group’s consolidated net loan book related to mortgage loan assets.  
In addition, the Issuer and certain members of the OTP Group permit their clients in certain transactions to 
purchase securities on margin (i.e. to borrow a proportion of the purchase price from the Issuer or the relevant 
member of the OTP Group and to provide collateral for such credit with a set percentage of the securities 
purchased). During declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing margin purchases may fall 
significantly below the amount of these clients’ indebtedness. The inability of such clients to provide additional 
collateral may expose the Issuer or the relevant member of the OTP Group to significant losses on these margin 
transactions. 
The ability of the Issuer and the other members of the OTP Group to enforce the security interests they have 
taken may be dependent on decisions of courts and applicable execution measures in the jurisdictions in which 
the OTP Group operates. Such ability may be adversely affected in the future by regulatory or governmental 
measures such as the imposition of further transitional moratoria, quota regimes imposed on evictions and 
enforcement sales outside of the court processes, such as the restrictions in relation to foreclosure proceedings 
against mortgaged properties that have been introduced by the Hungarian Government.  
Any failure to recover the expected value of the security taken by the Issuer, or other members of the OTP 
Group, may expose the Issuer and the other members of the OTP Group to losses, which may have a material

--- Page 26 ---
15 
adverse effect on the Issuer and the other members of the OTP Group’s businesses, financial condition and 
results of operations and ultimately its ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The OTP Group may be adversely affected by the risks associated with the integration of the OTP Group’s 
acquisitions  
The OTP Group’s recent acquisitions in the CEE region, the conclusion of its announced acquisition of Ipoteka 
Bank in Uzbekistan and the expansion and integration of its acquired businesses may have an impact upon the 
consolidated financial results of the Issuer. The ongoing integration also requires the Issuer to monitor the risk 
of these operations and incur continued capital expenditure, which may give rise to execution risk in respect of 
implementation. There is no assurance as to the future profitability of the Issuer’s acquisitions and their 
continued strategic viability as part of the OTP Group. 
The integration of these acquisitions has involved and will continue to involve integration challenges, 
particularly where management information and accounting systems differ materially from those used 
elsewhere in the OTP Group. Furthermore, the OTP Group may face unknown actual or potential liabilities 
arising from any of these acquisitions, which, in turn, may result in unexpected losses in relation to the acquired 
businesses and may impose further capital requirements on such subsidiaries. Unexpected losses or a failure to 
establish clear governance rules within the OTP Group and to align the strategies of the members of the OTP 
Group with the overall strategy of the OTP Group as a whole, as well as a failure to integrate the businesses of 
the OTP Group, could result in an inability to implement some or all of the OTP Group’s strategic goals or to 
fully realise expected synergies, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the OTP Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. Integration of the recent acquisitions also assumes higher attention 
and time spent by the management of the Issuer and the management of affected subsidiaries, which may result 
in decreased attention to the regular banking business and decreasing profitability. 
The OTP Group is dependent on customer deposits for liquidity 
In managing its liquidity risk, the OTP Group is dependent on external sources of funding through deposits and 
wholesale markets. The ability of the OTP Group to access these funding sources on favourable economic terms, 
or at all, in circumstances where the OTP Group’s financial condition and/or the economies in which the OTP 
Group operates substantially deteriorates, is subject to a variety of factors, including a number of factors outside 
of its control, such as liquidity constraints, general market conditions and the level of confidence in the OTP 
Group.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the OTP Group’s principal source of funds is customer deposits, 
particularly retail deposits. As at 31 December 2022, on a consolidated basis, customer deposits represented 85 
per cent. of total liabilities (77 per cent. of total assets) of the OTP Group.  
The availability of ongoing funding from customer deposits is subject to factors such as depositors’ concerns 
relating to the economy in general, the financial services industry and the OTP Group specifically, and any 
significant deterioration in economic conditions in the countries in which the OTP Group operates. Any of these 
factors separately or in combination could lead to a sustained reduction in the OTP Group’s ability to access 
customer deposit funding on appropriate terms in the future.  
If there is a material decrease in the OTP Group’s customer deposits or a large unexpected outflow of deposits, 
the OTP Group may not be able to maintain its current levels of funding without disposing of a number of the 
OTP Group’s assets or having to raise additional funding through other sources.  
Furthermore, should the OTP Group seek to diversify further its source of funds, for example through the 
issuance of Notes under this Programme, the OTP Group may be exposed to refinancing liquidity risks such 
that it is not able to refinance its liabilities on time or is only able to refinance such liabilities at a higher-than-
expected cost. Such refinancing risk could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and the other members

--- Page 27 ---
16 
of the OTP Group’s businesses, financial condition and results of operations and ultimately its ability to meet 
its obligations under the Notes. 
The OTP Group is exposed to risks associated with movements in interest rates 
The Issuer and certain members of the OTP Group earn interest from loans and other assets, and pay interest to 
its depositors and other creditors. The Issuer may fund its assets with fixed and/or relatively high interest rates, 
by liabilities obtained at floating and/or lower interest rates, and vice versa. Interest rate risk may also arise 
when interest rate fixing periods on assets and liabilities do not coincide. A mismatch of interest-earning assets 
and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may 
have a material adverse effect on the financial conditions and results of operations of the Issuer and the OTP 
Group. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer and other OTP Group members’ control, 
including monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. Changes in 
market interest rates (including changes in the difference between prevailing short-term and long-term rates) 
and correlations between changes in interest rates in the reference markets and those in interest margins could 
affect the interest rates the Issuer and certain members of the OTP Group charge on their interest-earning assets 
in a different way to the interest rates they pay on their interest-bearing liabilities. This difference could reduce 
the Issuer and other OTP Group members’ net interest income. In particular, as a result of the measures taken 
by governments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or related to the higher energy prices, there may be a 
significant increase in the level of fiscal deficit and state indebtedness in the countries in which the OTP Group 
operates which may, in turn, result in the cost of borrowing rising for the Issuer and other members of the OTP 
Group and consequently lower profitability or losses where the interest expenses of such members of the OTP 
Group exceed interest income received on their interest-earning assets. If interest rates remain higher than 
expected, the Issuer may face increased interest expenses which may have a material adverse effect on the 
financial conditions and results of operations of the Issuer and the OTP Group. 
The OTP Group could be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates 
The OTP Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk because the assets and the liabilities of the Issuer and the 
members of the OTP Group can be denominated in a currency different from those of the liabilities funding 
such assets. As at 31 December 2022, 31 per cent. of gross loans of the OTP Group and 31 per cent. of deposits 
of the OTP Group were in foreign currencies. As a result of the 2007/2009 global financial crisis, several 
countries in which members of the OTP Group operate practically prohibit retail foreign currency borrowing. 
However, the corporate sector in several countries in which members of the OTP Group operate still maintains 
a certain degree of foreign exchange rate risk. 
In addition, the Issuer and the OTP Group may become subject to governmental interventions and measures in 
the markets where they operate that aim to alleviate the effects of increased delinquency rates on foreign 
currency denominated loans granted to borrowers without matching foreign currency income as a result of the 
significant foreign exchange rate volatility in recent periods. 
Foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the HUF and the local currencies of the countries where the OTP 
Group operates may have an adverse effect on the consolidated balance sheet positions of the OTP Group and, 
in the longer term, on its consolidated financial results, which are stated in its functional currency, the HUF. 
The financial statements of the OTP Group’s subsidiaries located outside Hungary are stated in their respective 
local currencies and their financial results are converted into HUF for consolidation purposes. 
Furthermore, because some of the OTP Group’s consolidated risk-weighted assets, against which the OTP 
Group is required to hold a minimum level of capital, are denominated in local currencies, any significant 
depreciation of the currency in which such capital charges are denominated as against these local currencies 
may have a negative impact on the capital adequacy ratio of the Issuer and the OTP Group.

--- Page 28 ---
17 
The OTP Group is subject to the risk that the value of its assets could be impaired by market risks 
Fluctuations in debt and equity markets or changes in trading parameters influencing market prices (including, 
inter alia, interest rates, credit spreads, bond prices, other securities and commodities prices, derivatives prices, 
prices of other marketable assets, indirect indicators such as implied volatility of, and correlations between, the 
foregoing and general financial markets liquidity risks (e.g. the possibility of obtaining requisite funding or 
selling assets)) may affect the market value and liquidity of the Issuer and the OTP Group’s assets and may lead 
to impairment charge or write-down of goodwill. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may 
affect the Issuer and certain OTP Group members’ net revenue margin. 
The investment banking activities, revenues from trading operations (whether for its own account or for the 
account of its customers), asset-liability management activities and hedging strategies of the OTP Group (or the 
availability of such hedging strategies) may also be adversely affected by market volatility. 
Sustained market downturns may lead to a decline in the volume of capital market transactions that the OTP 
Group executes for its customers and, therefore, a decrease in the revenues from commissions and spreads 
earned from such trades. Furthermore, the fair value of financial instruments held by the OTP Group, including 
bonds (government, corporate and bank bonds), equity investments, cash in various foreign currencies, 
investments in private equity, hedge, credit and other investment funds, commodities and derivatives are also 
subject to the volatility of, and correlations between, market prices and trading parameters. To the extent that 
volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of the OTP Group’s bond, derivative and structured 
credit portfolios, as well as other classes, could fall more than estimated, and therefore cause the OTP Group to 
record write-downs. Furthermore, these developments may lead to material losses if the Issuer or members of 
the OTP Group cannot close out deteriorating positions. Monitoring the deterioration in the value of positions 
taken may, at the same time, be particularly difficult in the case of assets which are not traded on stock 
exchanges or on organised over-the-counter (“OTC”) markets, such as certain derivative contracts between 
banks, and whose value is calculated by using financial models, rather than on the basis of publicly quoted 
prices. 
Adverse market movements and/or a failure to identify and adequately manage any of the foregoing risks may 
have a negative impact on the OTP Group’s businesses, financial condition and results of operations, and thus 
on the Issuer’s ability to service its respective payment obligations under the Notes. 
The OTP Group is exposed to the risks associated with its approach to handling its non-performing loan 
portfolio 
Rather than selling its non-performing loans at distressed prices on a large scale, as is more commonly the 
practice among the OTP Group’s competitors, part of the OTP Group’s strategy has involved seeking to recover 
such non-performing loans by handling the process and management of non-performing loans in-house, as the 
OTP Group believes this can create value for shareholders while also maintaining relationships with its relevant 
customers. This in-house approach has, however, resulted in higher non-performing loan levels within the OTP 
Group as compared to the approach of selling non-performing loans to a third-party. The OTP Group may also 
be unable to maintain its past levels of recoveries on such non-performing loans which may impact its profits. 
Please see the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Description of the OTP Group’s Business” for further 
details regarding OTP Factoring Ltd. and the OTP Group’s non-performing loan portfolio. 
The OTP Group may be unable to raise new capital  
The OTP Group’s strategy is based on, among other things, certain financial expectations, including its ability 
to raise new capital and/or debt. Several factors, including the perceived creditworthiness of the OTP Group 
(including any credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any of its debt obligations) as well as adverse 
macroeconomic conditions, significant or unexpected changes in the regulation of the banking sector in

--- Page 29 ---
18 
Hungary and the CEE region, and loss of confidence by investors, counterparties and/or customers in the OTP 
Group, may affect the ability of the OTP Group to access the capital markets and/or the cost and other terms 
upon which the OTP Group is able to obtain market funding. 
The OTP Group’s profitability is subject to its customers’ demands to prepay 
The volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange rates will increase demands for prepayment among the 
Issuer’s customers, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s profitability. 
Prepayment risk means an increasingly significant exposure for the Issuer, especially due to the legislative 
provisions applicable to mortgage loans, which are granted to consumers. Pursuant to the Hungarian Consumer 
Credit Act, consumer borrowers are entitled at any time to discharge, in whole or in part, their obligations under 
their credit agreements, including mortgage-backed loans. Further, the provisions of the Consumer Credit Act 
impose limitations on the right of credit institutions to recover their losses and costs incurred as a consequence 
of a prepayment by consumer borrowers. This in turn requires more stringent asset-liability management, 
further increasing the cost of funding for the Issuer. 
Any legislative measures that may facilitate prepayments and/or early repayments by borrowers or impose 
further restrictions on the Issuer and the OTP Group’s ability to recoup possible losses from such prepayments 
and/or early repayments, such as an early repayment scheme for certain foreign currency denominated loans, 
may have an adverse effect on the businesses, financial condition and results of operations of the relevant 
member of the OTP Group. 
The OTP Group faces risks associated with the implementation of its business strategy 
The OTP Group intends to continue to explore and pursue opportunities to strengthen and grow its business 
generally. This includes the implementation of its digital transformation strategy. 
The success of the OTP Group’s business, financial position and results of operations, in general, depends, in 
part, on the success of new products and services offered to clients, including the shift to digitalisation pursuant 
to the OTP Group’s implementation of its digital transformation strategy. The OTP Group’s success is also 
dependent on its ability to anticipate and leverage new and existing technologies that may have an impact on 
products and services in the banking industry. Technological changes may further intensify and complicate the 
competitive landscape and influence client behaviour. If the OTP Group’s products and services employ 
technology that is not as attractive to clients as that employed by its competitors, if it fails to employ 
technologies desired by clients before its competitors do so, such as digitalisation, or if it fails to execute 
targeted strategic technology initiatives on time or on budget, its business, financial condition and results of 
operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if the OTP Group cannot respond in a timely fashion to the 
changing needs of its clients, it may lose clients, which could in turn materially adversely affect its financial 
condition and results of operations.  
There can be no assurance that the implementation of the OTP Group’s digital transformation strategy or other 
strategic initiatives will not be affected as a result of the potential impact of the COVID-19 crisis, or the Ukraine-
Russia conflict and the consequent sanctions imposed on Russia as further described in “Factors that may affect 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme – The Performance of 
the OTP Group is affected by adverse global political, economic and business conditions in the markets in 
which it operates”. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE OPERATIONAL AND COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT  
The OTP Group is exposed to the failure or malfunctioning of their information technology systems 
The Issuer and the OTP Group’s activities is dependent on highly sophisticated information technology (“IT”) 
systems. IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as computer virus infection, malicious

--- Page 30 ---
19 
hacking, physical damage to vital IT centres and software or hardware malfunctions. The Issuer cannot provide 
assurances that such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, they will be adequately 
addressed. The occurrence of any failures or interruptions could result in a loss of customer data and an inability 
to service the Issuer’s customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and the OTP Group’s 
reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, the Issuer and the OTP Group’s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission 
of confidential and other information in their computer systems and networks. Although the Issuer and the OTP 
Group take protective measures and endeavour to modify them as circumstances warrant, their computer 
systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorised access and other events that could have a 
security impact. Given the high volume of transactions of the Issuer and the OTP Group, certain errors may be 
repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. If one or more of such events occurs, this 
could potentially jeopardise the Issuer’s, the OTP Group’s, their clients’, counterparties’ or third parties’ 
confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the Issuer and the OTP 
Group’s computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in the Issuer’s and 
the OTP Group’s, their clients’, counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could result in significant 
losses or reputational damage. 
The OTP Group is subject to the risk that its risk management controls may not be effective 
The OTP Group has implemented comprehensive risk management strategies and systems aimed at adequately 
identifying and measuring the risks they face, such as the incidence of loan losses or delinquency, and at 
mitigating those risks. Although the Issuer and the OTP Group invest substantial time and effort in their risk 
management strategies and systems, such procedures may nonetheless fail under some circumstances, 
particularly when confronted with risks that are not identified or anticipated. 
Furthermore, the methods and models applied by the OTP Group for risk measurement and control only model 
reality and cannot, therefore, guarantee with any certainty that each and every risk in every circumstance will 
be identified, hedged and controlled. Any failure of the risk management system and strategies of the OTP 
Group may lead to unexpected losses from unidentified or incorrectly evaluated market developments, trends 
or other circumstances, which in turn may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The OTP Group’s information systems and networks are vulnerable to privacy or data protection failures 
and cyber-security risks 
The OTP Group is subject to regulation regarding the processing (including disclosure and use) of personal 
data. The OTP Group processes significant volumes of personal data relating to customers as part of its business, 
some of which may also be classified under legislation as sensitive personal data. The OTP Group must 
therefore comply with strict data protection and privacy laws and regulations.  
The OTP Group also faces the risk of a breach in the security of its IT systems, for example from increasingly 
sophisticated attacks by cybercrime groups with criminal or malicious intent, including attacks designed to 
overload the OTP Group’s systems. These risks are accentuated as the OTP Group increasingly digitalises its 
products, services, key functions and distribution channels and as cyber-attacks become more sophisticated and 
prevalent. The OTP Group is subject to the risk that any cyber-attack may result in data breaches and/or a 
temporary loss of operational availability of the OTP Group’s systems to its employees and/or customers which 
could have a material adverse effect on the OTP Group’s business, financial conditions, reputation and operating 
results. 
There is a risk that the OTP Group may not continue to invest sufficiently in its information security controls 
in response to emerging threats, such as cybercrime and fraud, and to seek to ensure that controls for known 
threats remain robust. The risks associated with cyber-attacks, where an individual or group seeks to exploit 
vulnerabilities in IT systems for financial gain or to disrupt services, are a material risk to the OTP Group.

--- Page 31 ---
20 
The OTP Group seeks to mitigate such risks, including by ensuring that systems and procedures are in place to 
ensure compliance with relevant regulations. There can, however, be no assurance that such security measures 
will be effective. 
The OTP Group is subject to risks associated with human resources 
The Issuer and the OTP Group are exposed to personnel risks, in particular, qualification, fluctuation, 
availability and motivation risks. The Issuer and the OTP Group’s current senior management team includes a 
number of executives who the Issuer believes contribute significant experience and expertise to their 
management in the banking sectors in which the Issuer operates. The continued success of the Issuer and the 
OTP Group’s businesses and the Issuer’s ability to execute its business strategy will depend, in large part, on 
the efforts of their senior management. Compensation is a key element of retaining highly qualified employees. 
At the same time, EU and Hungarian legislation imposes significant restrictions as to the remuneration policies 
that may be applied by credit institutions (such as the Issuer and other bank members of the OTP Group) 
including, inter alia, the requirement that remuneration policies be consistent with, and promote, sound and 
effective risk management, do not encourage risk-taking that exceeds the level of tolerated risk in respect of the 
relevant credit institution and distinguish between basic fixed remuneration and variable (or performance-
based) remuneration. If a substantial portion of the Issuer and the OTP Group’s senior management leaves the 
Issuer or the OTP Group, their business may be materially adversely affected. 
The OTP Group operates in markets where competition is high and this may increase significantly in the 
future 
The Issuer and other members of the OTP Group are subject to intense competition which is expected to increase 
further in the future with the implementation of the European single market in the financial services sector. 
Apart from local competitors, other international banks may enter the banking market in the markets in which 
OTP Group operates, thus increasing the pressure on profit margins of the Issuer and the OTP Group. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer and the other members of the OTP Group can maintain their 
competitive position. If the OTP Group is unable to provide competitive products and/or services, it may fail to 
attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest, fee and other income 
and/or lose market share, the occurrence of which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the OTP Group. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
The OTP Group is subject to changes to government policy and regulation  
In response to the severe market conditions arising from the 2007/2009 global financial crisis, central banks 
and governments throughout the world have adopted several measures aimed at increasing liquidity in, and 
promoting the stability of, the financial markets. In particular, numerous governments in the EU have provided 
additional capital and funding facilities to financial institutions and are implementing other measures including 
increased regulatory oversight and administrative restrictions as well as additional capital requirements. In 
Hungary, for example, special tax obligations were levied by the Hungarian Government on the financial sector 
in response to the global financial crisis, and these have become a permanent burden on this sector in the past 
years.  
Such measures partially lead to increased government ownership of, and control over, financial institutions, 
disparate competitive positions and further consolidation in the banking sector. Furthermore, a direct or indirect 
governmental acquisition of ownership in, or control over, financial institutions may result in interference with 
the business and commercial operations of the relevant financial institutions, which may include the imposition 
on such financial institutions (whether in the form of legislative measures, direct orders or guidance) of 
commercial, business, financial and transactional strategies and policies or the requirement to take up certain

--- Page 32 ---
21 
activities, which may be based (wholly or partially) on political or fiscal rather than rational, commercial or 
market-based considerations. No assurance can be given, for example, that the Hungarian Government will not 
acquire directly or indirectly (whether by contractual arrangements, operation of law, on the open market or 
otherwise) an ownership interest in, or control over, the Issuer or, if it does so, it will not interfere with the 
business and operations of the OTP Group. 
Although the members of the OTP Group work closely with their regulators and continuously monitor the 
situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control 
of the Issuer. 
Regulatory risk faced by the OTP Group is further increased by the fact that some operations of the OTP Group 
are carried out in non-EU countries whose financial and banking laws are not harmonised with the relevant EU 
legislation as implemented in the EU member states, which may give rise to significant differences or, in certain 
circumstances, conflicts between EU financial and banking laws (including their application and interpretation) 
and the laws of the relevant countries outside the EU. All this, in turn, creates uncertainty and may have a 
negative impact on the ability of the OTP Group to harmonise, and monitor the implementation of, its 
compliance policies and/or lead to increased compliance costs. 
Separately, the ability of the OTP Group to generate profit from its fund management subsidiary is subject to 
changes in regulations in the countries where it operates. This generally depends on the aggregate amount of 
assets under management and the level of management fees that may be charged for fund management by the 
OTP Group. Any governmental, legislative or regulatory measure that affects the amount of assets under 
management or imposes restrictions on the level of such fees may have an adverse effect on the profitability of 
the OTP Group’s fund management business. 
With regard to the pension fund management business, no assurance can be given that governments or 
legislative bodies in countries where the OTP Group operates will not adopt measures adversely affecting the 
profitability of the private pension fund management business. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, several countries in which the OTP Group has operations adopted 
measures granting payment moratoria for existing debtors, with application deadlines extended in several 
instances. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the application dates of these moratoria have already 
passed in all countries in which the OTP Group has operations. Credit institutions in Hungary (such as the Issuer) 
are also subject to special taxes, including a special tax on extraordinary profits levied in relation to the COVID-
19 crisis. Please see the sub-sections headed “Moratorium on loan payments in the agricultural sector” in the 
“Description of the OTP Group's Business – Recent developments – Impact of COVID-19” section of this Base 
Prospectus for further details on statutory payment moratoria in the agricultural sector. Regulatory and 
supervisory bodies in countries in which the OTP Group has operations have also adopted other measures and 
may adopt further measures (including, inter alia, tighter exchange control regulations, more stringent foreign 
exchange related liquidity ratio requirements, bans or restrictions on dividend payments, freezing of 
enforcement procedures and mortgage repossessions, introduction of interest rate caps on certain customer 
lending products and the temporary suspension of new lending), aimed at promoting the stability of the financial 
markets or aiding customers in a distressed situation. 
Any of the foregoing may have an adverse effect on the OTP Group’s businesses, financial condition and results 
of operations.  
The OTP Group is exposed to changes in the mandatory deposit guarantee and investor compensation 
schemes 
With effect from 1 January 2011, the guarantee provided by the National Deposit Insurance Fund (“Országos 
Betétbiztosítási Alap”) (the “Fund”) on so-called “registered” (“névre szóló”) bank account deposits (as defined

--- Page 33 ---
22 
in the Hungarian Credit Institutions Act) placed with the domestic credit institutions (being members of the 
Fund) was extended to an aggregate amount of €100,000 per depositor. This is in line with the requirements of 
Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes. Such 
directive requires, inter alia, faster payouts and additional ex-post contributions by credit institutions under 
mandatory deposit guarantee schemes. On this basis, from 1 January 2021 the deadline for a payout from the 
Fund was reduced from 15 days to 10 days. 
Any future changes in the laws governing the Fund could increase the OTP Group’s membership costs or, if 
they are perceived as adverse by the OTP Group’s customers, could expose the Issuer to the risk of losing 
customers to competitors which could adversely affect the OTP Group’s businesses or reputation. For the 
avoidance of doubt, investors in the Notes should be aware that the Notes are not covered by the Fund. 
For further information on recent developments regarding extraordinary contribution to the Funds, please refer 
to the “Description of the OTP Group's Business - Recent developments – Winding up of Sberbank Hungary” 
section of this Base Prospectus.  
Loss absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer and resolution 
The establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms is regulated by Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (the 
“BRRD”). The aim of the BRRD is to provide relevant authorities with common tools and powers to address 
banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to 
losses. The BRRD was implemented in Hungary by Act XXXVII of 2014 on the further development of the 
institutional system strengthening the security of certain participants of the financial intermediation system (the 
“Resolution Act”). 
The powers provided to resolution authorities in the Resolution Act include write-down powers to ensure 
relevant capital instruments fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution. 
Accordingly, the Resolution Act sets out that resolution authorities may write down such capital instruments 
(including the Tier 2 Capital Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) in full on a permanent basis, or convert 
them in full into common equity tier 1 instruments, at the point of non-viability of the Issuer or the OTP Group 
and before other resolution measures are implemented (“Non-Viability Loss Absorption”), including the bail-
in tool described below. The Resolution Act provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise the 
write-down power in relation to Non-Viability Loss Absorption in a way that results in (i) common equity tier 
1 instruments being written down first in proportion to the relevant losses and (ii) thereafter, the principal 
amount of relevant capital instruments (including the Tier 2 Capital Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
being reduced to zero on a permanent basis. 
For the purposes of Non-Viability Loss Absorption, the point of non-viability under the Resolution Act is the 
point at which (i) the institution or the group is failing or is likely to fail and (ii) having regard to timing and 
other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any action other than the write-down or 
conversion of capital instruments, independently or in combination with a resolution action, would prevent the 
failure of the institution or the group within a reasonable timeframe. 
The MNB in its capacity as the resolution authority (the “Resolution Authority”) must implement resolution 
measures, if (i) the Resolution Authority determines that the institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) in the 
view of the Resolution Authority, no other action can prevent the failure of the institution and (iii) in the view 
of the Resolution Authority, the resolution measures are required by public interest. 
Additionally, the Resolution Authority may, as a bail-in tool write down the claims of unsecured creditors of a 
failing institution and to convert unsecured debt claims (including those of the Noteholders) into equity under 
the Resolution Act. This bail-in tool provides the Resolution Authority with broad powers, including the power

--- Page 34 ---
23 
to cancel a bank’s existing shares or severely dilute existing shareholdings, including with respect to any shares 
issued or conferred upon conversion of capital instruments to common equity tier 1 instruments pursuant to 
Non-Viability Loss Absorption. The Resolution Act provides that a write-down resulting from the use of the 
bail-in tool would, in summary, follow the ordinary allocation of losses and ranking in an insolvency of the 
relevant institution. 
In addition to Non-Viability Loss Absorption, the Resolution Act provides the Resolution Authority with 
broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed banks, which may include 
(without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to 
trading of financial instruments (including, in each case, the Notes). 
If the Resolution Authority were to exercise such powers in respect of the Issuer, then existing shareholders 
and/or subordinated debt holders, including holders of the Notes, may experience dilution of, or losses on, their 
holdings and may not receive any compensation for their losses. In addition, in a resolution situation, financial 
public support will only be available to the Issuer as a last resort after the resolution authorities have assessed 
and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. Given that the 
purpose of resolution tools is to minimise any reliance on financial public support, there can be no assurance 
that any such financial public support will be forthcoming. However, see also the risk factor titled “The OTP 
Group is subject to changes to government policy and regulation” above. 
The Resolution Act, in line with the BRRD, empowers the Resolution Authority to require credit institutions to 
have sufficient amount and quality own funds, which in case of emergency can be partially or entirely subject 
to bail-in or conversion measures. The relevant powers of the MNB are specified in Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 (the “MREL Regulation”) supplementing the BRRD with regard to regulatory 
technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities (known as “MREL”). Further requirements are specified by the policies of 
the Single Resolution Board and the MNB. 
The Issuer intends to apply the proceeds of the Notes, among other things, towards establishing own funds and 
eligible liabilities which satisfy the requirements of the MREL Regulation. There is no assurance that the MREL 
Regulation will not be changed or the regulator’s policies will not be tightened in the future which may 
consequently have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer 
and the OTP Group. Breaching binding MREL requirement due the Issuer’s inability to access capital markets 
resulting from their temporary or prolonged closure, or to any other reason, may have negative implications on 
the Issuer, such as request from the Resolution Authority to submit MREL restoration plan or imposed capital 
distribution penalties. 
In addition, the European Commission has adopted reforms to the BRRD in order to, among other things, 
implement in the EU the Financial Stability Board’s total loss absorbing capacity standard (“TLAC”) by 
adapting the existing regime relating to MREL, i.e. Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (“BRRD II”). 
BRRD II was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019, with entry into force 20 
days following that publication. BRRD II has been transposed into Hungarian law by way of an amendment to 
the Resolution Act. In addition, national regulators have until 1 January 2024 at the latest to impose full MREL 
requirements on firms.

--- Page 35 ---
24 
The OTP Group will be required to maintain a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, the BRRD requires that all institutions must 
meet the MREL which may be bailed-in, calculated as a percentage of its total risk exposure amount and total 
exposure measure and set by the relevant resolution authorities. Items eligible for inclusion in MREL will 
include an institution’s own funds, along with “eligible liabilities”. 
The MNB, together with the resolution authorities of countries where members of the OTP Group are 
established (the “Resolution College”), has revised the consolidated minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (“MREL requirement”) of the Issuer. The consolidated MREL requirement has to be met 
by 1 January 2024, following a one year transitional period. The determination of the MREL requirement has 
been revised to 19.12 per cent. of the OTP Group’s total risk exposure amount (“TREA” or “RWA”) and 5.74 
per cent. of the OTP Group’s total exposure measure (“TEM”). 
Pursuant to Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures ( “CRD V”), the Issuer has to meet the combined buffer requirement in addition to the TREA based 
MREL requirement on 1 January 2024 as institutions shall not use CET1 capital, that is maintained to meet the 
combined buffer requirement, to meet the risk-based component of the MREL requirement. The MREL 
requirement is to be reviewed at least once a year. 
In line with BRRD II, the MNB determined a mandatory intermediate target for the MREL requirement that the 
OTP Group has to comply with from 1 January 2022. The intermediate target level for the MREL requirement 
was determined as 14.45 per cent. of the OTP Group’s TREA and 5.89 per cent. of the OTP Group’s TEM. 
The MNB informed the Issuer that subordination requirements will also be applicable to the Issuer. The 
minimum level of subordination for the Issuer will be 13.5 per cent. of the OTP Group’s TREA, 5 per cent. of 
the OTP Group’s TEM and 8 per cent. of the OTP Group’s total liabilities and own funds (“TLOF”). 
Subordination requirements shall be met from 16 December 2024 by using own funds and subordinated eligible 
liabilities. 
These factors may have an adverse effect on the funding plans and costs of the OTP Group and, as a result, its 
net interest income. 
For further information on MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer please refer to the section entitled 
"Financial Performance of the OTP Group - Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities".  
The OTP Group is exposed to litigation risk 
The Issuer and the OTP Group may from time to time be subject to litigation, whether of a substantive or 
vexatious nature. Such litigation, if not dismissed at an early stage or decided contrary to the best commercial 
interests of the Issuer or the OTP Group may have an adverse impact on the operations of the Issuer or the OTP 
Group. Furthermore, such cases may include claims or actions in which the petitioner or plaintiff has not 
specifically, or not in whole, quantified the penalties or damages sought. In these circumstances, it may, in 
particular, be difficult to predict the outcome of a dispute and estimate possible losses in a reliable manner and, 
therefore, to set aside adequate provisions for such possible losses. 
The OTP Group is exposed to the risk of fraud and illegal activities 
The OTP Group is subject to rules and regulations related to money laundering, anti-bribery and terrorism 
financing. Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti-terrorist financing rules entails 
significant cost and effort, including obtaining information from clients and other third parties. Non-compliance 
with these rules may have serious consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences.

--- Page 36 ---
25 
Although the OTP Group has anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing policies and 
procedures which aim to ensure compliance with applicable legislation and strive for zero tolerance of any 
violations, it may not always be successful in identifying all instances of suspicious activity, fraud or human 
error and, therefore, may not be able to comply at all times with all rules applicable to money laundering, anti-
bribery and terrorism financing as extended to the whole OTP Group and applied to its workers in all 
circumstances. As a general statement, a violation, or even any suspicion of a violation, of any of these rules 
may have serious legal and financial consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the OTP 
Group’s reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The OTP Group is subject to compliance with economic sanctions programmes 
The OTP Group’s operations are subject to various anti-corruption laws and constantly changing economic 
sanction programmes, including those administered by the United Nations, the UK and the EU, as well as those 
of the United States Department of Treasury’s Office for Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). In addition, the 
OTP Group’s Russian operation is also subject to various Russian countersanctions. The anti-corruption laws 
generally prohibit providing anything of value for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing 
any improper business advantage. As part of its business, the OTP Group may deal with entities whose 
employees are considered government officials. In addition, economic sanctions programmes restrict the OTP 
Group’s business dealings with certain sanctioned countries, individuals and entities. In particular, the OTP 
Group is exposed to risks in relation to the EU’s and OFAC’s economic sanctions programme against Russia 
and Ukraine, and certain Russian and Ukrainian citizens and businesses due to its presence in the mentioned 
countries.  The Issuer cannot give any assurance that the current sanctions regimes directed at Russia will not 
have a material impact on the OTP Group’s operations in Russia. 
Although the OTP Group has internal policies and procedures and several monitoring measures designed to 
ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations, these policies and procedures 
cannot provide complete assurance that the OTP Group’s employees, directors, officers, clients, partners, 
agents, service providers or introducers will not take actions in violation of its policies and procedures (or 
otherwise in violation of the relevant anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations) for which the Issuer or 
they may be ultimately held responsible. Litigation or investigations relating to alleged or suspected violations 
of anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations could lead to financial penalties being imposed on the OTP 
Group, limits being placed on the OTP Group’s activities, the OTP Group’s authorisations and licences being 
revoked, damage to the OTP Group’s reputation and other consequences that could have a material adverse 
effect on the OTP Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, violations of anti-
corruption laws and sanctions regulations could be costly. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to a particular structure of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme and some Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain risks relating to particular 
structures of Notes: 
An investor assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer intends to use the proceeds of any Tier 2 Capital Notes, among other things, as part of its Tier 2 
capital and such Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 instruments as specified in Article 63 of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR"). It cannot be excluded that on the basis of a future law 
(including any EU regulation substituting the CRR) or as a result of the interpretation of the laws by the MNB

--- Page 37 ---
26 
such qualification would need to be changed and thus result in reduced regulatory capital levels. Upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the Notes at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification Event) (see “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Notes – The 
Notes may be subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain regulatory 
events”). 
On 6 November 2006, the Issuer issued EUR 500,000,000 fixed to floating rate perpetual subordinated notes 
(ISIN: XS0274147296) (the “2006 Notes”) (approximately EUR 269,035,000 in principal amount of the 2006 
Notes had been repurchased by the Issuer and other members of the OTP Group as of 31 December 2022). On 
the basis of a ruling of the MNB dated 21 May 2014, the 2006 Notes are for the time being treated as Tier 2 
instruments under the CRR. As set out in the Conditions, the Issuer and the Noteholders intend that the rights 
and claims of the Holders of any Tier 2 Capital Notes against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, such 
Notes be in priority to the Issuer’s obligations under the 2006 Notes. However, it cannot be excluded that a 
liquidator (in the event of the liquidation/involuntary winding-up of the Issuer), or the Hungarian courts, as the 
case may be, may take the view that the 2006 Notes should be treated as ranking equally with the Tier 2 Capital 
Notes. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Tier 2 Capital Notes are unsecured and subordinated and the 
claims of Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes also rank after more senior creditors 
The Tier 2 Capital Notes will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. On a Winding-
Up of the Issuer, all claims in respect of the Tier 2 Capital Notes will rank junior to all Senior Claims. If, on a 
liquidation of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more 
senior-ranking creditors in full, the Holders will lose their entire investment in the Tier 2 Capital Notes. If there 
are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient 
assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Tier 2 Capital Notes and all other 
claims that rank pari passu with the Tier 2 Capital Notes in full, Holders will lose some (which may be 
substantially all) of their investment in the Tier 2 Capital Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes shall, in a liquidation of the Issuer, have no 
claim in respect of the surplus assets (if any) of the Issuer remaining in any liquidation following payment of 
all amounts due in respect of the liabilities of the Issuer. 
Although the Tier 2 Capital Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than securities which are not subordinated, 
there is a substantial risk that investors in the Tier 2 Capital Notes will lose all or some of the value of their 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent or subject to any of the resolution tools or the write-down or 
conversion powers in the Resolution Act. 
The claims of Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank after the claims of Holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer but before the claims of Holders of the Tier 2 
Capital Notes. The same risks are therefore also applicable to Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as 
those set out above. 
If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but 
insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Notes and all other 
claims that rank pari passu with the relevant Series of Notes, Holders of such Notes will lose some (which may 
be substantially all) of their investment in such Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holders of the Notes 
shall, in a liquidation of the Issuer, have no claim in respect of the surplus assets (if any) of the Issuer remaining 
in any liquidation following payment of all amounts due in respect of the liabilities of the Issuer. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had, on a stand-alone basis, total liabilities (excluding the existing Tier 2 
debt securities which is HUF 294 billion) of HUF 14,590 billion, all of which rank senior to the Tier 2 Capital

--- Page 38 ---
27 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its 
obligations, investors investing in the Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire investment.  
Holders are also subject to the provisions of the Resolution Act relating to, inter alia, the write down or 
conversion of capital instruments and the bail-in of liabilities as described under “Loss absorption at the point 
of non-viability of the Issuer and resolution”. 
Holders may not require the redemption of the Notes prior to their maturity 
Save where the Holders have a put right, the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem Notes at any time prior to 
their stated Maturity Date and the Holders of such Notes have no right to require the Issuer to redeem or 
purchase such Notes at any time. Any redemption, purchase substitution or variation of such Notes by the Issuer 
will be subject always to Supervisory Permission and to compliance with prevailing Regulatory Capital 
Requirements or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes, Loss Absorption 
Regulations, and the Holders may not be able to sell such Notes in the secondary market (if at all) at a price 
equal to or higher than the price at which they purchased their Notes. Accordingly, investors in such Notes 
should be prepared to hold their Notes for a significant period of time. 
Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will, and Holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes may, have limited remedies 
The remedies available to Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred 
Notes where the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 14(b) (Tier 2 Capital Notes, Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (Restricted Default)) applies, are limited. 
Holders may not at any time demand repayment or redemption of such Notes, although in a Winding-Up the 
Holders will have a claim for an amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes plus any accrued interest. 
The sole remedy in the event of any non-payment of principal or interest under such Notes, subject to certain 
conditions as described in Condition 14 (Enforcement), is that a Holder may institute proceedings for the 
winding-up of the Issuer and/or prove for any payment obligations of the Issuer arising under the Notes in any 
winding-up or other insolvency proceedings in respect of such non-payment. 
The remedies under such Notes are more limited than those typically available to the Issuer’s unsubordinated 
creditors, including Holders of Senior Preferred Notes where the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 
14(b) (Tier 2 Capital Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (Restricted Default)) does 
not apply. For further details regarding the limited remedies of the Holders, see Condition 14 (Enforcement). 
The Notes may be subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of certain 
regulatory events 
Subject to obtaining prior Supervisory Permission and to compliance with prevailing Regulatory Capital 
Requirements and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, Loss Absorption 
Regulations, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the Tier 2 Capital Notes, the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or the Senior Preferred Notes (unless, in the case of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
the Senior Preferred Notes, “Senior Notes: Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption” is specified 
to be “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms) at their principal amount plus interest accrued and unpaid 
from and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date up to but excluding the relevant 
redemption date upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event, as applicable, at any time. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of such Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes or there is a perception that the Issuer is able to redeem the Notes, the 
market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.

--- Page 39 ---
28 
Further, during periods when there is an increased likelihood, or perceived increased likelihood, that such Notes 
will be redeemed early, the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected.  
If the Issuer redeems such Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes 
may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes or 
when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which latter case Holders may only be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
It is not possible to predict whether the events referred to above will occur and lead to circumstances in which 
the Issuer may elect to redeem such Notes, and if so whether the Issuer will satisfy the conditions, or elect, to 
redeem the Notes. The Issuer may be more likely to exercise its option to redeem the Notes if the Issuer’s 
funding costs would be lower than the prevailing interest rate payable in respect of the Notes. If such Notes are 
so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Holders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Notes.  
Waiver of set-off 
The Holders waive any right of set-off in relation to such Notes insofar as permitted by applicable law. 
Therefore, Holders of Notes will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-off the Issuer’s obligations 
under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer.  
The Notes may be modified or substituted by the Issuer without the consent of the Holders in certain 
circumstances, subject to certain restrictions 
Unless the relevant substitution and variation provisions are marked “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event of certain specified events relating to taxation (a “Tax Event”) or following the occurrence 
of a Capital Disqualification Event or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, as applicable, the Issuer may 
(subject to certain conditions) at any time substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms 
of the Notes so that they remain or become (as applicable) Qualifying Tier 2 Securities or Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes, as applicable, without the consent of the Holders. 
Qualifying Tier 2 Securities and Loss Absorption Compliant Notes must have terms not materially less 
favourable to Holders than the terms of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with 
an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing. However, there can be no assurance that, due 
to the particular circumstances of a Holder of Notes, such Qualifying Tier 2 Securities or Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes will be as favourable to each investor in all respects or that, if it were entitled to do so, a 
particular investor would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the Qualifying 
Tier 2 Securities or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes are not materially less favourable to holders than the 
terms of the Notes. In addition, the Issuer may make changes to Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers) of the Notes to ensure that Noteholders are bound by the exercise of Bail-in Powers 
(among other things) even if this is not favourable to them and even if it results in a change to the governing 
law of Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) (which, on issue of the Notes, 
is English law). Further, the tax and stamp duty consequences could be different for Holders of Notes once such 
Notes have been varied or substituted as described above.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
29 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. 
On the First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the 
sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate or CMT Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) 
(with such sum converted (if necessary) to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the relevant Notes) such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate being a “Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest”). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Reset Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest rate may affect the secondary market in, and 
the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower overall interest return for 
Noteholders. If the Notes are converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
If the Notes are converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate in such circumstances may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes. 
Market disruption 
In certain situations, interest on Notes is determined by reference to market information sources. Such market 
information sources might become unavailable for various reasons, including suspensions or limitations on 
trading, events which affect or impair the ability of market participants in general, or early closure of market 
institutions. These could be caused by, among other things, physical threats to the publishers of the market 
information sources, market institutions or market participants in general, or unusual trading, or matters such 
as currency changes. 
In respect of a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed/Floating Rate Note or a Reset Note (where the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined by reference to a screen rate, such as the euro interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”)), if such 
Reference Rate does not appear on the relevant screen page or if the relevant screen page is not available for 
any reason, the Issuer will request each of the Reference Banks, appointed by the Issuer, to provide the Issuer 
with its offered quotation to leading banks for the Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the applicable 
Rate of Interest. However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to appoint one or more 
Reference Banks to provide offered quotations and no Reference Banks have been appointed at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Condition 5 (Reset Note Provisions) and Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) set out 
fallback provisions if fewer than the requisite number of Reference Banks are appointed. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Benchmark Reform 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, which are deemed to be “benchmarks” 
(including EURIBOR) are subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause

--- Page 41 ---
30 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a benchmark. The Benchmark Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within 
the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Fallbacks under the Conditions of the Notes 
The Conditions also provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs. The 
Issuer may, after appointing and consulting with an Independent Adviser, determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate may result in the Notes performing differently (including paying a lower rate of 
interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may 
vary the Conditions, as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread 
will be determined to be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. Accordingly, while any Adjustment 
Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the 
Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply. However, there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread will be determined or applied, or that the 
application of an Adjustment Spread will either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. If no 
positive or negative Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless 
be used to determine the Reset Rate of Interest. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, the Notes. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, in the case of Reset Notes, the application of the previous Reset Rate for the preceding Reset 
Period, or for the First Reset Rate of Interest, the application off the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such 
Notes on the Interest Commencement Date or a rate based on Condition 5(d) (Fallback-Mid-Swap Rate) or 
Condition 5(e) (Fallback – CMT Rate).

--- Page 42 ---
31 
However, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the Conditions will be made pursuant to the Conditions if, and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes 
as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable). Such a determination may result in the Notes 
performing differently than would otherwise have been the case prior to the Benchmark Event and there is a 
risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Moreover, any of the 
above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of the Original Reference Rate could 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to near risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which 
are possible reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to near risk-free rates (“risk-free 
rates”), such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and the euro short-term rate (“€STR”), as 
reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. Dollar and euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and 
the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek 
to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as 
they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. The market or a significant part thereof 
may over time adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions 
and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under this Programme. If the relevant 
risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading price of such Notes 
linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing rates that are more widely used. The 
Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SOFR, SOFR Compounded 
Index or €STR referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference 
rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-
free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes linked to 
such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology 
for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could 
change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Investors

--- Page 43 ---
32 
in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or €STR. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, 
risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank 
offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. 
For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SOFR or €STR become due and payable under 
Condition 14 (Enforcement) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption. 
Administrators of SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR, or €STR 
or discontinue SOFR or €STR respectively  
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) as administrators 
of SOFR (and SOFR Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by 
which such rates and/or indices are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
such rates and/or indices, or timing related to the publication of SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or €STR. In 
addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index or €STR, in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will

--- Page 44 ---
33 
apply in accordance with the Conditions. An administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes that have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a Holder who (as a result of trading such amounts) holds an 
amount that is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount that is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not 
receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
The application of the net proceeds of Sustainable Finance Notes as described in “Use of Proceeds” may not 
meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
Prospective investors in any Notes where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Final Terms are 
stated to be for “green” or “social” purposes as described in “Use of Proceeds” below (“Green Notes” and 
“Social Notes”, respectively, and together, the “Sustainable Finance Notes”), should have regard to the 
information in “Use of Proceeds” regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Sustainable Finance Notes and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Sustainable Finance Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular 
no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible 
Loan Portfolio (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section below) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “social” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “social” or such other 
equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time 
or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. 
A basis for the determination of such “green” project definition has been established in the European Union 
with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy”), which is subject to phased implementation. The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to 
further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations 
of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation. Until the technical screening criteria for the objectives of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
have been finalised, it is not known whether the Issuer’s Sustainable Financing Framework (as defined below) 
will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or the proposed 
European Green Bond Standard is not certain and no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loan Portfolio will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse

--- Page 45 ---
34 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loan Portfolio. In addition, the criteria for what constitutes an Eligible 
Loan Portfolio may be changed from time to time.  
Provisional political agreement has been reached in February 2023 on the legislative proposal for a European 
Green Bond Standard, which will be a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds (such as certain 
Sustainable Finance Notes) where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. However, the provisional political agreement remains subject to change and 
there is no assurance if or when such European Green Bond Standard will be confirmed and adopted by the 
European Council and European Parliament. Any Green Notes issued under this programme will not be aligned 
with such European Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set out in 
the Issuer’s Sustainable Financing Framework only. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European 
Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented, may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use 
of proceeds bonds (such as certain Sustainable Finance Notes) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce 
demand and liquidity for Sustainable Finance Notes and their price.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may 
or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Sustainable Finance Notes and in particular 
with any Eligible Loan Portfolio to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Base Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Sustainable Finance Notes. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date 
it was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Sustainable Finance Notes. Currently, the 
providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any Sustainable Finance Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Sustainable Finance Notes or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainable Finance Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any Sustainable Finance Notes and obtain and 
publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in “Use of Proceeds”, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do this. Nor can there 
be any assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loan Portfolio 
will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Finance Notes for any Eligible 
Loan Portfolio or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, as well as 
the existence of any potential mismatch between the duration of the Eligible Loan Portfolio and the Sustainable

--- Page 46 ---
35 
Finance Notes will not (i) constitute an event of default under the relevant Sustainable Finance Notes, or (ii) 
give rise to any other claim or right of a holder of such Sustainable Finance Notes against the Issuer, or (iii) 
lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in deciding whether 
or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment 
of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for MREL purposes if such Notes are also Tier 2 Capital 
Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be.  
The Sustainable Finance Notes are issued subject to their applicable terms and conditions including, without 
limitation, in relation to their status, interest payments, redemption and events of default as described in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and the relevant Final Terms, regardless of the issue of such Notes as 
Sustainable Finance Notes. The Sustainable Finance Notes are further subject to any Bail-in Tool and Non-
Viability Loss Absorption that may be imposed in exactly the same manner as for any other Notes (including 
where such Notes are also Tier 2 Capital Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
Similarly, any Sustainable Finance Notes, as for any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR 
eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, the 
proceeds of Sustainable Finance Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities may be used to cover losses 
in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green” or “social” label. 
Further, the performance of the Sustainable Finance Notes will in no circumstances be linked to the performance 
of any Eligible Loan Portfolio that may be identified by the Issuer and no segregation of assets and liabilities 
regarding any Sustainable Finance Notes or Eligible Loan Portfolio will occur at any time. Payments of 
principal and interest on any Sustainable Finance Notes shall not depend on the performance of any Eligible 
Loan Portfolio nor will holders of any Sustainable Finance Notes have any preferred right against the assets of 
any Eligible Loan Portfolio. 
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters 
for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, 
and/or any such Sustainable Finance Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Sustainable Finance 
Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks relating to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
The Notes are not ‘protected liabilities’ for the purposes of any government compensation scheme 
The Notes are not guaranteed or insured by any government, government agency or compensation scheme of 
the Hungary or any other jurisdiction. Further, as part of the reforms required by BRRD, amendments were 
made to relevant legislation in Hungary to establish in the insolvency hierarchy a statutory preference (i) firstly, 
for deposits that are insured by the Hungarian depositor protection scheme the National Deposit Insurance Fund 
(“insured deposits”) and (ii) secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium sized 
enterprises held in EEA or non-EEA branches of an EEA bank (“other preferred deposits”). All such preferred 
deposits will rank in the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer, 
including the Holders of the Notes. Insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool. 
There is no limit on the amount or type of further bonds or other indebtedness that the Issuer may issue, 
incur or guarantee 
There is no restriction on the amount of notes, bonds or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of any such Notes

--- Page 47 ---
36 
or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Holders during a 
winding-up or administration or resolution of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not contain any restriction on the Issuer issuing securities that may 
have preferential rights to the Notes or securities with similar or different provisions to those described herein. 
The Issuer may not be liable to pay certain taxes 
All payments of principal, interest and any other amounts in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall (a) 
in the case of each Series of Senior Preferred Notes unless the relevant Final Terms expressly specifies “Senior 
Preferred Notes: Gross-up of principal” as “Not Applicable”, in respect of payments of interest (if any) or 
principal or (b) in the case of all Tier 2 Capital Notes and all Senior Non-Preferred, in respect of payments of 
interest (if any) only and not principal, pay such Additional Amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions as described in Condition 13 (Taxation). 
Potential investors should be aware that neither the Issuer nor any other person will be liable for or otherwise 
obliged to pay, and the Noteholders and Couponholders will be liable for and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, 
withholding or other payment whatsoever which may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, 
any transfer and/or any payment in respect of the Notes, except as provided for in Condition 13 (Taxation). 
Changes in law may adversely affect the rights of Holders 
Changes in law after the date hereof may affect the rights of Holders as well as the market value of the Notes. 
The Conditions are based on English and Hungarian law in effect as of the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Hungarian 
law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include 
changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which may have an adverse effect 
on an investment in the Notes. 
In addition, any change in law or regulation that triggers a Tax Event, a Capital Disqualification Event or a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event would, in the case of certain Notes, entitle the Issuer, at its option (subject 
to, among other things, obtaining prior Supervisory Permission), to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, 
as provided under Condition 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event), 10(d) (Redemption for Capital Disqualification 
Event) or 10(e) (Redemption for Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), as the case may be. 
Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also affect an investor’s ability to accurately value the Notes 
and, therefore, affect the trading price of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more 
regulatory or legislative changes, including those described above, could have on the Notes. 
Judgments entered against Hungarian entities in the courts of a state which is not subject to the Brussels 
Regulations, the Lugano Convention or the Hague Convention may not be enforceable in Hungary 
Hungarian courts normally recognise foreign judgments provided that the foreign courts had jurisdiction under 
the rules set out in Act XXVIII of 2017 on private international law. 
However, a judgment entered against a company incorporated in Hungary in the courts of a state which is not, 
under the terms of: (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters (the “2012 Brussels Regulation”); (ii) Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000 on 
jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the “2000

--- Page 48 ---
37 
Brussels Regulation”); (iii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments 
in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the “Lugano Convention”); or (iv) the 
Hague Choice of Court Convention of 30 June 2005 (the “Hague Convention”) a Member State (as defined in 
the 2012 Brussels Regulation and the 2000 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the 
Lugano Convention and the Hague Convention), may not be automatically enforceable in Hungary, as a matter 
of law without a retrial on its merits.  
An English court judgment entered against the Issuer in relation to any Notes would be enforceable in 
accordance with sections 109 and 113 of the Act XXVIII of 2017 on private international law. These provisions 
set out that a final and binding money judgment of a foreign court would be recognised by Hungarian courts, if 
the respective contracting parties previously duly agreed to submit their disputes to the jurisdiction of that 
foreign court. However, the wording of the relevant provisions leave the question open for interpretation as to 
whether the Hungarian courts may exercise some form of discretion when it comes to a decision on the 
recognition and enforceability of foreign judgments for payment of money in the absence of reciprocity 
(currently, there is no reciprocity between England and Hungary) if the relevant judgment is based on the choice 
of forum agreement of the respective parties. 
In addition, judicial enforcement in Hungary is subject to standard exceptions to recognition such that the 
enforcement of a court judgment of the English courts would be refused if: (i) such judgment conflicts with 
public policy in Hungary; (ii) the losing party in the relevant case or its authorised representative did not 
participate in the proceedings because such party did not have proper or timely notice of the proceedings; (iii) 
the proceedings were commenced in Hungary before they were commenced in the England; (iv) Hungarian 
courts (or relevant Hungarian authorities) have already determined the matter (res judicata); or (v) foreign 
courts have already determined the matter and such judgment is eligible for recognition in Hungary (irrespective 
of whether such eligible judgment is actually sought to be enforced in Hungary). 
It is also noted that most of the foreign judgments have been recognised and enforced in Hungary based on 
either the Brussels Regulation or international treaties since the entry into force of Act XXVIII of 2017 on 
private international law and, therefore, very limited interpretation and court cases are available regarding 
recognition and enforcing of foreign judgments where no international treaty/EU regulation is applicable and 
no reciprocity is available. 
As a result, there is a risk that a judgment of the courts of England and Wales entered against the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes may not be enforceable or may take longer to enforce, and any such enforcement is largely 
untested in Hungary. 
A downgrade of the credit rating assigned by any credit rating agency to the Issuer or, if applicable, to 
the Notes could adversely affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes. Credit ratings downgrades 
could occur as a result of, among other causes, changes in the ratings methodologies used by credit 
rating agencies 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by credit rating agencies and may in the future be 
rated by additional credit rating agencies, although the Issuer is under no obligation to ensure that any Notes 
issued by them under the Programme are rated by any credit rating agency. Credit ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in these Risk Factors and 
other factors that may affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the credit rating agency at any 
time. 
Any rating assigned to the Issuer and/or, if applicable, the Notes may be withdrawn entirely by a credit rating 
agency, may be suspended or may be lowered, if, in that credit rating agency’s judgment, circumstances relating 
to the basis of the rating so warrant. Ratings may be impacted by a number of factors which can change over

--- Page 49 ---
38 
time, including the credit rating agency’s assessment of: the Issuer’s strategy and management’s capability; the 
Issuer’s financial condition including in respect of capital, funding and liquidity; competitive and economic 
conditions in the OTP Group’s key markets; the level of political support for the industries in which the OTP 
Group operates; and legal and regulatory frameworks affecting the Issuer’s legal structure, business activities 
and the rights of its creditors. The credit rating agencies may also revise the ratings methodologies applicable 
to an issuer within a particular industry or political or economic region. If credit rating agencies perceive there 
to be adverse changes in the factors affecting an issuer’s credit rating, including by virtue of change to applicable 
ratings methodologies, the credit rating agencies may downgrade, suspend or withdraw the ratings assigned to 
an issuer and/or its securities. Revisions to ratings methodologies and actions on the Issuer’s ratings by the 
credit rating agencies may occur in the future. 
If the Issuer determines to no longer maintain one or more ratings, or if any credit rating agency withdraws, 
suspends or downgrades the credit ratings of the Issuer or the Notes, or if such a withdrawal, suspension or 
downgrade is anticipated (or any credit rating agency places the credit ratings of the Issuer or, if applicable, the 
Notes on “credit watch” status in contemplation of a downgrade, suspension or withdrawal), whether as a result 
of the factors described above or otherwise, such event could adversely affect the liquidity or market value of 
the Notes (whether or not the Notes had an assigned rating prior to such event). 
Furthermore, as a result of the CRA Regulation, if the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, 
European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may 
have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market trading thereof. 
Investors to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for transfer, payment 
and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates 
which may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, a “Clearing System”). If the Global Notes are NGN or if the Global 
Certificates are to be held under the NSS, they will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global 
Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. The relevant Clearing System will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or, as the case may be, Global Certificates. While the 
Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, or as the case may be, Global Certificates, investors will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant Clearing System. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or, as the case may be, Global Certificates, the 
Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary 
or, for Global Notes that are NGN and Global Certificates to be held under the NSS, the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. A Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global 
Certificate must rely on the procedures of the relevant Clearing System to receive payments under the relevant 
Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such Holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by the relevant Clearing System to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 50 ---
39 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
A Holder’s actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a rule 
charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions 
depending on the order value. To the extent that additional domestic or foreign parties are involved in the 
execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Holders must 
take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses 
of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Notes (direct costs), Holders must also take into 
account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective investors should inform themselves about any 
additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before investing in the 
Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium from 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks relating to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
There can be no assurance about the development or performance of a secondary trading market for 
the Notes  
The Notes issued under the Programme represent a new security for which no secondary trading market exists 
(unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series 
with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued) and there can be no assurance that one will develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If a market for the Notes does develop, the trading price of the Notes may be subject to wide fluctuations in 
response to many factors, including those referred to in this risk factor, as well as stock market fluctuations and 
general economic conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates that may adversely affect 
the market price of the Notes, such volatility may be increased in an illiquid market including in circumstances 
where a significant proportion of the Notes are held by a limited number of initial investors. Publicly traded 
bonds from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to the 
operating performance of the companies that have issued them, and such volatility may be increased in an 
illiquid market. If any market in the Notes does develop, it may become severely restricted, or may disappear,

--- Page 51 ---
40 
if the financial condition of the Issuer deteriorates such that there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood 
of the Issuer being unable to pay interest on the Notes in full, or, where relevant, of the Notes being subject to 
loss absorption under an applicable statutory loss absorption regime. In addition, the market price of the Notes 
may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond the Issuer’s control.  
Any or all of such events could result in material fluctuations in the price of Notes which could lead to investors 
losing some or all of their investment. 
The issue price of the Notes might not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market, and there 
can be no assurance that an investor would be able to sell its Notes at or near the price which it paid for them, 
or at a price that would provide it with a yield comparable to more conventional investments that have a 
developed a secondary market. 
Moreover, although the Issuer and any subsidiary of the Issuer can (subject to Supervisory Permission and 
compliance with prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements or Loss Absorption Regulations, as applicable) 
purchase Notes at any time, they have no obligation to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer (or on behalf of the 
Issuer) could affect the liquidity of the secondary market of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions 
under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the secondary market.  
In addition, Holders should be aware of the prevailing credit market conditions, whereby there is a general lack 
of liquidity in the secondary market which may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary 
resales even if there is no decline in the performance of the Notes or the assets of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot 
predict whether these circumstances will change and whether, if and when they do change, there will be a more 
liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes at that time.  
Although an application has been made to admit the Notes issued under the Programme to trading on the Market, 
there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that the Notes will be so admitted, or that an 
active trading market will develop. Even if an active trading market does develop, it may not be liquid and may 
not continue for the term of the Notes. 
There are exchange rate risks and exchange control risks associated with the Notes  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease; (a) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes; 
(b) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (c) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency.

--- Page 52 ---
41 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the information set out in the table below as 
contained in:  
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 is available 
at: (https://www.otpgroup.info/static/sw/file/230428_IFRS_konsz_e_062.pdf) (the “Accounts 2022”) 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 5 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
Pages 6-7 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income  
Page 8 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 9 
Consolidated Statement of Cash-Flows 
Pages 10-11 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 12-213 
The above mentioned document is an unofficial English translation of the Accounts 2022 that were 
originally prepared in the Hungarian language. 
2. 
the full independent auditor’s report in respect of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
is 
available 
at 
(https://www.otpgroup.info/static/sw/file/OTP_Audit_report_consolidated_e_060.pdf) (the “Independent 
Auditor’s Report 2022”). 
The Independent Auditor’s Report 2022 is unqualified.  
The above mentioned document is an unofficial English translation of the Independent Auditor’s Report 
2022 that was originally prepared in the Hungarian language. 
3. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(https://www.otpbank.hu/static/portal/sw/file/220413_IFRS_konsz_e_064.pdf) 
(the “Accounts 
2021”) 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 4 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
Page 5 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income  
Page 6 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 7 
Consolidated Statement of Cash-Flows 
Pages 8 to 9 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 10 to 179 
The above mentioned document is an unofficial English translation of the Accounts 2021 that were 
originally prepared in Hungarian language. 
4. 
the full independent auditor’s report in respect of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021

--- Page 53 ---
42 
(https://www.otpbank.hu/static/portal/sw/file/220413_Audit_report_konsz_e_064.pdf) (the “Independent 
Auditor’s Report 2021”) 
The independent auditor's report in respect of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 is unqualified but contains the following “Emphasis of Matter”:   
“We draw attention to Note 51 of notes to the consolidated financial statements, which describes the risk 
and potential impact of the Ukrainian-Russian conflicts on the Group’s operation in Ukraine and Russia. 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.” 
The above mentioned document is an unofficial English translation of the Independent Auditor’s Report 
2021 that was originally prepared in the Hungarian language. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2022 
(https://www.otpgroup.info/static/sw/file/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_20220531.pdf), pages 44 to 95 (inclusive) 
relating to the Programme (the “2022 Conditions” and together with the Accounts 2022, the Independent Auditor’s 
Report 2022, the Accounts 2021 and the Independent Auditor’s Report 2021, the “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”). 
The Documents Incorporated by Reference have been previously published by the Issuer and have been approved by 
the CSSF or filed with it. Such information in those documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Those parts of the Documents Incorporated by Reference which are not specifically incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant information is included 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents referred to in the Documents Incorporated by Reference do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
43 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
Historical financial information  
The historical financial information in this Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and as 
adopted by the EU (the “IFRS”). The historical financial information presented in this Base Prospectus consists 
of consolidated audited financial information of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022. 
Non-IFRS financial measures 
The Issuer presents certain key performance measures that are not defined under IFRS or Hungarian GAAP but 
that it finds useful in analysing its results and that it believes are widely used by investors to monitor the results 
of banks generally. Some of these measures are defined by, and calculated in compliance with, applicable 
banking regulations, but these regulations often provide the Issuer with certain discretion in making its 
calculations. 
These alternative performance measures (“APMs”) may not be indicative of the Issuer’s historical operating 
results, nor are such measures meant to be predictive of its future results. The Issuer presents these APMs 
because it considers them an important supplemental measure of its performance and believes that they and 
similar measures are widely used in the industry in which it operates as a means of evaluating a company’s 
results. However, not all banks and financial institutions calculate APMs in the same manner or on a consistent 
basis. As a result, these measures may not be comparable to measures used by other banks and financial 
institutions under the same or similar names. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on the APMs 
contained in this Base Prospectus and they should not be considered as a substitute for financial measures 
computed in accordance with IFRS or Hungarian GAAP.  
The APMs include Adjusted net profit, Adjusted net interest income, Adjusted net profit from fees and 
commissions, Adjusted other net non-interest income without one-offs, Adjusted total income, Adjusted 
operating expenses, Adjusted provision for impairment on loan and placement losses, Return On Equity 
(“ROE”), Adjusted ROE, Adjusted Return On Assets, Total revenue margin, Net interest margin, Net fee and 
commission margin, Other income margin, Cost-to-asset ratio, Cost-to-income ratio, Risk cost rate, Stage 3 
ratio, Own coverage of Stage 3 loans, DPD90+ ratio, DPD90+ coverage, Net loan-to deposit ratio, Net loans to 
deposits including retail bonds ratio.  
Each of the APMs is described below and reconciliations of these measures to the Issuer’s IFRS financial 
statements are set out below under the section headed “Financial Performance of the OTP Group – Alternative 
Performance Measures”. 
Given the discretion that the Issuer and other banks have in defining these measures and calculating the reported 
amounts, care should be taken in comparing these various measures with similar measures used by other banks. 
These measures should not be used as a substitute for evaluating the performance of the Issuer based on its 
audited balance sheet and results of operations. 
Certain measures are included in this Base Prospectus that are not measures presented in accordance with, or 
defined by, IFRS as adopted by the EU. However, such measures have been prepared on the basis of the Issuer’s 
unaudited separate and consolidated IFRS financial statements or derived from that. 
The Issuer believes that the presentation of these non-IFRS measures enhances an investor’s understanding of 
the OTP Group’s financial performance in the periods presented and provides helpful comparisons of financial 
performance between periods by providing segmented financial information and adjusting for the distorting 
effect of, inter alia, certain, typically non-recurring items, intra-group transactions, acquisitions and foreign

--- Page 55 ---
44 
exchange rate movements. These adjustments include separating or reclassifying certain financial statement 
items, including profit and loss statement lines and balance sheet lines. These non-IFRS measures are not 
presented in accordance with IFRS and the Issuer’s use of them may vary from, and not be comparable with, 
non-IFRS measures used by other companies. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered in isolation 
or as a substitute for financial information as reported under IFRS.  
Non-financial information operating data 
The non-financial operating data included in this Base Prospectus has been extracted without material 
adjustment from the management records of the Issuer and is unaudited. 
Rounding  
Percentages and certain amounts in this Base Prospectus, including financial, statistical and operational 
information, have been rounded. As a result, the figures shown as totals may not be the precise sum of the 
figures that precede them. 
No incorporation of website information 
Other than in relation to the Documents Incorporated by Reference (see “Information Incorporated by 
Reference”), contents of the Issuer’s or the OTP Group’s website, any other website mentioned in this Base 
Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF and investors should not rely 
on such information.

--- Page 56 ---
45 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes, the reasons for 
the issuance and the impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under 
the Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for 
information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in this Base Prospectus as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed 
as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, unless 
the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 57 ---
46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the 
Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the 
relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed shall be 
endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms 
that are not defined in the terms and conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant 
Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on Notes in definitive form or Certificates (as the case may 
be). The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Forms of the Notes - 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
This Note is one of a series (each a “Series”) issued pursuant to the €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) established by OTP Bank Nyrt. (the “Issuer”) on 6 May 2020. A Fiscal 
Agency Agreement dated 31 May 2022 (the “Fiscal Agency Agreement”) has been entered into in relation to 
the Notes between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent, Citibank Europe plc as registrar 
and the other agents named in it. The Notes have the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) 
dated 6 May 2020 executed by the Issuer relating to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the registrar, any transfer agent 
and the calculation agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, 
the “Registrar” and the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the 
“Calculation Agent”. “Agents” means the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and any other agent 
or agents appointed from time to time with respect to the Notes. The Fiscal Agency Agreement includes the 
form of the Notes. Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and any 
Transfer Agents. The Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
The term “Notes” means debt instruments, by whatever name called, issued under the Programme. The Notes 
may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”). All subsequent 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of the relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) which 
supplements these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and are subject to its 
detailed provisions. 
1 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Amounts” has the meaning given in Condition 13(a) (Gross-Up); 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Adjustment Spread” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a) (7) (Definitions);

--- Page 58 ---
47 
“Alternative Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a)(7) (Definitions); 
“Bail-In Tool” means the mechanism for effecting the exercise by the Relevant Regulator of the write-
down and conversion powers in relation to liabilities of an institution: 
(i) 
prior to resolution in accordance with Sections 74 to 79 or independent of a resolution in 
accordance with paragraph 2 of Section 74 (implementing Article 59.1 of the BRRD in Hungary);  
(ii) 
under resolution in accordance with paragraphs d) to h) of subsection (1) of Section 84; or 
(iii) 
under resolution in accordance with Sections 57 to 61 and/or Sections 69 to 73,  
of the Resolution Act (as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a)(4) (Benchmark Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a)(7) (Definitions); 
“Broken Amount” means, in respect of any Notes, the amount (if any) that is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;  
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally, in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday 
in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the

--- Page 59 ---
48 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a “Capital Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred if there is a change (which has occurred 
or which the Relevant Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of 
the Tier 2 Capital Notes which becomes effective after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes and that results, or would be likely to result, in some of or the entire 
principal amount of the Notes being excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the OTP Group 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, any amortisation of the Notes pursuant to Article 64 of the CRR as in 
force as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the relevant Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes shall not 
comprise a Capital Disqualification Event; 
“CMS Rate” means the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at (a) the Determination Time specified in the relevant Final Terms or (b) if no 
Determination Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“CMS Rate Fixing Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CMS Rate Fixing Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in each CMS Rate Fixing Centre specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“CMT Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such 
Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, and expressed as a percentage, equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for the CMT Designated 
Maturity, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)”, as that yield is displayed on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination 
Date; or

--- Page 60 ---
49 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States 
Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for the CMT Designated Maturity as published in the 
H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on such Reset 
Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) 
on such Reset Determination Date, the Reference Bank CMT Rate on such Reset Determination 
Date; 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms or any successor 
service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying “treasury 
constant maturities” as reported in H.15(519); 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 13(b) (FATCA); 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
“Couponholders” means the holders of the Coupons (whether or not attached to the relevant Notes); 
“Credit Institutions Act” means Act CCXXXVII of 2013 on Credit Institutions and Financial 
Enterprises; 
“CRR” means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019), and any references in these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include 
references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (a) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (I) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (II) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (I) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (II) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(1) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year

--- Page 61 ---
50 
divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 62 ---
51 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis is as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (1) that 
day is the last day of February or (2) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (1) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (2) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from (and including) the first day of the Calculation Period to (but excluding) the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
“Designated Maturity” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Directors” means the directors of the Issuer; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“EEA Regulated Market” means a market as defined by Article 4.1(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended or any 
equivalent or successor provision; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
“euro” and “€” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement;

--- Page 63 ---
52 
“FATCA Withholding” has the meaning given in Condition 13(b) (FATCA); 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the first Subsequent Reset Date or, if a Subsequent Reset Date is not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Conditions 5(d) 
(Fallback – Mid-Swap Rate) and 5(e) (Fallback – CMT Rate) (as applicable), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Reset Rate and the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the 
Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the relevant Notes during the First Reset Period (such calculation to be made 
by the Calculation Agent)); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on a 
fixed date or dates in each year and on redemption or on such other dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Floating Rate Note” means a Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate payable at intervals 
of one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 2(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 2(d) (Title to Registered Notes); 
“IA Determination Cut-Off Date” means the day falling no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date or the Reset Determination Date (as applicable); 
“Independent Adviser” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a)(7) (Definitions); 
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” shall mean:

--- Page 64 ---
53 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is not CMS Rate, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or  
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, unless specified otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the 
second TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is CMS Rate, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that if any day specified as an Interest Determination Date in the relevant Final Terms 
is not a CMS Rate Fixing Day, the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the immediately 
preceding CMS Rate Fixing Day; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date or next Interest 
Payment Date (as the case may be); 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Loss Absorption Compliant Notes” means securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(other than in respect of, or in order to ensure, the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)) have terms not materially less 
favourable to an investor than the terms of the relevant Series of Notes which have been or are to 
be substituted or varied (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing (which in either case is independent 
of the Issuer) prior to the issue or, as appropriate, variation of the relevant securities and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any change to the governing law of Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement of 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) shall not be materially less favourable to an investor for these 
purposes), and, subject thereto, which: (1) contain terms which comply with the then applicable 
Loss Absorption Regulations in order to be eligible to qualify in full towards the Issuer’s 
minimum requirements (on an individual or consolidated basis) for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments; (2) provide for the same Rate of Interest 
and Interest Payment Dates from time to time applying to the relevant Series of Notes; (3) rank 
at least pari passu with the ranking of the relevant Series of Notes; (4) preserve the obligations 
(including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to redemption of 
the relevant Series of Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable 
upon, such redemption; (5) preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued 
interest or other amounts which have not been paid; (6) (other than as envisaged by Condition

--- Page 65 ---
54 
23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)) do not contain terms which 
provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (7) (other than as envisaged by Condition 23(d) 
(Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)) do not contain terms providing for loss 
absorption through principal write-down or conversion to ordinary shares; 
(ii) 
are listed on (aa) the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Series of Notes which have 
been or are to be substituted or varied, (bb) the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market 
or (cc) such other internationally recognised stock exchange, which is commonly used for the 
listing and trading of debt securities in the international bond markets, as selected by the Issuer;  
(iii) 
where the Series of Notes which have been or are to be substituted or varied had a public rating 
which had been solicited by or published with the permission of the Issuer from a credit rating 
agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation, (other than in respect of, or in order 
to ensure, the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers)) each such credit rating agency has ascribed, or announced its intention 
to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Loss Absorption Compliant Notes; 
a “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any 
amendment to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date, the entire principal amount of a Series of Notes or any part thereof, is, or (in the 
opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) is likely to be, excluded from the Issuer’s and/or the 
OTP Group’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities as such minimum 
requirements are applicable to the Issuer (whether on an individual or consolidated basis) and determined 
in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption Regulations; provided that a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event shall not occur where the relevant exclusion is due to (a) the 
remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Loss Absorption 
Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer and/or the OTP Group on the Issue Date, (b) any limit 
on the aggregate principal amount of instruments generally or of a particular type which the Issuer and/or 
the OTP Group is permitted to count towards the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities pursuant to the Loss Absorption Regulations and/or (c) the Issuer not having a requirement 
pursuant to the Loss Absorption Regulations to have in issue own funds and eligible liabilities in excess 
of the Issuer’s and/or the OTP Group’s own funds requirements; 
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of Hungary, the Relevant Regulator and/or of the European 
Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect in Hungary and applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the OTP Group (whether on an individual or consolidated basis), including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any applicable delegated or implementing acts (such as 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant Regulator from time to 
time (whether such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the OTP Group); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Market” means the EEA Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 66 ---
55 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, for any Reset Period, the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency during the 
relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis then customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg 
based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis then customary for floating rate payments in 
the Specified Currency); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or the 
Reference Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 5(d) 
(Fallback – Mid-Swap Rate), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 2(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 2(d) (Title to Registered 
Notes); 
“Official List” means the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification Event)” means, in respect of any Tier 2 
Capital Note, its principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
56 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Loss Absorption Disqualification Event)” means, in respect of any 
Senior Non-Preferred Note or, where applicable, Senior Preferred Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Original Reference Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a) (7) (Definitions); 
“OTP Group” means the Issuer and each entity (if any) that is part of the prudential consolidation group 
(as that term, or its successor, is used in the Regulatory Capital Requirements) of which the Issuer is part 
from time to time, if any; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) 
which is: 
(A) 
a day on which (1) banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies or 
(2) commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Fiscal Agent has its Specified Office; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) 
which is: 
(A) 
a day on which (1) banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies or 
(2) commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Fiscal Agent has its Specified Office; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Issuer; 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney; and

--- Page 68 ---
57 
(iii) 
in relation to New Zealand Dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Issuer; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to an Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by an Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit of a 
Note with such Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of 
the Noteholder; 
“Qualifying Tier 2 Securities” means securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(other than in respect of, or in order to ensure, the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)) have terms not materially less 
favourable to an investor than the terms of the relevant Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser 
of international standing (which in either case is independent of the Issuer) prior to the issue or, 
as appropriate, variation of the relevant securities and, for the avoidance of doubt, any change to 
the governing law of Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) 
shall not be materially less favourable to an investor for these purposes), and, subject thereto, 
which: (1) contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant 
Regulator in relation to Tier 2 Capital; (2) provide for the same Rate of Interest and Interest 
Payment Dates from time to time applying to the relevant Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes; (3) rank 
at least pari passu with the ranking of the relevant Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes; (4) preserve 
the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as 
to redemption of the relevant Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes, including (without limitation) as to 
timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; (5) preserve any existing rights under 
these Conditions to any accrued interest or other amounts which have not been paid; (6) (other 
than as envisaged by Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)) 
do not contain terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (7) (other than as 
envisaged by Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)) do not 
contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to 
ordinary shares; and 
(ii) 
are listed on (aa) the same stock exchange or market as the relevant Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes, 
(bb) the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market or (cc) such other internationally 
recognised stock exchange, which is commonly used for the listing and trading of debt securities 
in the international bond markets, as selected by the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
where the Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes which have been or are to be substituted or varied had a 
public rating which had been solicited by or published with the permission of the Issuer from a 
credit rating agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation, (other than in respect of, 
or in order to ensure, the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement 
of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)) each such credit rating agency has ascribed, or announced 
its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying Tier 2 
Securities; 
“Ranking Legislation” means Act XLIX of 1991 on Bankruptcy and Liquidation Proceedings of 
Hungary, subject to the Credit Institutions Act;  
“Rate of Interest” means: (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates (expressed as 
a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 69 ---
58 
or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Capital Disqualification Event) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes where the 
Reference Rate is CMS Rate, has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, five major 
banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate, (ii) in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is CMS Rate, (A) where the Reference 
Currency is euro, the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the Eurozone inter-bank market, 
(B) where the Reference Currency is pounds sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (C) where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal 
New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (D) in 
the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Issuer, 
and (iii) in the case of Reset Notes, has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none (1) in 
the case of the calculation of a Mid-Market Swap Rate, five major banks in the swap, money, securities 
or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer or (2) 
in the case of the calculation of a CMT Rate, five banks which are primary U.S. Treasury securities 
dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars in New York as 
selected by the Issuer; 
“Reference Bank CMT Rate” means, if “CMT Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Reset United 
States Treasury Securities Quotations provided by the Reference Banks to the Issuer at or around 4:30 
p.m. (New York City time) on the relevant Reset Determination Date and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, 
the Reference Bank CMT Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the 
Reference Bank CMT Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one 
quotation is provided, the Reference Bank CMT Rate will be the rounded quotation provided;  
“Reference Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” shall mean (i) EURIBOR, (ii) SOFR, (iii) €STR, (iv) the CMS Rate or (v) as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case for the relevant currency and for the relevant 
period as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from (and including) one Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 70 ---
59 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from (and including) a Regular Date falling in 
any year to (but excluding) the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from (and 
including) a Regular Date falling in any year to (but excluding) the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of the Relevant Regulator, Hungary, the European 
Banking Authority or the European Parliament and/or Council then in effect in Hungary relating to 
capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer and/or the OTP Group; 
“Relevant Date” means: (i) in respect of any payment other than a sum to be paid by the Issuer in a 
Winding-Up of the Issuer, the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount 
of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Holders that, upon further surrender of the Certificate or Bearer Note representing such Note being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such surrender, and (ii) in respect of a sum to be paid by the Issuer in a Winding-Up of the Issuer, 
the date which is one day prior to the date on which an order is made or a resolution is passed for the 
Winding-Up; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means Hungary or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of 
principal, premium (if any) and/or interest on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a)(7) (Definitions); 
“Relevant Regulator” means the National Bank of Hungary (Magyar Nemzeti Bank) acting in the 
context of prudential matters or recovery and resolution matters or such other authority having primary 
supervisory authority with respect to prudential and/or recovery and resolution matters, concerning the 
Issuer and/or the OTP Group, as may be relevant in the context and circumstances; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (or 
any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular information service, including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such 
other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 
day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to 
the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a

--- Page 71 ---
60 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to 
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of six 
months; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is pounds sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual 
fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating pounds 
sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity 
is greater than one year, to SONIA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to SONIA with a 
designated maturity of three months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on 
a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar interest rate swap transaction with a 
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to SOFR (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on a commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance 
with standard market practice; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such in the 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is 
U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Reset Period or (iii) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the principal 
financial centre for such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
“Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reset Note” means a Note which bears interest at a rate of interest which is recalculated at specified 
intervals; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reset Rate” means (i) if “Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate or (ii) if “CMT Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant CMT Rate;

--- Page 72 ---
61 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities” means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, United 
States Treasury Securities with an original maturity equal to the CMT Designated Maturity, a remaining 
term to maturity of no more than one year shorter than the CMT Designated Maturity and in a principal 
amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such United States Treasury 
Securities in the New York City market. If two or more United States Treasury Securities have remaining 
terms to maturity of no more than one year shorter than the CMT Designated Maturity, the United States 
Treasury Security with the longer remaining term to maturity will be used and if two or more United 
States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally close to the duration of the CMT 
Designated Maturity, the United States Treasury Security with the largest nominal amount outstanding 
will be used; 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the 
Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate quoted by a Reference Bank as being 
a yield-to-maturity based on the secondary market bid price of such Reference Bank for Reset United 
States Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
“Resolution Act” means Act XXXVII of 2014 on the improvement of the institutional system 
strengthening the security of certain participants of the financial intermediary system and any other law 
or regulation implementing, amending or superseding the provisions of such act or Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms; 
“Senior Claims” means the aggregate amount of all claims admitted in a Winding-Up of the Issuer in 
respect of creditors of the Issuer: (a) who are unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer including the claims 
against the Issuer specified in Section 57(1)(a)-(h) of the Ranking Legislation, thus, for the avoidance 
of doubt, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (b) whose 
claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than 
those whose claims are in respect of obligations which constitute, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital, constitute, Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital or whose claims 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of Holders in respect of the Tier 2 
Capital Notes or related Coupons, including debt arising from Tier 2 items and instruments within the 
meaning of Section 57(2) of the Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation); 
“Senior Non-Preferred Claims” means the aggregate amount of all claims admitted in a Winding-Up 
of the Issuer which are claims of creditors in respect of obligations which are secondary non-preferential 
debt under the Ranking Legislation in accordance with Section 57(1b)(b) of the Credit Institutions Act 
(including, without limitation, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and claims in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes); 
“Senior Notes” means the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 73 ---
62 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the first Subsequent Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date;  
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Conditions 5(d) (Fallback – Mid-Swap Rate) and 5(e) (Fallback – CMT Rate) (as applicable), the rate 
of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Reset Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) 
from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency to a basis equivalent to the frequency 
with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant Notes during the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)); 
“Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback” has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Successor Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 9(a)(7) (Definitions); 
“Supervisory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such supervisory permission (or, as 
appropriate, waiver) as is required therefor under prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements (if any) 
and/or (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) the Loss Absorption 
Regulations (if any); 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro; 
“Tax Event” is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change, the Issuer determines that 
(a) in making any payments on the Notes, the Issuer has paid or will or would on the next payment date 
be required to pay Additional Amounts and the Issuer could not avoid the foregoing by taking measures 
reasonably available to it or (b) (if Tax Event (Deductibility) is expressly specified to be “Applicable” 
in the Final Terms) to the extent (prior to such Tax Law Change) the Issuer was entitled to claim a 
deduction in respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities, it would not be entitled to claim a 
deduction in respect of its taxation liabilities in the Relevant Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any payment 
of interest to be made on the next Interest Payment Date or the value of such deduction would be 
materially reduced; 
“Tax Law Change” means a change in or amendment to the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, including any treaty to which such Relevant Jurisdiction is a party, or any change in the 
application of official or generally published interpretation of such laws, including a decision of any 
court or tribunal, or any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority that provides for 
a position with respect to such laws or regulations that differs from the previously generally accepted 
position in relation to similar transactions or which differs from any specific written statements made by 
a tax authority regarding the anticipated tax treatment of the Notes, which change or amendment (x) 
(subject to (y)) becomes, or would become, effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of 
Notes of the relevant Series or (y) in the case of a change or proposed change in law, if such change is 
enacted (or, in the case of a proposed change, is expected to be enacted), on or after the Issue Date of 
the last Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series;

--- Page 74 ---
63 
“Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time by the Relevant Regulator or the 
applicable prudential rules; 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time by the Relevant Regulator or the 
applicable prudential rules; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; 
“United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis; 
“Winding-Up” means the ordering by any competent court for the liquidation (felszámolás) of the Issuer 
in accordance with Act XLIX of 1991 on Bankruptcy and Liquidation Proceedings of Hungary; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes unless the relevant Final Terms expressly specifies “Senior Preferred 
Notes: Gross-up of principal” as “Not Applicable” only) any Additional Amounts in respect of 
principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) or any undertakings given in 
addition thereto or in substitution therefor or any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any undertakings given in addition 
thereto or in substitution therefor or any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant 
to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is “Not Applicable”, then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one

--- Page 75 ---
64 
Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes 
Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer Notes, “Holder” 
means the holder of such Bearer Note and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes 
The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. A certificate (each, a “Certificate”) will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in 
respect of its registered holding. Each Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number 
which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, “Holder” means the person in 
whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a 
joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Certificate 
relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Subject to Conditions 2(j) (Closed periods) and 2(k) (Regulations concerning transfers and 
registration), a Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part upon the surrender of the relevant 
Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who 
have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred 
unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes 
held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not 
transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor and in any case a further new Certificate will be issued 
to the transferee in respect of the part transferred. 
(g) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes  
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, 
a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In 
the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have

--- Page 76 ---
65 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(h) 
Registration and delivery of Certificates 
Within three business days of the surrender of a Certificate in accordance with Condition 2(f) (Transfers 
of Registered Notes), the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Certificate of 
a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office 
or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such 
relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose 
by such relevant Holder. In this Condition 2(h) (Registration and delivery of Certificates), “business 
day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified 
Office. 
(i) 
No charge 
The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied 
or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(j) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending 
on (and including) the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to 
(and including) any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant 
to Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event), 10(d) 
(Redemption for Capital Disqualification Event) or 10(e) (Redemption for Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event), (iii) after the Notes have been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of 
seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date.  
(k) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. The regulations 
may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a 
copy of such regulations. 
(l) 
No exchange 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. 
3 
Status  
The Notes are either senior preferred Notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred Notes (“Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes”) or tier 2 capital Notes (“Tier 2 Capital Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes

--- Page 77 ---
66 
The Senior Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and constitute ordinary non-preferential debt 
(Hungarian terminology: rendes fedezetlen követelések) pursuant to Section 57(1b)(a) of the Credit 
Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation. The Senior Preferred Notes and any 
Coupons relating thereto rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at least pari passu with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
The Issuer and, by virtue of its holding of any Senior Preferred Note or any beneficial interest therein, 
each Holder of a Senior Preferred Note and each Holder of a Coupon relating to a Senior Preferred Note 
acknowledge and agree that the Senior Preferred Notes and any such Coupons rank junior to the claims 
against the Issuer specified in Section 57(1)(a)-(e) of the Ranking Legislation and pari passu with all 
other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated deposits with, and loans to, the Issuer, present or future 
(other than Senior Non-Preferred Notes and other obligations which rank or are expressed to rank junior 
to the Senior Preferred Notes, including debt of the Issuer specified in Sections 57(1b)(b) and Section 
57(1b)(c) of the Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation, and claims against 
the Issuer specified in Section 57(1)(g)-(h) of the Ranking Legislation (including claims for default 
interest and certain claims of affiliated persons and entities against the Issuer as specified in the Ranking 
Legislation) and other than such deposits, loans or other obligations which are given priority pursuant 
to applicable statutory provisions), save only where the Ranking Legislation provides otherwise for 
ordinary non-preferential debt generally, in which case the Senior Preferred Notes and such Coupons 
will rank as provided in the Ranking Legislation for ordinary non-preferential debt generally.  
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and constitute secondary non-preferential 
debt (Hungarian terminology: előresorolt, de nem elsőbbségi fedezetlen követelések) pursuant to Section 
57(1b)(b) of the Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation. Subject to the 
Ranking Legislation, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any Coupons relating thereto rank junior to 
the claims against the Issuer specified in Section 57(1)(a)-(e) of the Ranking Legislation, junior to the 
Senior Preferred Notes and any Coupons relating thereto and any other senior preferred debt of the Issuer 
specified in Section 57(1b)(a) of the Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
The Issuer and, by virtue of its holding of any Senior Non-Preferred Note or any beneficial interest 
therein, each Holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note and each Holder of a Coupon relating to a Senior 
Non-Preferred Note acknowledge and agree that if a Winding-Up of the Issuer occurs, the rights and 
claims of the Holders and the Couponholders against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, each 
Senior Non-Preferred Note (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) shall be for (in lieu of any other 
payment by the Issuer) an amount equal to the principal amount of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred 
Note or any related Coupon, together with, to the extent not otherwise included within the foregoing, 
any other amounts attributable to such Senior Non-Preferred Note or any related Coupon, including any 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations in respect 
of such Senior Non-Preferred Note or any related Coupon, provided however that such rights and claims 
shall rank: 
(i) 
junior in right of payment to all claims in respect of the claims against the Issuer specified in 
Section 57(1)(a)-(e) of the Ranking Legislation, the Senior Preferred Notes and any Coupons 
relating thereto and ordinary non-preferential debt specified in Section 57(1b)(a) of the Credit 
Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation) of the Issuer and any other creditors 
of the Issuer which are given priority pursuant to applicable statutory provisions;

--- Page 78 ---
67 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Claims; and 
(iii) 
in priority to: (A) all claims in respect of other non-preferential debts of the Issuer specified in 
Section 57(1b)(c) of the Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation; (B) 
all claims against the Issuer specified in Section 57(1)(g)-(h) of the Ranking Legislation 
(including claims for default interest and certain claims of affiliated persons and entities against 
the Issuer as specified in the Ranking Legislation); and (C) all claims in respect of Tier 2 items 
and instruments within the meaning of Section 57(2) of the Credit Institutions Act for the 
purposes of the Ranking Legislation (including, without limitation, any Tier 2 Capital Notes), 
save only where the Ranking Legislation provides otherwise for claims in respect of secondary non-
preferential debt generally, in which case such claims will rank as the Ranking Legislation provides for 
claims in respect of secondary non-preferential debt generally (whether or not the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and any Coupons relating to them then constitute secondary non-preferential debt of the Issuer for 
the purposes of the Ranking Legislation). 
(c) 
Tier 2 Capital Notes 
The Tier 2 Capital Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and constitute subordinated non-preferential 
debt arising from Tier 2 instruments (Hungarian terminology: járulékos tőkeelem) within the meaning 
of Section 57(2) of the Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of the Ranking Legislation. Subject to 
the Ranking Legislation, the Tier 2 Capital Notes and any Coupons relating thereto rank junior to the 
claims against the Issuer specified in section 57(1)(a)-(h) of the Ranking Legislation, including the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and in each case any Coupons relating 
thereto. The Tier 2 Capital Notes rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
The Issuer and, by virtue of its holding of any Tier 2 Capital Note or any beneficial interest therein, each 
Holder of a Tier 2 Capital Note and each Holder of a Coupon relating to a Tier 2 Capital Note 
acknowledge and agree that if a Winding-Up of the Issuer occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders 
and the Couponholders against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, each Tier 2 Capital Note (and 
the Coupons relating thereto, if any) shall be for (in lieu of any other payment by the Issuer) an amount 
equal to the principal amount of the relevant Tier 2 Capital Note or any related Coupon, together with, 
to the extent not otherwise included within the foregoing, any other amounts attributable to such Tier 2 
Capital Note or any related Coupon, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations in respect of such Tier 2 Capital Note or any related Coupon, 
provided however that such rights and claims shall be subordinated as provided in this Condition 3(c) 
(Tier 2 Capital Notes) to all Senior Claims but shall rank: 
(i) 
subject as provided in paragraph (ii) below, at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all 
other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital and all obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith; and  
(ii) 
in priority to (A) the claims of holders of the Issuer’s EUR 500,000,000 fixed to floating rate 
perpetual subordinated notes (ISIN: XS0274147296), (B) obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, 
Tier 1 Capital, (C) all obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with such 
obligations described in (A) and (B), (D) the claims of holders of all classes of share capital of 
the Issuer and (E) any obligations that otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Tier 
2 Capital Notes. 
(d) 
No set-off

--- Page 79 ---
68 
Subject to applicable law, no Holder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation, 
retention, counter-claim, abatement or other similar right or remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising 
under or in connection with the Notes and each Holder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be 
deemed, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
compensation, retention, counter-claim, abatement or other similar right or remedy which it might 
otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the 
amounts owing to any Holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes 
is discharged by set-off or such other similar right or remedy, such Holder shall, subject to applicable 
law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of 
a Winding-Up, the relevant insolvency official appointed in respect of the Issuer) and, until such time 
as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer (or the relevant 
insolvency official appointed in respect of the Issuer) and accordingly any such discharge shall be 
deemed not to have taken place.  
(e) 
No Security/Guarantee: No Enhancement of Seniority 
The Notes are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the 
seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
4 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 (Payments – 
Bearer Notes) and 12 (Payments – Registered Notes) (as applicable). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from (and including) the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) up to 
(but excluding) the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount 
is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest

--- Page 80 ---
69 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
5 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 (Reset Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final Terms to 
(but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the first Subsequent Reset Date or, 
if a Subsequent Reset Date is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the 
rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and 12 (Payments – Registered Notes) (as applicable). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from (and including) the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (Reset Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) 
up to (but excluding) the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest applicable for each Reset Period shall, subject to Condition 9(a) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), be determined by the Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined on each Reset Determination Date. The Interest Amount 
payable on the Notes shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of 
interest in Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) and, for such purposes, Condition 4 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Fallback – Mid-Swap Rate 
Where the Reset Rate is specified as “Mid-Swap Rate” in the relevant Final Terms and if on any Reset 
Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer with 
its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations on 
the Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) (with such 
sum converted (if necessary) to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the relevant Notes (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)).

--- Page 81 ---
70 
If only one of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation on the 
Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the Reset Period shall be the sum of such Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) (with such sum converted (if necessary) to a basis 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant Notes 
(such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent).  
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer with a Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(d) (Fallback – Mid-
Swap Rate): 
(i) 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date only, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, (aa) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (bb) the First Margin (with such sum 
converted (if necessary) to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the relevant Notes (such calculation to be made by the 
Calculation Agent)); 
(B) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, (aa) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (bb) 
the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant Notes (such 
calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)); or 
(C) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, (aa) the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page and (bb) the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) to a basis 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
relevant Notes (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)),  
provided that if the application of paragraph (i)(B) or (i)(C) above could, in the determination of 
the Issuer, reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes 
as Tier 2 Capital (in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes) or as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) for 
the purposes of the Loss Absorption Regulations, then paragraph (i)(A) above will apply; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Reset Determination Date, other than the first Reset Determination Date, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, (aa) the Mid-Swap Rate determined on the last preceding Reset 
Determination Date and (bb) the Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if 
necessary) to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the relevant Notes (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)); 
or 
(B) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (aa) the last observable rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page and (bb) the Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if

--- Page 82 ---
71 
necessary) to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the relevant Notes (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent),  
provided that if the application of this paragraph (ii)(B) above, in the determination of the Issuer, 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as Tier 
2 Capital (in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes) or as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity 
instruments (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) for the 
purposes of the Loss Absorption Regulations, then paragraph (ii)(A) above will apply. 
(e) 
Fallback – CMT Rate  
Where the Reset Rate is specified as “CMT Rate” in the relevant Final Terms and where no quotations 
with respect to the Reference Bank CMT Rate are provided, the Reference Bank CMT Rate shall be 
determined to be the relevant CMT Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first 
Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
(f) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest determined by it and any other amount(s) required 
to be determined by it, together with the relevant payment date(s), to be notified to the Issuer and the 
Agents as soon as possible after such determination but in any event not later than the fourth Business 
Day thereafter and the Issuer shall thereafter notify, as soon as possible, each competent authority and/or 
stock exchange by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing and/or trading and, in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices), the Holders.  
(g) 
Notifications, etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 (Reset Note Provisions) by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Agents and all Holders and no liability to the Holders, Couponholders or (subject to the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement) the Issuer shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and discretions. 
6 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 (Payments – 
Bearer Notes) and 12 (Payments – Registered Notes) (as applicable). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from (and including) the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) up 
to (but excluding) the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination – Other than Floating Rate Notes which reference CMS Rate, SOFR or 
€STR

--- Page 83 ---
72 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and the relevant Final Terms do not specify that the Reference Rate 
is the CMS Rate, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation), 
on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the period of time designated in the Reference Rate were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the period of time designated in the Reference Rate 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate (including, where the Issuer deems appropriate, in consultation with an Independent 
Advisor); 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of 
paragraph (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide to the Issuer a quotation of the Reference 
Rate as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is

--- Page 84 ---
73 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period or, in the absence of a 
preceding Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes which are CMS-Linked Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and the relevant Final Terms specify that the Reference Rate is the 
CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the CMS Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, as determined, subject to Condition 
9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation) by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide it with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) as 
at approximately (i) the Determination Time specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if no 
Determination Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such quotations as aforesaid, the CMS 
Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date at the Determination Time or 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial 
Centre time) (as applicable) one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer with such 
quotations as aforesaid, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Issuer, after consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, on a commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance with 
standard market practice. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination - Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR or €STR  
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as not applicable and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR or 
€STR: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 9(a) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) or Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event), as the case may be, 
and Condition 6(g) (Floating Rate Note Provisions– Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest) and subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being “Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 9(a) (Benchmark

--- Page 85 ---
74 
Discontinuation) or Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event), as the case nay be, and 
Condition 6(g) (Floating Rate Note Provisions– Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) 
and subject as provided below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event), if, in respect of any Local Business Day, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Local Business Day on which 
the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (“r” shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(iii) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, in respect of any Local Business Day, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Local Business Day on which 
the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (“r” shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(iv) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 9(a) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) or Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event), as the case may 
be, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest 
Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series 
of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of 
Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
(v) 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 14 
(Enforcement), the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Screen Rate 
Determination - Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR or €STR): 
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all references in 
these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read 
as reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
“Applicable Period” means,

--- Page 86 ---
75 
(A) 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, Observation Period; 
“Calculation Method” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖 − 𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) − 1 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
]  x 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable 
Period; 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Local Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any Local Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate for such euro Local Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, 
as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of 
the European Central Bank as at the date of the Base Prospectus at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, 
or any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB’s 
Website”) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Local Business 
Day immediately following such Local Business Day; 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Local Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Local Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
“Local Business Day” or “LBD”, means, (i) where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate, 
any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New 
York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed; and (ii) where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate, a 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the relevant 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 87 ---
76 
“ni”, for any Local Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Local Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Local 
Business Day; 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York as at the date of the Base Prospectus at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
“Observation Method” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling “p” Local Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Local Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Local Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Local Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified five Local Business Days); 
(B) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
zero; 
(C) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Local Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Local 
Business Days); 
“r” means: 
(A) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
“Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Local Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Local Business Day; 
(B) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and either 
“Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Local Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Local Business Day; 
(C) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and “Lock-
out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Local Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Local Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Local Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a Local 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the Local Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Reference Day coinciding with the relevant Interest Determination Date);

--- Page 88 ---
77 
(D) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and “Lock-
out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Local Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Local Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Local Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a Local 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the Local Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Reference Day coinciding with the relevant Interest Determination Date); 
(E) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Local 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Local Business Day, provided however that, 
in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Local Business Day in the period 
from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-
off Date; and 
(F) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Local 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Local Business Day, provided however that, 
in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Local Business Day in the period 
from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-
off Date; 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Day” means each Local Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Local Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“ri-pLBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above for, (i) 
where, in the relevant Final Terms, “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, the Local 
Business Day (being a Local Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” 
Local Business Days prior to the relevant Local Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Local Business Day “i”; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Local Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”) on the Local Business Day immediately following such Local Business 
Day; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant

--- Page 89 ---
78 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For 
these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Local 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Local Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(B) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of 
calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, 
the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to 
be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day 
of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Local Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to 
be the Reference Rate in effect for the Local Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(f) 
Index Determination  
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” means SOFR Compounded Index; 
“Compounded Index End” means the Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“Compounded Index Start” means the Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant Compounded 
Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
“Index Days” means U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 360;

--- Page 90 ---
79 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the seventh 
decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be two; and 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 15:00 (New 
York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not 
occurred in respect of SOFR, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index 
Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions – Screen Rate Determination - Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR or €STR) as 
if Index Determination was not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. For these 
purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be SOFR, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be 
deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, 
(iv) the Observation Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, and (v) D shall be 
deemed to be the Numerator. If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provision of Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 6(f), as applicable.  
(g) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 91 ---
80 
The expressions “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” in this Condition 6(g) (ISDA Determination) have the respective meanings 
given to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
zero. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a “sub-unit” 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(j) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it, 
together with any relevant payment date(s), to be notified to the Issuer and the Agents and the Issuer 
shall notify each competent authority and/or stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
admitted to listing and/or trading as soon as possible after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also be given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as possible after the determination or calculation thereof. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. Any 
such recalculation will promptly be notified to each competent authority and/or stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being admitted to listing and/or trading and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices). If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead 
may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(k) 
Notifications, etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Agents and all Holders and no liability to the Holders, Couponholders or (subject to the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement) the Issuer shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and discretions. 
7 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application

--- Page 92 ---
81 
This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (A) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent (acting on the 
instructions of the Issuer) has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
8 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 8 (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions and the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
The Issuer may issue Notes (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms from a Fixed Rate Note to a Floating Rate Note, or from a Floating Rate Note to a Fixed 
Rate Note or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate Note to a Floating Rate Note, or from 
a Floating Rate Note to a Fixed Rate Note on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms, in either case, 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
9 
Benchmark Discontinuation and Benchmark Transition Event 
(a) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation) applies to Floating Rate Notes and to Reset Notes 
which do not reference SOFR. 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(d) (Fallback – Mid-Swap 
Rate), 5(e) (Fallback – CMT Rate), Condition 6(c) (Screen Rate Determination – Other than 
Floating Rate Notes which reference CMS Rate, SOFR or €STR) or Condition 6(d) (Screen Rate 
Determination – Floating Rate Notes which are CMS-Linked Notes), if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 9(a)(2) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 9(a)(3) (Adjustment Spread)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 9(a)(4) (Benchmark Amendments)).

--- Page 93 ---
82 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agents, the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 9(a) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation).  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the IA Determination Cut-Off 
Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may still 
determine: (x) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate; and (y) in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any in accordance with this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
If the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer or the Issuer (as applicable) fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
in accordance with this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or the Reset Determination Date (as applicable), the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period or (in the case of Notes for which the Reset Note 
Provisions are applicable) Reset Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been 
a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period 
shall be substituted in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or (in the case of Notes for 
which the Reset Note Provisions are applicable) Reset Period only and any subsequent Interest 
Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(2) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If in accordance with this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation) it is determined that: 
(iii) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 9(a) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)); or 
(iv) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation)). 
(3) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), including for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation).

--- Page 94 ---
83 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the Adjustment 
Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread), then the 
fallback provisions described in the final sub-paragraph of Condition 9(a)(1) (Independent 
Adviser) shall apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first sub-paragraph of Condition 9(a)(1) 
(Independent Adviser). 
(4) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 9(a)(5) (Notices, etc.), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(a)(5) (Notices, etc.), the Fiscal Agent and any 
other agents party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement shall (at the expense and direction of the 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer and use reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments and 
the Fiscal Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the 
Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged so to concur or use such endeavours if in the opinion of the 
Fiscal Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to it in these Conditions and/or any documents to which it is a party in any 
way. For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (if required or deemed 
useful by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 9(a)(4) (Benchmark 
Amendments), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation), no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected either (i) to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or as eligible liabilities for the 
purposes of the Loss Absorption Regulations or (ii) to result in the Relevant Regulator treating 
the Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding anything included in the ISDA Definitions, the Base Prospectus, Final Terms, 
and/or any other transaction document (the “Transaction Documents”) for any series of the

--- Page 95 ---
84 
Notes to the contrary, the Issuer agrees that the Fiscal Agent or Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
(in its capacity as Calculation Agent, if so appointed) will have no obligation to exercise any 
discretion (including, but not limited to, determinations of alternative or substitute benchmarks, 
successor reference rates, screen pages, interest adjustment factors, fractions or spreads, market 
disruptions, benchmark amendment conforming changes, selection and polling of reference 
banks), and to the extent the Transaction Documents for any series of Notes requires the 
Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretions and/or make such determinations, such 
references shall be construed as the Issuer or its financial adviser or alternate agent appointed by 
the Issuer exercising such discretions and/or determinations and/or actions and not the 
Calculation Agent. 
(5) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
(to make available at its registered office to the Holders) a certificate signed by two Directors of 
the Issuer: 
(v) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and/or (D) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); and 
(vi) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Calculation Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Fiscal Agent shall not be liable to the Holders or any other such person for so acting or relying 
on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such person. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to 
the Calculation Agent’s and the Agents’ respective abilities to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agents and the Noteholders. 
(6) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 9(a)(1) (Independent Adviser), 
Condition 9(a)(2) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), Condition 9(a)(3) (Adjustment Spread) 
and Condition 9(a)(4) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5(d) (Fallback – Mid-Swap Rate), Condition 5(e) (Fallback 
– CMT Rate), Condition 6(c) (Screen Rate Determination – Other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference CMS Rate, SOFR or €STR) or Condition 6(d) (Screen Rate Determination – Floating

--- Page 96 ---
85 
Rate Notes which are CMS-Linked Notes), as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and 
until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Fiscal Agent has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with Condition 9(a)(5) (Notices, etc.). 
(7) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 9(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, the Issuer determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, the Issuer determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) or (if the Independent Adviser or, where 
applicable, the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, to be appropriate) 
(iv) 
the Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, the Issuer determines, having regard to the objective, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, has the effect of reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 9(a)(2) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and of a 
duration corresponding to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable); 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(4) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means:

--- Page 97 ---
86 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will 
be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-
paragraph (iv) above, on the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in 
the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement, and, in each case, not the date of the making of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate experience in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 9(a)(1) (Independent 
Adviser); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
or, if applicable, any other successor or alternative rate (or any component part thereof) 
determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of this Condition 9(a) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or

--- Page 98 ---
87 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (aa) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (bb) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (cc) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (dd) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(b) 
Benchmark Transition Event  
Where the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, 
applicable to the Notes is SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 5 
(Reset Note Provisions) or Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions), as applicable, this Condition 
9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event) shall apply.  
(vii) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(viii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(ix) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event), including 
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the 
sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the Holders or any other party. Neither the Fiscal Agent nor the Calculation Agent will have any 
liability for any determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with 
a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement.  
In no event shall the Fiscal Agent or Calculation Agent be responsible for determining if a 
Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any 
adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest 
determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or 
successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its designee 
and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event), no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted if and to the extent that the Issuer determines, in its sole 
discretion, that such Benchmark Replacement prejudices, or could reasonably be expected to prejudice, 
after the application of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes and the further decisions and determinations as described below, the

--- Page 99 ---
88 
qualification of (i) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes as eligible liabilities or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments or (ii) the Tier 2 Capital Notes as Tier 2 Capital, in each case for the 
purposes of and in accordance with the Loss Absorption Regulations. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that immediately preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable), or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first 
Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series 
of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, or (iv) if there is no such preceding Reset Determination Date, 
the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(b) (Benchmark Transition Event): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior 
to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(D) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 100 ---
89 
(E) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(F) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is 
reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states 
that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of

--- Page 101 ---
90 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
“designee” means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for the Notes 
in writing; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by 
the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
10 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled or (pursuant to Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition 
to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes), Condition 10(m) (Pre-
condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Preferred Notes), Condition 10(n) (Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital Notes) or Condition 
10(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes)) 
substituted, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount, together with accrued and 
unpaid interest, on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 (Payments – Bearer Notes) 
and 12 (Payments – Registered Notes) (as applicable).  
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Subject to Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 
2 Capital Notes) in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes or Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, if the Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the 
Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (together with any accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call).

--- Page 102 ---
91 
(c) 
Redemption for Tax Event 
Subject to Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 
2 Capital Notes) in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes or Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, if a Tax Event has occurred, the Notes 
may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, (if the Notes are Floating Rate 
Notes) on the next Interest Payment Date or (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) at any time at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed 
for redemption, provided that the Issuer provides not less than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ prior 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) (such notice being irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(c) (Redemption for 
Tax Event). 
(d) 
Redemption for Capital Disqualification Event 
In the case of any Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes only and subject to Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes), if a Capital 
Disqualification Event has occurred, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Tier 2 Capital Notes, in 
whole but not in part, (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) on the next Interest Payment Date or (if the 
Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) at any time at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Capital 
Disqualification Event), together with any accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption, provided that the Issuer provides not less than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ prior 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), and the Holders of the Tier 2 Capital Notes in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (such notice being irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for 
such redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(d) (Redemption for Capital 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
10(d) (Redemption for Capital Disqualification Event). 
(e) 
Redemption for Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
This Condition 10(e) (Redemption for Loss Absorption Disqualification Event) applies in respect of all 
Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes except for any Series where “Senior 
Notes: Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Redemption” is expressly specified to be “Not 
Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes), if Loss Absorption Disqualification Call is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in whole but not in part, 
(if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) on the next Interest Payment Date or (if the Notes are not Floating 
Rate Notes) at any time at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event), together with any accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, 
provided that the Issuer provides not less than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ prior notice to the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (such notice being irrevocable) specifying the 
date fixed for such redemption.

--- Page 103 ---
92 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(e) (Redemption for Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 10(e) (Redemption for Loss Absorption Disqualification Event). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
This Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) shall not apply to Tier 2 Capital Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified 
in the relevant Put Option Notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), together with any accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), deposit with any Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) such Note, together with any unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Agent. The relevant Agent or the Registrar (as the case 
may be) with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance 
with this Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Agent or Registrar (as the case may be) shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection 
by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by an Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) in accordance with this 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all 
purposes.  
The Holder of a Note may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of an 
exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer), 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event), 10(e) (Redemption for Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event) or 10(g) (Partial redemption), and any exercise of the first-mentioned option in 
such circumstances shall have no effect. 
(g) 
Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by 
the drawing of lots in such place and in such manner as the Issuer considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority and/or stock exchange by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing and/or trading and the notice to Noteholders referred to in 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes 
so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the 
proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such 
date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any such redemption must relate to Notes of an aggregate principal amount 
at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount (as applicable).

--- Page 104 ---
93 
(h) 
No other redemption  
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 10(a) 
(Scheduled redemption) to 10(g) (Partial redemption). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(i) (Early redemption 
of Zero Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase 
Subject to Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 
2 Capital Notes) in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes or Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes and notwithstanding Condition 3 (Status), 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may purchase or otherwise acquire any of the outstanding Notes at 
any price in the open market or otherwise, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed pursuant to this Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase) will be 
cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at 
the time of redemption). All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may, 
subject to obtaining any Supervisory Permission therefor, be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer or any such subsidiary, cancelled. 
(l) 
Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes 
This Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 
Capital Notes) applies to Tier 2 Capital Notes only. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase), any redemption, 
purchase, substitution or variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes (and giving of notice thereof to the Holders 
if required) pursuant to Conditions 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 10(c) (Redemption 
for Tax Event), 10(d) (Redemption for Capital Disqualification Event), 10(j) (Purchase) or 10(n) 
(Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital Notes) shall be subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining prior Supervisory Permission therefor;  
(ii) 
in the case of any redemption or purchase prior to the Maturity Date, if and to the extent then 
required under prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements, either: (A) the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are

--- Page 105 ---
94 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or (B) save in the case of paragraph (iii)(C) 
below, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed 
its minimum requirements (including any applicable buffer requirements) by a margin that the 
Relevant Regulator considers necessary at such time; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any redemption or purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, if and to the extent then required under prevailing 
Regulatory Capital Requirements:  
(A) 
in the case of redemption upon a Tax Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Regulator that the applicable change in tax treatment is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the relevant Series 
of Notes; or  
(B) 
in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the 
Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the relevant 
change (or pending change which the Relevant Regulator considers to be sufficiently 
certain) in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at 
the Issue Date of the last tranche of Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(C) 
in the case of a purchase pursuant to Condition 10(j) (Purchase), the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the Issuer has (or will 
have), before or at the same time as such purchase, replaced the Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer, and the Relevant Regulator having permitted such action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
in the case of a purchase pursuant to Condition 10(j) (Purchase), the Notes being 
purchased for market-making purposes in accordance with the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption, purchase, substitution or 
variation, the prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements (including any such Regulatory Capital 
Requirements which are imposed in order for the Notes to be eligible to qualify as Tier 2 Capital) permit 
the repayment, purchase, substitution or variation only after compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, 
Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes), the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).  
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to give its Supervisory Permission as contemplated above shall 
not constitute a default for any purpose. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution, variation or redemption pursuant to Conditions 
10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event), 10(d) (Redemption for 
Capital Disqualification Event), 10(j) (Purchase) and 10(n) (Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital 
Notes), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its registered office to the Holders 
(i) a certificate signed by two Directors stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise 
to the right to redeem, substitute or, as appropriate, vary is satisfied and, in the case of a substitution or 
variation, that the terms of the relevant Qualifying Tier 2 Securities comply with the definition thereof 
in Condition 1 (Interpretation) and (ii) in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10(c)

--- Page 106 ---
95 
(Redemption for Tax Event) only, an opinion from a nationally recognised law firm or other tax adviser 
in the Relevant Jurisdiction experienced in such matters to the effect that the relevant requirement or 
circumstance referred to in the definition of “Tax Event” applies (but, for the avoidance of doubt, such 
opinion shall not be required to comment on the ability of the Issuer to avoid such circumstance by 
taking measures reasonably available to it). 
The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to 
whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, 
check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or 
incorrect. 
(m) 
Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) applies to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes only. 
If and to the extent then required under the prevailing Loss Absorption Regulations, the Issuer may only 
exercise a right to redeem, purchase, substitute or vary Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred 
Notes pursuant to Conditions 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 10(c) (Redemption for Tax 
Event), 10(e) (Redemption for Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), 10(j) (Purchase) and 10(o) 
(Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) if the Issuer has 
obtained prior Supervisory Permission therefor. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption, purchase, substitution or 
variation, the prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements or Loss Absorption Regulations (including 
any requirements which are imposed in order for the Notes to be eligible to qualify as eligible liabilities 
instruments) permit the repayment, substitution, variation or purchase only after compliance with one or 
more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 10(m) (Pre-
condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Preferred Notes), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-
condition(s). 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to give its Supervisory Permission as contemplated above shall 
not constitute a default for any purpose. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution, variation or redemption pursuant to Conditions 
10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event), 10(e) (Redemption for 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), 10(j) (Purchase) and 10(o) (Substitution and Variation of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent to 
make available at its registered office to the Holders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors stating that 
the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem, substitute or, as appropriate, 
vary is satisfied and, in the case of a substitution or variation, that the terms of the relevant Loss 
Absorption Compliant Notes comply with the definition thereof in Condition 1 (Interpretation) and (ii) 
in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event) only, an opinion 
from a nationally recognised law firm or other tax adviser in the Relevant Jurisdiction experienced in 
such matters to the effect that the relevant requirement or circumstance referred to the definition of “Tax 
Event” applies (but, for the avoidance of doubt, such opinion shall not be required to comment on the 
ability of the Issuer to avoid such circumstance by taking measures reasonably available to it).

--- Page 107 ---
96 
The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to 
whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, 
check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or 
incorrect. 
(n) 
Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital Notes 
This Condition 10(n) (Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital Notes) applies to each Series of Tier 
2 Capital Notes unless “Tier 2 Capital Notes: Substitution and Variation” is expressly specified to be 
“Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Tax Event or a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to Condition 
10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes) and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 
20 (Notices), the Registrar and the Fiscal Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date for substitution or, as the case may be, variation of the Notes) but without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Holders, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, 
or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Tier 2 
Securities, and the Fiscal Agent shall (subject to the following provisions of this Condition 10(n) 
(Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital Notes) and subject to the receipt by it of the certificates of 
the Directors referred to in Condition 10(l) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or 
Variation of the Tier 2 Capital Notes)) on its own behalf and as agent of the Issuer agree to such 
substitution or variation. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or 
substitute the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(n) (Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital 
Notes), as the case may be. The Fiscal Agent shall at the request and expense of the Issuer use its 
reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in the substitution of the Notes for, or the variation of the 
terms of the Notes so that they remain, or as appropriate, become, Qualifying Tier 2 Securities, provided 
that the Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to participate in, or assist with, any such substitution or 
variation if the terms of the proposed alternative Qualifying Tier 2 Securities or the participation in or 
assistance with such substitution or variation would impose, in the Fiscal Agent’s opinion, more onerous 
obligations upon it or reduce its rights or protections. If, notwithstanding the above, the Fiscal Agent 
does not participate or assist as provided above, the Issuer may, subject as provided above, redeem the 
Notes as provided in Condition 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event) or 10(d) (Redemption for Capital 
Disqualification Event).  
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 10(n) (Substitution 
and Variation of Tier 2 Capital Notes), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to 
whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, 
check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or 
incorrect.  
(o) 
Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 10(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred 
Notes) applies to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes unless “Senior 
Notes: Substitution and Variation” is expressly specified to be “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
97 
If a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or a Tax Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject 
to Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Registrar and the Fiscal Agent 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as the case may be, 
variation of the Notes) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, at any 
time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, the governing law of Condition 23(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers)) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, 
and the Fiscal Agent shall (subject to the following provisions of this Condition 10(o) (Substitution and 
Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) and subject to the receipt by it of 
the certificates of the Directors referred to in Condition 10(m) (Pre-condition to Redemption, Purchase, 
Substitution or Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes)) on its own behalf 
and as agent of the Issuer agree to such substitution or variation. Upon the expiry of such notice, the 
Issuer shall either vary the terms of or substitute the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(o) 
(Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes), as the case may 
be. The Fiscal Agent shall at the request and expense of the Issuer use its reasonable endeavours to assist 
the Issuer in the substitution of the Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Notes so that they 
remain, or as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, provided that the Fiscal Agent 
shall not be obliged to participate in, or assist with, any such substitution or variation if the terms of the 
proposed alternative Loss Absorption Compliant Notes or the participation in or assistance with such 
substitution or variation would impose, in the Fiscal Agent’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it 
or reduce its rights or protections. If, notwithstanding the above, the Fiscal Agent does not participate or 
assist as provided above, the Issuer may, subject as provided above, redeem the Notes as provided in 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption for Tax Event) or 10(e) (Redemption for Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event).  
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 10(o) (Substitution 
and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes), the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to 
whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, 
check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or 
incorrect. 
11 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 11 (Payments – Bearer Notes) is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Agent outside the United States by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of

--- Page 109 ---
98 
the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in Condition 11(a) (Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of an Agent in New York City if: 
(i) the Issuer has appointed Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in 
which the payment is due when due; (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
Save as provided in Condition 13 (Taxation), payments in respect of the Bearer Notes will be subject in 
all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or 
other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are or agree to be subject and the Issuer or 
any of its Agents will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
laws, regulations, directives or agreements, and no commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note 
is presented for payment without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; or 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant 
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this Condition 11(e)(ii)(A) would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount 
of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 11(a) 
(Principal) against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.

--- Page 110 ---
99 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Reset Note Provisions are applicable or that the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole 
of such Note pursuant to Conditions 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 10(c) (Redemption 
for Tax Event), 10(d) (Redemption for Capital Disqualification Event), 10(e) (Redemption for Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event), 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or 14 
(Enforcement), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void 
and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of 
the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled 
to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation 
of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Partial payments 
If an Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, 
such Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon 
Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further 
Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 15 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 12 (Payments – Registered Notes) is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency and (in the case of redemption) upon 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Agent. 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency and (in the case of interest payable 
on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Agent.

--- Page 111 ---
100 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
Save as provided in Condition 13 (Taxation), payments in respect of the Registered Notes will be subject 
in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or 
other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are or agree to be subject, and the Issuer or 
any of its agents will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
laws, regulations, directives or agreements, and no commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value the due date, or, 
if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will 
be initiated: (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of 
the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of an Agent; and (ii) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day. 
(e) 
Partial payments 
If an Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer shall procure that the 
amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon 
presentation of a Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is 
endorsed on the relevant Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date  
Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in the 
Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar’s Specified Office on the 15th business day 
before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”). 
13 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross-up 
All payments of principal, interest and any other amounts in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall (a) in the case of each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, unless the relevant 
Final Terms expressly specifies “Senior Preferred Notes: Gross-up of principal” as “Not Applicable”, in 
respect of payments of interest (if any) or principal or (b) in the case of all Tier 2 Capital Notes and all 
Senior Non-Preferred, in respect of payments of interest (if any) only and not principal, pay such 
additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
Relevant Jurisdiction other than a mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 112 ---
101 
(ii) 
in respect of which the Note or Certificate is presented for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder thereof would have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days. 
References in these Conditions to interest shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts which 
may become payable pursuant to the foregoing provisions or any undertakings given in addition thereto 
or in substitution therefor. 
(b) 
FATCA 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement, any amounts 
to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or 
any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any 
other person will be required to pay any Additional Amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
14 
Enforcement 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes (Unrestricted Default) 
The provisions of this Condition 14(a) (Senior Preferred Notes (Unrestricted Default)) shall have effect 
in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes where the relevant Final Terms expressly specify that 
Condition 14(b) (Tier 2 Capital Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(Restricted Default)) is “Not Applicable”. 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then the Issuer shall be deemed to be in default 
under the Notes and whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable at their principal 
amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest without further action or formality: 
(i) 
Non-payment: any principal or interest on the Notes has not been paid within seven days (in the 
case of principal) and within 14 days (in the case of interest) from the due date for payment; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under these Conditions and that breach has not been remedied within 30 days 
of receipt of a written notice from a Holder to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent requiring the same 
to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
Winding-up: a Winding-Up of the Issuer. 
A Holder may, at any time at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings or take such 
steps or actions as it may think fit against the Issuer to enforce the terms of these Conditions. 
(b) 
Tier 2 Capital Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (Restricted Default) 
The provisions of this Condition 14(b) (Tier 2 Capital Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (Restricted Default)) shall have effect in relation to (i) any Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes where the relevant Final Terms expressly specify that Condition 14(b) (Tier 2 Capital Notes, 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (Restricted Default)) is “Applicable”, and (ii) 
each Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
102 
(i) 
If the Issuer does not make payment in respect of the Notes (in the case of payment of principal) 
for a period of seven days or more or (in the case of any interest payment) for a period of 14 days 
or more, in each case after the date on which such payment is due, the Issuer shall be deemed to 
be in default under the Notes and a Holder, in its discretion, may institute proceedings for the 
winding-up of the Issuer. 
In the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer (whether or not instituted by one or more Holders 
pursuant to the foregoing), a Holder may prove and/or claim in such Winding-Up of the Issuer, 
such claim being as contemplated in Condition 3 (Status). 
(ii) 
Without prejudice to Condition 14(b)(i), a Holder may at its discretion and without notice institute 
such steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term or 
condition binding on the Issuer under the Notes (other than any payment obligation of the Issuer 
under or arising from the Notes, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes, including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations) and in no 
event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such steps, actions or proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it pursuant to these Conditions. Nothing in this Condition 14(b)(ii) shall, 
however, prevent a Holder from instituting proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or 
proving and/or claiming in any Winding-Up of the Issuer in respect of any payment obligations 
of the Issuer arising from the Notes (including any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations) in the circumstances provided in Conditions 3 (Status) and 14(b)(i). 
(c) 
No further remedies  
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 14 (Enforcement), shall be 
available to the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect 
of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes. 
15 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented 
for payment within 10 years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of Bearer Notes 
shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate 
Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the 
relevant Certificates are surrendered for payment within 10 years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons, or the Registrar, in the case 
of Registered Notes (and if the Notes are admitted to listing and/or trading by any competent authority and/or 
stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by the competent authority and/or stock exchange), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority and/or stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates or 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17 
Agents 
The initial Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent and the Transfer Agents and their initial Specified 
Offices are listed below. They act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship

--- Page 114 ---
103 
of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent and the Transfer Agents 
and to appoint replacement agents or other Transfer Agents, provided that it will: 
(a) 
at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, a Registrar and a Transfer Agent; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing and/or trading by any competent authority and/or 
stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall 
maintain an Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority and/or 
stock exchange. 
Notice of any such termination or appointment and of any change in the Specified Offices of the Fiscal Agent, 
the Registrar, the Calculation Agent and the Transfer Agents will be given to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices). If any of the Calculation Agent, Registrar or the Fiscal Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if it fails to make a determination or calculation or otherwise fails to perform its duties under 
these Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (as the case may be), the Issuer shall appoint an independent 
financial institution to act as such in its place. All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation 
Agent, the Registrar or the Fiscal Agent in relation to the Notes and the Coupons shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and 
the Holders. All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to these Conditions 
will be made in consultation with the Issuer. 
18 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions, subject, where applicable, to 
Condition 18(c) (Supervisory Permission). Such a meeting (which need not be a physical meeting and 
instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference platform) may be 
convened by the Issuer or by Holders holding not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Holders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain of these Conditions (including, inter alia, the provisions regarding status and 
subordination referred to in Condition 3 (Status), the terms concerning currency and due dates for 
payment of principal or interest payments in respect of the Notes and reducing or cancelling the principal 
amount of, or interest on, any Notes or varying the method of calculating the Rate of Interest) the quorum 
will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such 
meeting not less than one-third, in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The 
agreement or approval of the Holders shall not be required in the case of (i) the implementation of any 
Benchmark Amendments described in Condition 9(a)(4) (Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) any 
variation of these Conditions and/or the Fiscal Agency Agreement required to be made in the 
circumstances described in Conditions 10(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Senior Preferred Notes) and 10(n) (Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital Notes) in connection 
with the variation of the terms of the Notes so that they become alternative Qualifying Tier 2 Securities

--- Page 115 ---
104 
or Loss Absorption Compliant Notes, as the case may be, and to which the Fiscal Agent has agreed 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of Conditions 10(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes) or 10(n) (Substitution and Variation of Tier 2 Capital Notes), 
as the case may be. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of Holders will be binding on all Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed, at a meeting duly convened and 
held, by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or (iii) if applicable, consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of the holder(s) of not less 
than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case be 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders. Any resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Holders. 
The consent or approval of the Holders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the Conditions 
or the Fiscal Agency Agreement pursuant to and in accordance with Condition 9(a)(4) (Benchmark 
Amendments).  
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Fiscal Agency Agreement (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Conditions) if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the 
interests of the Holders. 
No modification to these Conditions or any other provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement shall 
become effective unless (if and to the extent required at the relevant time by the Relevant Regulator) the 
Issuer shall have given at least 30 days’ prior written notice thereof to, and received Supervisory 
Permission therefor from, the Relevant Regulator (or such other period of notice as the Relevant 
Regulator may from time to time require or accept and, in any event, provided that there is a requirement 
to give such notice and obtain such Supervisory Permission). 
Any such modification, authorisation, waiver or determination shall be binding on the Holders and such 
modification shall be notified to the Holders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Supervisory Permission 
No modification to these Conditions shall become effective unless (if and to the extent required at the 
relevant time by the Relevant Regulator) the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days’ prior written notice 
thereof to, and received Supervisory Permission therefor from, the Relevant Regulator (or such other 
period of notice as the Relevant Regulator may from time to time require or accept and, in any event, 
provided that there is a requirement to give such notice and obtain such Supervisory Permission). 
(d) 
Notices 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution shall be binding on all Holders and shall be 
notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 116 ---
105 
19 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, but subject to any 
Supervisory Permission required, create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions 
as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such 
further issue shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding securities of any Series 
(including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. References in 
these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued 
pursuant to this Condition 19 (Further Issues) and forming a single Series with the Notes.  
20 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes  
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is 
not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in 
all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the first weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) after the date of mailing.  
(c) 
Notices given by Holders 
Notices to be given by any Holder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
(d) 
All Notices 
The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are duly published (if such publication is required) in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority 
on which the Notes are for the time being listed and/or admitted to trading. 
21 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.0005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one 
half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note by virtue of the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 117 ---
106 
23 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction, etc. 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons, and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law, save that the provisions of Condition 3 (Status) relating to the status, ranking and (if applicable) 
subordination of the Notes and waiver of set-off are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of Hungary. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Notes or the Coupons and, accordingly, any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with them (including any legal action or proceedings 
relating to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (“Proceedings”) may 
be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in 
respect of any such Proceedings. Nothing in this Condition 23 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction etc.) 
shall prevent the Holders from bringing Proceedings in any competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking 
of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG as its agent in England to receive service of process in any 
Proceedings in England. If for any reason the Issuer does not have such an agent in England, it will 
promptly appoint a substitute process agent and notify the Holders of such appointment. Nothing herein 
shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers  
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements, or understanding between the Issuer and the Holders, each Holder acknowledges and 
accepts that a liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-In Tool by the 
Relevant Regulator, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-In Tool (or any analogous powers) by the Relevant Regulator 
in relation to any liability of the Issuer to the Noteholders under the Notes, that (without 
limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof:  
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the liabilities arising under the Notes or outstanding 
amounts due thereon;  
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the liabilities arising under the Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the Noteholders of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;  
(C) 
the cancellation of the liabilities arising under the Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the dates 
on which any payments are due, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and

--- Page 118 ---
107 
(ii) 
the variation of the Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Regulator (including, 
without limitation, the governing law and jurisdiction), to give effect to the exercise of the Bail-
In Tool by the Relevant Regulator. 
No repayment nor a payment of amounts otherwise due on the Notes will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Regulator if and to the extent such amounts 
have been reduced, converted, cancelled, suspended (for so long as such suspension or moratorium is 
outstanding), amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the amounts otherwise due on the Notes, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the 
exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Regulator with respect to the Issuer, the suspension of 
payments under the Notes for a temporary period by the Relevant Regulator nor the exercise of the Bail-
in Tool by the Relevant Regulator with respect to the Notes will be a default or an event of default for 
any purpose. 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Regulator with respect to any Notes, the Issuer 
shall promptly give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Registrar and 
the Fiscal Agent. Any delay or failure by the Issuer in delivering any notice referred to in this Condition 
23 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction, etc.) shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the use of 
the Bail-in Tool.

--- Page 119 ---
108 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, duly supplemented (if 
necessary), amended (if necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their 
issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by [the PRIIPs Regulation][Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014] as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
“MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”)][UK MiFIR]; and (ii) all channels

--- Page 120 ---
109 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)/distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – [To insert notice if classification of the 
Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]1 
 
Final Terms dated [] 20[●] 
OTP BANK NYRT.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900W3MOO00A18X956 
Issue of [Currency][Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 2 May 2023 [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms have 
been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 31 May 2022 which are incorporated by 
reference in the base prospectus dated 2 May 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be 
read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 31 May 2022 which constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted 
                                                          
1  Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offers, pursuant to s.309B of the SFA.

--- Page 121 ---
110 
from the base prospectus dated 31 May 2022. [The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms have been published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
1. 
Issuer: 
OTP Bank Nyrt. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [] on []/[the Issue Date]/[exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [25] below [which 
is expected to occur on or about []].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [and integral multiples of [] in excess thereof up to (and 
including) []. [No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above []].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[Floating Rate [[●] Month] [[●]/[EURIBOR/SOFR/€STR] 
+/– [] per cent.]] 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Compounded Index] 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest][Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[]/[100]] per cent. of their principal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 122 ---
111 
(see paragraph [18]/[21] below) 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes]/[Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes]/[Tier 2 Capital Notes] 
 
[(ii)] 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Restricted Default: 
Condition 14(b) (Tier 2 Capital Notes, Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (Restricted 
Default)): [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii)] Senior Preferred Notes: 
Gross-up of principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(iv)] [Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable from [] to [] [if 
so elected by the Issuer on or before []]] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually]/[semi-
annually]/[quarterly]/[] in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[]/[and []] in each year[, up to and including []/[the 
Maturity Date], commencing on [] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling on []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually]/[semi-
annually]/[quarterly]/[] in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/ [CMT Rate] 
 
(iii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]2 
                                                          
2 
For Notes which are intended to count as MREL, the Subsequent Margin shall be equal to the First Margin.

--- Page 123 ---
112 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, commencing on [] 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up 
to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in]/[on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) First Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[] [and []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Fixed Leg Swap Payment 
Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
CMT Designated 
Maturity: 
[[]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(xiii) CMT Rate Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(xiv) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xv) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[] 
 
(xvi) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
- 
Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[] per cent. 
 
(xvii) Reset Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
- 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[] per cent. 
 
(xviii) Last Observable Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Subsequent Reset Rate 
Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Subsequent Reset Rate 
Last Observable Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[CMS Rate]/[] 
 
(xxii) Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
(xxiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]

--- Page 124 ---
113 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
(xxiv) Reset Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[The provisions of the Conditions apply] 
 
(xxv) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable from [] to [] 
[if so elected by the Issuer on or before []]] 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] [and []] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iv) below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Effective Interest Payment 
Date:  
[The date falling [●] Local Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the last Interest Period will be 
the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Notes before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for 
redemption (include for Payment Delay only)]/[Note 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[FRN Convention] 
[Floating Rate Convention] 
[Eurodollar Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[]

--- Page 125 ---
114 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is not applicable 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[currency] [[●] month] [EURIBOR][SOFR/€STR/Index 
Determination (SOFR)/CMS Rate]/[●] 
 
 
 
Reference Bank(s): 
[] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[The date falling [] [Local] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [[ first, second, third etc.] [Local] Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
each Interest Period (or immediately preceding such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Interest Payment Date at 
the end of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the last Interest Period 
prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption 
will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include this wording for 
Payment Delay only]]3  
 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[]/[New York Federal Reserve’s Website]/[ECB’s 
Website]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[[] in the Relevant Financial Centre]/[as per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]4 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[London]/[Brussels]/[New York City]/[] 
 
 
 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Observation 
Look-
back Period: 
[[●]/five Local Business Days]/[Not Applicable]5 
                                                          
3 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SOFR or €STR, without the prior 
agreement of the Fiscal Agent. 
4 
Select “Not Applicable” for SOFR or €STR. 
5  The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Local Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest 
Determination Date. “Observation Look-back Period” is only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation 
Method; otherwise, select “Not Applicable”.

--- Page 126 ---
115 
 
 
 
D: 
[365/360/[●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [●] Local Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable - used for Payment Delay only]6/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable]7 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable]8 
 
 
 
Determination Time: 
[[] [a.m.]/[p.m.] ([] time)]/[Not Applicable]9 
 
 
 
CMS 
Rate 
Fixing 
Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable]10 
 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is applicable 
 
 
 
SOFR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place: 
[•]/[As per the Conditions]  
 
 
 
Relevant Number: 
[•]/[As per the Conditions]11   
 
 
 
Numerator: 
[•]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
2006 
 
(xi) 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long]/[short] [first]/[last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xii)
 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii
 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv
 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv)
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
                                                          
6 
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Fiscal Agent. 
7 
Select “Not Applicable” for SOFR or €STR. 
8 
Select “Not Applicable” for SOFR or €STR. 
9 
Select “Not Applicable” for SOFR or €STR. 
10 Select “Not Applicable” for SOFR or €STR. 
11  This number should be 5 (or greater), unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 127 ---
116 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION, SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[]/[Any date from (and including) [] to (but excluding) 
[]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on []]/[in the period from (and 
including) [] to (but excluding) []] [and [[] per 
Calculation Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on []]/[in the period from (and 
including) [] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date]] 
 
(iii) 
Series redeemable in part: 
[Yes: [] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Notes may be redeemed on [each]/[the] Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)]/[No] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [[] days]/[as per the Conditions] 
 
 
Maximum period: [[] days]/[as per the Conditions] 
19. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Senior Preferred Notes

--- Page 128 ---
117 
(i) 
Senior Notes: Loss 
Absorption 
Disqualification Event 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Senior Notes: Substitution 
and Variation: 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Senior Notes: Tax Event 
(Deductibility): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
20. 
Tier 2 Capital Notes  
(i) 
Optional Redemption     
Amount (Capital 
Disqualification Event): 
 
(ii) 
Tier 2 Capital Notes: 
Substitution and Variation: 
 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Tier 2 Capital Notes: Tax 
Event (Deductibility): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
21. 
Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [[] days]/[as per the Conditions] 
Maximum period: [[] days]/[as per the Conditions] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Redemption Amount for Zero 
Coupon Notes: 
[]/[As per Condition 10(i) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note]

--- Page 129 ---
118 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate exchangeable for Individual Certificates 
in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Certificate] 
[Global Certificate [(U.S.$[]/€[] principal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (NSS))]/[Individual Certificates] 
26. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
27. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
SIGNED on behalf of 
OTP BANK NYRT.: 
 
 
By: ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 130 ---
119 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have not been rated]/ [have been rated:] 
[S&P Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”): [●]] 
[Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Ltd (“Moody's”): []] 
[Scope Ratings GmbH (“Scope”): []] 
The issuer credit rating assigned to the Issuer by S&P is [●], the 
long-term counterparty risk rating assigned to the Issuer by 
Moody’s is [●] and the issuer rating assigned to the Issuer by 
Scope Ratings was []. 
[To include brief description of the meaning given to the 
relevant rating by the assigning rating agency]  
[S&P, Moody's and Scope are established in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and are registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). As such, S&P, Moody's and Scope are included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers]/[Dealers] [and as disclosed in “Description of the OTP 
Group’s Business – Framework Agreements with Development Banks” in the Base Prospectus], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer:    [The Notes are [Green/Social/Sustainable Finance] Notes as described, 
and as this term is defined, in the Base Prospectus and the proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
are intended to be used for [“green”/and/“social”] purposes as described in the “Use of 
Proceeds” section of the Base Prospectus.][The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes are 
intended to be used by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in part or in full, new and/or 
existing [description of relevant projects/activity to be inserted].] [see “Use of Proceeds” in

--- Page 131 ---
120 
the Base Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different from general corporate purposes 
and there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will need to be stated here] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: [●] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
[The indicative yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]/[The 
indicative yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of an 
assumed Issue Price of [100] per cent. It is not an indication of 
an individual investor’s actual or future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Agent(s) 
(if 
any): 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to be held 
under the NSS][and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. While the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the

--- Page 132 ---
121 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1]/[2];[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA 
D]/[TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no “key information 
document” will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified] 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no “key information 
document” will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified] 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(vi) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
 
 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
 
 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
(vii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
8. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]. 
As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended.  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [●] does not 
fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended.]]/[Not Applicable] 
[If the References Rate is EURIBOR, select the below option]  
[EURIBOR is provided by European Money Markets Institute. 
As at the date hereof, European Money Markets Institute 
appears in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended.] 
[If the References Rate is CMS Rate, select the below option]  
[CMS Rate is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (“IBA”). As at the date hereof, IBA is not included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and

--- Page 133 ---
122 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended, apply, such that the IBA is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)] 
[If the Reset Rate is CMT Rate, select the below option]  
[CMT Rate is provided by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System. As at the date hereof, the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System is not included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended, apply, such that the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration.]

--- Page 134 ---
123 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note, without interest 
coupons, or a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the “Standards for the 
use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro 
(the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time, the ECB also announced 
that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 30 
June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or a successor provision) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or a successor provision) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in 
relation to the Notes or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of a 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(a) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, then if either of the following events occurs:

--- Page 135 ---
124 
(a) 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in the applicable provisions of Condition 14 (Enforcement) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to (or to the order of) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, the Permanent Global Note shall only be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Bearer Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “—Summary of 
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either: 
(a) 
Individual Certificates; or 
(b) 
one or more Global Certificates, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Certificate will be issued to each holder of Registered 
Notes in respect of its registered holding. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg had designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the NSS 
would be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations” of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. 
The press release also stated that the new arrangements for notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by

--- Page 136 ---
125 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global 
registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be 
eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the NSS is used. 
Each Note represented by a Global Certificate will either be: (a) in the case of a Certificate which is not to be 
held under the NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Certificate will be deposited on 
or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Certificate to be held under the NSS, 
be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Certificate will be deposited on 
or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Certificates”, then the Notes will at 
all times be represented by Individual Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
Global Certificate exchangeable for Individual Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Global Certificate exchangeable for Individual 
Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Certificates each of which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Certificates if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in 
the limited circumstances described in the Global Certificate”, then: 
(a) 
in the case of any Global Certificate, if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in the applicable provisions of Condition 14 
(Enforcement) occurs. 
Whenever a Global Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Certificates, each person having an interest in 
a Global Certificate must provide the relevant Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with such 
information as the Issuer and the relevant Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Certificates 
(including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented by the Individual Certificates 
are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person’s holding). 
Whenever a Global Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that 
Individual Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Global Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the 
Global Certificate to the relevant Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Certificates against the surrender of the Global Certificate at the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in 
particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the relevant Registrar 
may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Registered Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Certificate 
and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions.

--- Page 137 ---
126 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Certificate will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “—Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Conditions to “Noteholder” 
or “Holder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is 
held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an 
NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary, common depositary, sub-custodian or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Certificates, references in the Conditions 
to “Noteholder” or “Holder” are references to the person in whose name the relevant Global Certificate is for 
the time being registered in the Register which is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary 
or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or sub-custodian or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for 
that depositary or common depositary or sub-custodian or common safekeeper, as the case may be. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Certificate (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing 
system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder 
of such Global Note or Global Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or 
Global Certificate. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights 
arising under a Global Note or Global Certificate will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, Accountholders shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Transfers of Interests in Global Notes and Global Certificates 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Certificates within Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures. 
None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Calculation Agent or the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of any of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system or any of their respective participants relating to payments made on account of 
beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or Global Certificate or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any of the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system 
or the records of their respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in respect 
of their holdings of Notes. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Certificate to such persons 
will be limited. Because clearing systems only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect 
participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Global Certificate to pledge such interest to persons 
or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such 
interest, may be affected by the lack of an Individual Certificate representing such interest.

--- Page 138 ---
127 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Certificate will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they apply to 
the Global Note or Global Certificate. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Certificate which, according to the Conditions, 
require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Certificate or Coupon will be made against presentation and 
(in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or 
Global Certificate to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal 
or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment 
is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
All payments of interest in respect of a Series of Notes represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate shall 
be calculated in respect of the total aggregate amount of the Notes represented by the relevant Global Note or 
Global Certificate.  
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note or a Global Certificate, if the currency of payment is euro, 
any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Certificate will be made to the person, being the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing 
System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders), the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Certificate must, within the 
period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such 
exercise to the Registrar specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(g) 
(Partial redemption) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate 
may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate and the Global Note, or the Global Certificate is deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
If the Global Notes or Global Certificates are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form or to 
be held under the NSS (as the case may be), on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche, the Global

--- Page 139 ---
128 
Notes or Global Certificates will be delivered to a common safekeeper and the relevant Final Terms will set out 
whether or not the Notes are intended to be held as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem (“Eurosystem eligible collateral”). 
Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral 
with a common safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as Eurosystem eligible 
collateral either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. In the case of 
Notes issued in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be) which are not intended to be held 
as Eurosystem eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future so that such Notes are capable of meeting the eligibility criteria, such Notes may then be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper.

--- Page 140 ---
129 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
including as specified in Part B of the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer may acquire Notes in any offering of 
Notes from time to time for subsequent sale by the Issuer in an amount that may be material in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes, as further specified in the relevant Final Terms. Accordingly, the proceeds of such 
Notes will not be realised by the Issuer until the time of such subsequent sale. No assurance can be given by 
the Issuer whether and when it may sell any such Notes and realise any such proceeds. 
In addition, where the Notes are stated to be “Green” or “Social” Notes in “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of 
the relevant Final Terms and it is stated that the proceeds from the issue of the Notes are intended to be used 
for “green” or “social” purposes as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (“Green Notes” or “Social 
Notes”, respectively, and together, the “Sustainable Finance Notes”), it is the intention of the Issuer that the 
net proceeds from each such issue of Sustainable Finance Notes will be used as so described. If specified 
otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of the relevant Notes will be used as so 
specified.  
For any Sustainable Finance Notes, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of such Sustainable Finance Notes 
is intended to be used to finance and/or refinance a portfolio of loans, credits and investments (such loans, 
credits and investments, an “Eligible Loan Portfolio”) satisfying the Eligibility Criteria (as defined below and 
as further described in the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework). 
The proceeds of any Sustainable Finance Notes will not be used to finance loans linked to fossil fuel energy 
generation, nuclear energy generation, weapons and defence, mining, gambling or tobacco. 
“Eligibility Criteria” means the criteria set out in the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework relating to the 
categories of green buildings, renewable energy, clean transportation and employment generation, and 
programmes designed to prevent and/or alleviate unemployment stemming from socioeconomic crises, 
including through the potential effect of SME financing and microfinance, that may be financed by loans, credits 
and investments in order for such loans, credits and investments to be included in an Eligible Loan Portfolio.  
“Sustainable Finance Framework” means the Sustainable Financing Framework (May 2022) of the Issuer 
published 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.otpbank.hu/static/portal/sw/file/Sustainable_Finance_Framework_ENG_20220524.pdf), 
including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time, relating 
to the issuance of Sustainable Finance Instruments.  
The proceeds from the issuance of Sustainable Finance Notes will be managed by the Issuer using a portfolio 
approach. The Issuer intends to allocate these proceeds to an Eligible Loan Portfolio, selected in accordance 
with the use of proceeds criteria and evaluation and selection process described in the Sustainable Finance 
Framework. The Issuer will endeavour, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Loan Portfolio 
that matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Sustainable Finance Notes.  
Unallocated net proceeds from any Sustainable Finance Notes will be held in the OTP Group’s liquid asset 
portfolio, in cash or other short term liquid instruments, at the OTP Group’s sole discretion. 
The Issuer has obtained an independent second-party opinion from ISS ESG to confirm the validity of its 
Sustainable Financing Framework. This independent second-party opinion is published on the Issuer’s website 
at: https://www.otpbank.hu/static/portal/sw/file/Sustainable_Finance_Framework_ENG_SPO_20220524.pdf .

--- Page 141 ---
130 
The Issuer intends to request on an annual basis, starting one year after the issuance of any Sustainable Finance 
Notes and until the maturity (or full allocation) of such Sustainable Finance Notes, a limited assurance report 
of the allocation of the proceeds of such Sustainable Finance Notes to the relevant Eligible Loan Portfolio, 
which will be provided by its external auditor (or any subsequent external auditor). 
In addition, the Issuer intends, within one year from the date of issue of any Sustainable Finance Notes and 
annually thereafter until the proceeds of such Sustainable Finance Notes have been fully allocated, to prepare 
an allocation report and an impact report in respect of that issue.  
Neither the Sustainable Financing Framework, nor any of the above reports, opinions or contents of any of the 
above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors in any Sustainable Finance Notes should also refer to “Risk Factors – Risks relating to 
the Notes – Risks relating to a particular structure of Notes – The application of net proceeds of Sustainable 
Finance Notes as described in “Use of Proceeds” may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an 
investor’s investment criteria”.

--- Page 142 ---
131 
DESCRIPTION OF THE OTP GROUP’S BUSINESS 
Introduction 
The Issuer is both an operating company and the parent company of its corporate group. The OTP Group 
provides universal banking service, including through several domestic and foreign subsidiaries. In Hungary, 
traditional banking operations are performed by the Issuer while specialised services, including car leasing, 
mortgage lending and investment funds, are offered by the Issuer’s subsidiaries. In addition to operating in 
Hungary, the OTP Group currently operates, through its banking subsidiaries, in the following countries: 
Albania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Montenegro, Moldova, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovenia and Ukraine. After the 
completion of a divestment in November 2020, the OTP Group has no more banking operations in Slovakia. 
The OTP Group will also operate in Uzbekistan if the Issuer concludes its announced acquisition of Ipoteka 
Bank. The financial closure of the transaction in Uzbekistan is expected to take place in the first half of 2023. 
The Issuer currently has two representative offices (with non-banking activities, with the sole aim of 
representing and promoting the Issuer in the given country), one is located in Beijing, China, and the other one 
is located in Eschborn, Germany. As at 31 December 2022, the OTP Group provides financial services through 
1,392 branches, agent networks and electronic channels. The OTP Group’s total assets were HUF 32,804 billion 
(EUR 82 billion) as at 31 December 2022, out of which close to 42 per cent. was in Hungary. The next four 
largest foreign operations comprised 42 per cent. of the OTP Group’s total assets (Bulgaria 18 per cent., Croatia 
10 per cent., Serbia 8 per cent. and Slovenia 5 per cent.). Based on publicly available information on central 
bank and bank association websites12, the Issuer’s management believes the Issuer to be the market leader in 
terms of total assets in Hungary and among the leading banking players in Bulgaria, Croatia, Montenegro, 
Serbia and Slovenia. 
History 
The predecessor of the Issuer, the National Savings Bank (Országos Takarékpénztár), was established in 1949 
as a nationwide, state-owned banking entity providing retail services in relation to bank accounts, savings 
accounts and loans. Its activities and the scope of its authorisation have gradually widened. It was initially 
authorised to enter into real estate transactions. Thereafter, its role was extended to provide domestic foreign 
currency accounts and foreign exchange services as well as banking services for Hungarian municipalities. In 
1989, the National Savings Bank started operating as a universal commercial bank. In addition to continuing 
its previous retail and municipal activities, the National Savings Bank became authorised to offer services in 
respect of corporate loan accounts and deposits and to provide commercial loans and banking services for 
corresponding banking and export-import transactions. 
In 1990, the National Savings Bank became a public company with a share capital of HUF 23 billion. Its name 
was changed to National Savings and Commercial Bank (OTP Bank Rt.). Subsequently, its non-banking 
activities were separated from it, along with their supporting organisational units. The state lottery was 
reorganised into a separate state-owned company and OTP Real Estate Ltd. was established as a subsidiary of 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s privatisation began in 1995. As a result of three public offerings accompanied by the listing of the 
Issuer’s shares on the Budapest Stock Exchange, the state’s ownership in the Issuer decreased to a single voting 
preference (golden) share. The law on abolishing the voting preference share of the state came into effect on 21 
                                                          
12Information available (for example) in The National Bank of Hungary – ‘Golden Book’ and similar publications and data available on 
central bank websites for Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro, and Bulgaria and the website of the Bank Association of Slovenia.

--- Page 143 ---
132 
April 2007. Currently, the Issuer’s ownership structure is dispersed with its shares mostly held by institutional 
(financial) and private investors. 
After the completion of its privatisation, the Issuer started its international expansion, targeting countries in the 
CEE region, which were considered to offer economic growth potential similar to that of its domestic market. 
The Issuer has completed several acquisitions during the period 2002 to 2007, becoming one of the key players 
in the CEE region. By the end of 2006, the Issuer operated in nine countries. During the period of 2014 to 2016, 
the OTP Group completed three further acquisitions to enhance its presence in markets where it was already 
present. Between December 2016 and February 2023, the OTP Group completed ten further acquisitions, 
including commencing operations in Albania, Moldova and Slovenia. Please see “Business Overview – History 
of 2016-2023 acquisitions” below. 
The following table sets out the total assets evolution of the OTP Group in the period between 1995 and 
2022: 
 
1995
1996
1997 
1998
1999 
2000 
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005 
2006 
2007
2008
Total assets 
(EUR billion)
 
 
4.3
5.0
5.7 
6.5
7.3 
7.7 
9.3
11.5
13.2
16.9
20.6 
28.1 
33.4
35.4
 
2009
2010
2011 
2012
2013 
2014 
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 
2020 
2021
 2022
Total assets 
(EUR billion)
 
 
36.0
35.1
32.8 
34.7
35.0 
34.8 
34.0
36.0
42.5
45.4
60.9 
63.9 
74.7
82.0
 
The corporate name of the Issuer is OTP Bank Nyrt. The Issuer’s corporate name in English is "OTP Bank Plc". 
The Issuer has its registered seat at Nádor utca 16., 1051 Budapest, Hungary, its telephone number is: +36 1 
473 5000. It was founded on 31 December 1990 for an indefinite period of time and was registered with the 
Metropolitan Court of Budapest on 28 November 1991 as a company limited by shares (in Hungarian: 
részvénytársaság) under the registration number of Cg 01-10-041585. The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
is 529900W3MOO00A18X956. The Issuer operates under Hungarian law, in particular, under Act CCXXXVII 
of 2013 on Credit Institutions and Financial Enterprises (the “Credit Institutions Act”), Act CXX of 2001 on 
the capital markets (the “Capital Markets Act”) and Act CXXXVIII of 2007 on investment firms and 
commodity service providers and on the rules of their activities (the “Investment Firms Act”). 
Shareholder Structure 
The Issuer’s registered capital is HUF 28,000,001,000, divided into 280,000,010 dematerialised ordinary shares 
with a nominal value of HUF 100 each. The ordinary shares of the Issuer all have the same nominal value and 
bestow the same rights in respect of the Issuer. Ordinary shares of the Issuer are listed in Category “Equities 
Prime” on the Budapest Stock Exchange. 
Ownership structure of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022

--- Page 144 ---
133 
Total equity 
31 December 2022 
Description of owner 
% 
%(1)
Qty
Domestic institution/company……….. 
31.80 
31.84
89,040,716
Foreign institution/company .................... 
50.05 
50.11
 
140,129,576
Domestic individual ................................. 
16.91 
16.93
 
47,338,305
Foreign individual .................................... 
0.52 
0.52
 
1,464,494
Employees, senior officers ....................... 
0.55 
0.55
 
1,526,762
Treasury shares(2)...................................... 
0.13 
0.00
 
354,144
Government held owner ........................... 
0.05 
0.05
 
139,946
International Development Institutions .... 
0.00 
0.00
 
3,183
Other(3) ..................................................... 
0.00 
0.00
 
2,884
TOTAL ..................................................... 
100.00 
100.00
 
280,000,010
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Voting rights in the General Meeting of the Issuer for participation in decision-making. 
 
(2) 
Treasury shares do not include the OTP shares held by OTP Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan Organisation 
(“ESOP”). Pursuant to Act V of 2013 on the Civil Code, OTP shares held by the ESOP are not classified as treasury 
shares, but the ESOP must be consolidated in accordance with IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements standard. 
On 31 December 2022, ESOP owned 10,965,752  OTP shares 
(3) 
Non-identified shareholders according to the shareholders’ registry. 
Source: OTP Bank Plc. -  Annual Report 2022, Budapest, 06 April 2023 
To the extent known by the Issuer, direct and/or indirect shareholders of the Issuer with over/around 
5 per cent. stake as at 20 March 2023 
Name 
Number of shares 
Ownership(1)
Voting
rights(1)(2)
MOL (Hungarian Oil and Gas Company Plc.) .. 
24,000,000 
8.57% 
8.58% 
Groupama Group ............................................... 
14,258,161 
5.09% 
5.10% 
Groupama Gan Vie SA ................................... 
14,140,000 
5.05% 
5.06% 
Groupama Biztosító Ltd. ................................ 
118,161 
0.04% 
0.04% 
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc.. ................................ 
14,037,515 
5.01% 
5.02% 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) Rounded to two decimals. 
(2) Voting rights in the General Meeting of the Issuer for participation in decision-making. 
Source: OTP Bank Plc. -  Annual Report 2022, Budapest, 06 April 2023

--- Page 145 ---
134 
Detailed information on the major shareholders of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 
MOL (Hungarian Oil and Gas Company Plc.) 
MOL is one of the largest oil and gas companies in the CEE region and is headquartered in Budapest, Hungary. 
MOL is primarily engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas, the refining of crude 
oil, wholesale and retail sales of refined petroleum products and the production and sale of petrochemicals. In 
addition, the MOL Group is involved in gas infrastructure services. 
On 16 April 2009, the Issuer and MOL concluded a three-year share swap transaction, under which the Issuer 
has exchanged 24,000,000 ordinary shares in the Issuer for 5,010,501 “A series” MOL shares, which now equals 
40,084,008 MOL shares after the 8-for-1 share split in September 2017. As a result of the transaction, MOL 
became a shareholder in the Issuer with 8.57 per cent. holding of ordinary shares. MOL has no representation 
on either the Issuer’s Board of Directors (the “Board of Directors”) or the Issuer's Supervisory Board (the 
“Supervisory Board”). 
As part of the transaction, both parties were granted call and put options to initiate the gross physical settlement 
of shares back to the respective issuer at any time on or before 11 July 2012. There is no compulsory settlement 
of shares at the maturity of the swap agreement. The swap agreement contains additional settlement provisions 
in case of certain movements in relative share prices of the parties subject to net cash or net share settlement, 
as set out in the swap agreement. In July 2012, 2017 and 2022, the maturity of the transaction was increased by 
five years on each occasion and, therefore, the amended final maturity of the swap agreement is 11 July 2027. 
Until such date, either party may initiate cash or physical settlement of the transaction, as set out in the swap 
agreement. 
At the time of the transaction, due to the loss of control over the exchanged shares in the Issuer, the shares in 
the Issuer were derecognised from the balance sheet of the Issuer. At the same time, the written put option over 
the shares in the Issuer were accounted as a deduction from equity in the amount of HUF 55.5 billion, which 
was equal to the carrying value of the exchanged shares in the Issuer at the time of derecognition. The received 
MOL shares are not recognised in the balance sheet of the Issuer. In addition, the net present value of the 
transaction is accounted for in the balance sheet among Derivative financial instruments, which represented 
HUF -649.6 million as at 31 December 2022. 
Groupama Group 
In February 2008, an agreement was made between the Issuer and the Groupama Group, with respect to the 
purchase by Groupama Group of a 100 per cent. shareholding in OTP Garancia Insurance. This transaction 
boosted the OTP Group’s profit and strengthened its capital position with a one-off revenue item of HUF 121.4 
billion. As a part of the transaction, the Issuer and Groupama Group concluded a long-term cooperation 
agreement with each other regarding the cross-selling of financial and insurance products. In addition to this, 
Groupama Group appeared as a strategic owner among the shareholders of the Issuer with its significant 8 per 
cent. share and appointed one member to the Supervisory Board. In 2017, Groupama Group decreased its 
shareholding in the Issuer as part of its strategy to diversify its assets. Following the sale of shares representing 
approximately 3 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital, Groupama Group remained a significant shareholder of 
the Issuer and maintained its representation on the Supervisory Board. 
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
Founded in 1937, Baltimore-based T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. is a global investment management organisation 
with $1.31 trillion in assets under management as of 28 February 2023. The organisation provides a broad array 
of mutual funds, subadvisory services, and separate account management for individual and institutional 
investors, retirement plans, and financial intermediaries. The company also offers sophisticated investment

--- Page 146 ---
135 
planning and guidance tools. T. Rowe Price’s disciplined, risk-aware investment approach focuses on 
diversification, style consistency and fundamental research. 
Business Overview 
Strategy 
The OTP Group’s strategic objective is to meet the needs and expectations of its customers, investors, and 
employees at the highest possible level, and to set a positive example from an environmental, social and 
corporate governance perspective even at an international level. 
The pillars of the OTP Group’s strategy are stability, sustainability, profitability, growth and innovation: 
Stability 
The OTP Group will strive to preserve its safe capital and liquidity positions, to be able at all times to provide 
the conditions for stable operations and growth. Since its Initial Public Offering in 1995, the Issuer has never 
raised equity, never received any state support, and has always comfortably relied on its organic capital 
generation capability. In addition, having dominant market positions in several countries it operates in, the OTP 
Group enjoys relatively strong deposit collection positions. Despite management focus on allocating liquidity 
for lending, the net loan-to-deposit ratio indicates that there is potential for further leverage in the consolidated 
balance sheet of the Issuer. The trust of customers provides a strong source of competitive funding. Since the 
2007/2009 global financial crisis, one of the key considerations of the OTP Group’s business expansion is that 
all subsidiaries should rely as much as reasonably possible on their own deposit generation. The Issuer's 
customers in Russia and Ukraine remained loyal and confident during times of distress, as evidenced by the 19 
per cent. and 21 per cent. year-on-year growth in local currency deposits they made in 2022. 
The Issuer’s management believes that an important lesson from the global financial crisis is that most of the 
OTP Group’s business should be local currency based to avoid significant currency mismatches. In recent years, 
the Issuer has only tapped the covered bond markets for the sake of meeting local regulatory threshold 
requirements and not as a result of pressure on liquidity. 
Throughout all of its operations, the OTP Group promotes transparency, prudence and full compliance with 
European and local regulations. 
Sustainability 
The OTP Group is committed to ensuring sustainability in its socio-economic role and in serving its customers, 
as well as in its own operations. Accordingly, the OTP Group aims to be the regional leader in financing a fair 
and gradual transition to a low-carbon economy and building a sustainable future through responsible solutions. 
As part of its social activities, the OTP Group makes a positive impact through its financial awareness raising 
and donation programmes, and extensive civil society partnerships. As a responsible employer, the OTP Group 
has designed complex programmes for employee well-being. 
Profitability 
The profitability of operations is a key pre-condition for continued growth and stability. Between 2016 and 
2022, the consolidated ROE has exceeded the Issuer’s target of 15 per cent. which was set in 2015. In 2022, the 
ROE of the OTP Group temporarily dropped to 11.0 per cent. due to the direct effects of the Russian-Ukrainian 
war (impairment of Russian government bonds and investment in subsidiaries) and government measures in 
Hungary (special tax on financial institutions, one-off effect of interest rate caps on certain loans in Hungary). 
Without these one-off items, the adjusted ROE was 18.8 per cent. showing resilient and robust underlying 
profitability.

--- Page 147 ---
136 
Growth 
The OTP Group believes in the future of the CEE region and is committed to actively contributing to its progress. 
Through offering its products and services, the OTP Group actively contributes to the growth of the CEE region, 
where the speed of economic expansion in 2019 exceeded the EU average. The OTP Group aims to increase its 
share in all existing markets through organic growth and occasionally by acquisitions in new markets. The 
commitment of the OTP Group in the region has been demonstrated by its acquisition activity in recent years. 
Since 2016, the OTP Group has concluded 11 acquisitions, of which 6 acquisitions have been in 4 new markets. 
As a result of these acquisitions the subsidiaries of the OTP Group became the market leaders in five countries 
in terms of customer loans (Hungary, Bulgaria, Slovenia, Serbia and Montenegro). 
Between 2016 and 2022 the FX adjusted performing customer loans of the OTP Group grew more than three 
times, including the acquisition of Nova Kreditna Banka Maribor d.d. (“Nova KBM d.d.”) in Slovenia which 
closed in February 2023 and the acquisition of Ipoteka Bank in Uzbekistan where the approval is still in progress 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Almost half of the growth came from acquisitions, while half of the 
growth came from organic growth. 
The Issuer’s latest acquisition in Uzbekistan is the first venture of the OTP Group outside Europe. The OTP 
Group believes that Uzbekistan has potential for economic growth given its young and fast growing population 
(approximately 35 million13) and low penetration of banking products. Ipoteka Bank is the first privatisation in 
the Uzbekistani market providing a unique opportunity for the OTP Group, similar to Hungary and Bulgaria 20 
to 30 years ago. 
Innovation 
The OTP Group will continue to make efforts to develop convenient and modern services that are easier and 
faster to access and meet the challenges of the digital age and the expectations of its customers. 
The OTP Group aims to design and operate the most user-friendly and reliable digital platforms. To achieve its 
goal, the OTP Group is investing significant resources to understand customer expectations and to adopt 
customer services to meet those expectations. 
Simple and reliable solutions 
The prerequisite for growth of the OTP Group’s digital channels is that all current and future customers should 
be able to easily and reliably access the OTP Group’s systems. Growth in digital channel use is also supported 
by customer education and modular pricing. The OTP Group develops its applications through many iterative 
steps to test whether those apps are easy to use and stable. The OTP Group upgrades its technological stacks in 
order to create and run fast, fault-tolerant and flexible IT platforms. All key performance indicators of the Issuer 
are focusing on the clients and their experience with its products and platforms. 
Personalised content 
Remote authentication and authorisation solutions will ensure cost-efficient operations for the OTP Group and 
a seamless process for customers. With data integration, services become personalised and digital channels are 
adjusted to customers’ expectations. For a tailor-made customer user interface (UI) experience and online 
content is adjusted by machine learning-driven advanced analytical models. Constant functional expansion is a 
key element of the OTP Group’s digital services strategy. The OTP Group focuses on providing customers with 
financial control through dashboards and portfolio view and a “Bank in the pocket” experience through 
constantly launching new end-to-end digital services. 
                                                          
13 https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.POP.TOTL?locations=UZ

--- Page 148 ---
137 
The Issuer sees personalisation as a must-have feature of the digital environment, since the amount of available 
data has increased radically and thanks to increasingly advanced analytical tools the ability to collect, process 
and analyse data has also increased significantly. As an example, the recently launched new Spend Monitor 
feature enables users to automatically organise their expenses into pre-set budget categories and add individual 
categories that match their own life events. All data is managed as a cooperative effort between the clients and 
the machine learning algorithm strengthening the overall well-being of the users based on the comfort provided 
by the Issuer’s solutions. 
Managed customer service 
By creating interoperability between the channels, the Issuer aims to optimise and integrate the customer 
journey. The omni-channel operation ensures higher customer satisfaction and cost-effectiveness. Real-time 
analytical tools can help the Issuer optimise online journeys based on testing and immediate customer feedback. 
Highly innovative tools such as chatbot banking – not only service and product innovations, but also channel 
innovations – are part of the development process. 
In order to achieve the OTP Group’s strategic goals, the following new digital products and services are being 
developed. 
Online channels 
The new internet bank and mobile bank applications were launched in 2020. These two platforms provide the 
highest level of digital accessibility for customers. The purpose of the developments is to increase the number 
of customers using the channel and increase product usage and cross-selling. During the COVID-19 pandemic, 
digital activity of OTP clients increased significantly, which was supported by online campaigns, customer 
education in branches and continuous development of OTP Group’s digital services. 
Development of non-banking applications 
The Issuer has acquired and integrated a complex online health appointment booking company called 
FoglaljOrvost which provides a comprehensive reservation tool for patients and user-friendly practice 
management platform for doctors, which also has further development potential. The platform assists in finding 
the right fit for every individual need, and also in building an overall community of trust between patients and 
healthcare providers. This company offers services for both customers and clinics, so it operates not only on 
the business-to-business market but also on the business-to-customer side.  
Additionally, the Simple by OTP app aims to combine the functionality of an urban lifestyle app, with numerous 
useful features – parking and highway toll payment, public transport tickets, movie and entertainment ticket 
sales, etc. – with payment app functionality. Simple also provides both Android and Apple Pay functionality for 
its users (the Issuer was the first to introduce Apple Pay on the Hungarian market via its mobile banking app 
and Simple apps). 
Branch digitalisation 
Contracts and transaction slips are signed on an electronic signature pad by both the customer and the branch 
officer. The document is created and stored only in electronic format, while customers can access their signed 
documents via the internet. With the introduction of electronic signature pads, more and more products are 
converted to be based on digitalised contracts. At the end of a multi-annual process, the Issuer has renewed its 
branch and customer service front-end system. 
With the use of cash-in ATMs, customers can deposit cash into their HUF accounts held with the Issuer through 
ATMs. The amount deposited through these ATMs is instantly available in the customers’ accounts. Customers

--- Page 149 ---
138 
have free access to these accounts for bank card purchases or cash withdrawals and can make transfers and/or 
term deposits. 
A service named ‘Remote Expert from Home’ was launched in 2021, which allows client to avail of consultation 
video calls from their home at a pre-arranged time.  
Integrated channel management 
The Issuer is committed to an omni-channel user experience and omni-channel is a main focus of the sales 
process development strategy as well. Omni-channel application is available for current account and personal 
loan products. Customers can start the application via online channels (e.g. website, internet banking) and finish 
the process via online/offline channels. Using this end-to-end process, customers can decide whether to start 
and finish applications via online channels or start applications online and finish them in a branch. In 2021, the 
Issuer launched a new online service called Selfie current account opening, in which future clients can open a 
new retail account at any time in a few minutes without the help of a branch officer from their home using the 
Issuer’s mobile application. 
To support the organisational transformation required to maintain the pace of digital development, the Issuer 
launched an Agile Transformation Program in 2019, shifting a substantial part of its Hungarian workforce to an 
agile organisational structure. 
Automation, robotisation 
The Issuer aims to fully digitalise its business processes to be able to provide fast, error-free and cost-efficient 
processes to its clients. Robotisation not only achieves that but also lets the Issuer’s employees focus on high 
value added tasks and innovation instead of manual administration. More than 40 processes are currently 
conducted by new “digital colleagues” who have closed more than 2.7 million cases in the last 3 years. 
The Issuer is also committed to automating digital communication channels. At the end of 2021 it launched its 
own Low-code / No-code (“LCNC”) chatbot builder framework. The LCNC approach supports quick, efficient 
and customer demand-driven chatbot development. 
Speeding up Innovation with start-up partnerships 
The OTP Group is continuously seeking mutually beneficial partnerships with later stage start-ups and scale-
ups in order to leverage the fast time-to-market of start-ups on one hand and to enable them to grow 
internationally in the CEE region on the other hand. This activity has been run through a structured program 
with predefined focus areas for five consecutive years with an above-market success rate. As a result, the Issuer 
has managed to find new revenue streams, decrease operational costs, as well as improve both internal and 
external customer experience. 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following credit ratings have been assigned to the Issuer by S&P, 
Moody’s and Scope with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process: 
Rating 
agency 
Rating classes 
Rating 
Long term 
Short term 
Moody's 
Foreign Currency Deposit 
Baa1 
P-2 
 
Local Currency Deposit 
Baa1 
P-2

--- Page 150 ---
139 
Rating 
agency 
Rating classes 
Rating 
Long term 
Short term 
 
Counterparty Risk Rating (Local and Foreign 
Currency) 
Baa1  
P-2 
 
Subordinated Foreign Currency Debt 
Ba2 
- 
 
Junior subordinated Foreign Currency Debt 
Ba3 (hyb) 
- 
S&P  
Foreign and Local Currency Counterparty Credit 
Rating 
BBB- 
A-3 
Foreign and Local Currency Resolution 
Counterparty Rating 
BBB- 
A-3 
Senior preferred debt 
BBB- 
- 
Subordinated debt 
BB 
- 
Scope 
Issuer rating 
BBB+  
- 
 
Preferred senior unsecured debt 
BBB+  
- 
 
Non-preferred senior unsecured debt 
BBB  
- 
 
Tier 2 debt 
BB+  
-

--- Page 151 ---
140 
 
Group structure of the OTP Group 
The following diagram illustrates the credit institution and investment firm members of the OTP Group 
as at 28 February 2023:  
 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the OTP Group consisted of the Issuer and 110 fully consolidated subsidiaries and 
associates and the total number of customers served by the OTP Group was around 15.6 million. As at 31 
December 2022, 1,392 branches, 4,620 automatic-teller-machines (“ATMs”) and 211,437 point-of-sales 
terminals were in operation group-wide. 
Operating segments are divided by the Issuer’s management into business and geographical segments. The OTP 
Group’s operating segments are as follows: core operations in Hungary (“OTP Core”), Bulgaria (“DSK Group” 
or “DSK”), Russia (“OTP Bank Russia”), Croatia (“OBH”), Ukraine (“OTP Bank Ukraine”), Romania 
(“OTP Bank Romania” or “OBR”), Serbia (“OBSr”), Montenegro (“CKB”), Albania (“OTP Bank Albania” 
or “OBA”), Moldova (“OTP Bank Moldova”), Slovenia (“SKB Banka” or “SKB”), the Hungarian leasing 
operation (“Merkantil”), Asset Management in Hungary (“OTP Fund Management”) and foreign asset 
management subsidiaries (“Foreign Asset Management Companies”), Other Hungarian subsidiaries, Other 
Foreign subsidiaries and Corporate Centre. Following the sale of the Slovakian banking business in November 
2020, the OTP Bank Slovakia operating segment is no longer reported separately. A Slovakian entity, Project 
01 Consulting, s. r. o. has remained consolidated as an OTP Group member and its performance is reported 
under the Other Foreign subsidiaries segment. 
OTP Bank Nyrt. 
 
OTP Ingatlan Bef. 
Alapkezelő Zrt. 
(100%) 
 
Banka OTP Albania 
SHA (100%) 
 
DSK Bank EAD  
(99.9%) 
 
Crnogorska komercijalna 
banka a.d. Podgorica 
(100%) 
 
 OTP Banka 
dioničko društvo 
(100%) 
 
JSC „OTP Bank” 
(Russia) (OTP Bank 
Nyrt.: 66.2095%, 
LLC Aliance Reserve: 
31.7078%, MFB Invest 
Zrt: 1.2%, egyéb: 
0.8827%) 
OTP Bank S.A. 
(98.26%) 
OTP Bank Romania S.A. 
(OTP Bank Nyrt.: 
99.9999578809439% 
Merkantil Bank Zrt.: 
0.0000421190561%) 
 
DSK Asset 
Management EAD 
66% 
(OTP Alapkezelő 34%) 
 
OTP Invest d.o.o 
81.7% (OTP 
Alapkezelő 18.3%) 
 
OTP Jelzálogbank Zrt. 
(100%) 
 
OTP Bank JSC 
(Ukraine) (100%) 
 
OTP banka Srbija a.d. 
Novi Sad (100%) 
 
OTP Lakástakarék Zrt. 
(100%) 
 
SKB Banka D.D. 
Ljubljana (100%) 
OTP Alapkezelő Zrt. 
5% (Inga Kettő Kft 
95%) 
OTP Asset M. SAI S.A. 
90.1% (OBR 9.9%) 
LLC AMC OTP Capital
90.1% (OTP JSC 
9.9%) 
Merkantil Bank Zrt. 
(100%)

--- Page 152 ---
141 
Diversification of the OTP Group’s business  
The OTP Group has traditionally been a commercial bank with a strong retail focus and the largest share of its 
business carried out in Hungary. In 2022, approximately 51 per cent. of the consolidated adjusted profit after 
tax was generated in Hungary. 
The following table sets out the consolidated after-tax profit breakdown by segment for 2021 and 2022, 
respectively: 
2021
2022
Change
(HUF million) 
 
(%) 
Profit after tax for the year ............................................  
456,428
347,081
(24) 
Adjustments (total) ...................................................... 
(40,474) 
(245,466) 
506
Consolidated adjusted profit after tax for the year .. 
496,901
592,547
19
Banks total ........................................................................  
468,962
535,717
14
OTP Core (Hungary) .................................................  
213,377
253,232
19
DSK Group (Bulgaria) ..............................................  
76,790
119,885
56
OBH (Croatia) ...........................................................  
33,448
42,801
28
OTP Bank Serbia .......................................................  
32,104
36,873
15
SKB Banka (Slovenia) ..............................................  
16,822
23,860
42
OTP Bank Romania...................................................  
4,253
3,071
(28) 
OTP Bank Ukraine ....................................................  
39,024
(15,922) 
OTP Bank Russia ......................................................  
37,624
42,548
13
CKB Group (Montenegro) ........................................  
4,140
9,791
137
OTP Bank Albania.....................................................  
5,522
10,175
84
OTP Bank Moldova ..................................................  
5,858
9,403
61
Leasing .............................................................................  
7,998
10,971
37
Merkantil (Hungary) ..................................................... 
7,998
10,971
37
Asset Management ...........................................................  
6,321
9,621
52
OTP Fund Management (Hungary) ............................... 
6,116
9,357
53
Foreign Asset Management Companies (Ukraine, 
Romania, Bulgaria) ....................................................... 
205
263
28
Other Hungarian Subsidiaries ...........................................  
10,205
27,645
171
Other Foreign Subsidiaries ...............................................  
50
(141) 
Corporate Centre...............................................................  
2,887
2,968
3
Eliminations ......................................................................  
479
5,767
1,104
Profit after tax of the Hungarian operation .......................  
229,194
167,057
(27) 
Adjusted profit after tax of the Hungarian operation ........  
241,304
303,873
26
Profit after tax of the Foreign operation ...........................  
227,234
180,024
(21) 
Adjusted profit after tax of the Foreign operation ............  
255,597
288,674
13

--- Page 153 ---
142 
2021
2022
Change
(HUF million) 
 
(%) 
Share of Hungarian contribution to the adjusted profit 
after tax, % ........................................................................  
49
51
2
Share of Foreign contribution to the adjusted profit after 
tax, % ................................................................................  
51
49
(2) 
 
In terms of total assets, five out of the six largest operations (OTP Core (Hungary), DSK Group (Bulgaria), 
OBH (Croatia), SKB (Slovenia) and OBR (Romania)), representing more than 80 per cent. of the OTP Group’s 
consolidated total assets, are in EU countries. In 2022, Eurozone and European Exchange Rate Mechanism 
(ERM) II lending accounts represented more than 41 per cent. of the pro forma net loan volume of the OTP 
Group (including the net loan portfolio of the Slovenian Nova KMB and Ipoteka Bank as of 31 December 2022). 
The following table sets out the consolidated total assets breakdown by country as at 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2022, respectively: 
2021
2022 
Y/Y
Hungary ......................................... 
45% 
42 % 
(3%) 
Bulgaria ......................................... 
17% 
18 % 
1% 
Croatia ........................................... 
9% 
10 % 
1% 
Serbia ............................................ 
8% 
8 % 
0% 
Slovenia ......................................... 
5% 
5 % 
0% 
Romania ........................................ 
5% 
5 % 
0% 
Ukraine .......................................... 
4% 
3 % 
(1%) 
Russia ............................................ 
3% 
3 % 
0% 
Montenegro ................................... 
2% 
2 % 
0% 
Albania .......................................... 
1% 
2 % 
1% 
Moldova ........................................ 
1% 
1 % 
0% 
 
The loan portfolio of the OTP Group is diversified in terms of geographies and products. The majority of loans 
are within Hungary. However, due to the recent acquisitions the portfolio has diversified further. The OTP 
Group’s total combined exposure to Russia and Ukraine, as of 31 December 2022, represented 5 per cent. of 
the OTP Group’s net loan portfolio. In terms of products, approximately 52 per cent. of HUF 18,641 billion net 
loans on a group wide-basis were to retail and micro and small sized enterprise (“MSE”) customers. 
The following table sets out the consolidated net loans breakdown by country and by product as at 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively: 
By countries 
2021
2022
Y/Y 
2022 
(HUF 
billion)
Hungary ................. 
36% 
36% 
0 % 
6,798(1) 
Bulgaria ................. 
17% 
18% 
1 % 
3,430
Croatia ................... 
11% 
12% 
1 % 
2,155

--- Page 154 ---
143 
By countries 
2021
2022
Y/Y 
2022 
(HUF 
billion)
Serbia ..................... 
11% 
11% 
0 % 
1,976
Slovenia ................. 
6% 
6% 
0 % 
1,190
Romania ................ 
6% 
6% 
0 % 
1,166
Ukraine .................. 
4% 
2% 
(2 %) 
414
Russia .................... 
4% 
3% 
(1 %) 
612
Montenegro ........... 
2% 
2% 
0 % 
426
Albania .................. 
1% 
2% 
1 % 
355
Moldova ................ 
1% 
1% 
0 % 
160
 
By products 
2021
2022 
Y/Y 
Mortgage ....................................... 
27% 
26 % 
(1 %) 
Consumer ...................................... 
23% 
22 % 
(1 %) 
MSE .............................................. 
5% 
4 % 
(1 %) 
Corporate ....................................... 
38% 
41 % 
3 % 
Car-financing /Leasing .................. 
8% 
7 % 
(1 %) 
 
Note: 
(1) Including OTP Core and Merkantil (Hungarian leasing). 
 
The following table sets out the net loans breakdown of the main segments and by product as at 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively: 
OTP Core + Merkantil 
2021
2022 
Y/Y
Mortgage ......................................... 
29% 
26 % 
(3%) 
Consumer ........................................ 
21% 
19 % 
(2%) 
MSE ................................................ 
8% 
8 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
35% 
42 % 
7% 
Leasing ............................................ 
7% 
6 % 
(1%) 
 
DSK Group (Bulgaria) 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Mortgage ......................................... 
28% 
29 % 
1% 
Consumer ........................................ 
28% 
27 % 
(1%) 
MSE ................................................ 
3% 
3 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
33% 
33 % 
0% 
Leasing ............................................ 
8% 
8 % 
0%

--- Page 155 ---
144 
OBH (Croatia) 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Mortgage ......................................... 
27% 
27 % 
0% 
Consumer ........................................ 
24% 
20 % 
(4%) 
MSE ................................................ 
3% 
3 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
40% 
43 % 
3% 
Leasing ............................................ 
7% 
7 % 
0% 
 
OTP Bank Serbia 
2021
2022 
Y/Y
Mortgage ......................................... 
21% 
22 % 
1% 
Consumer ........................................ 
23% 
21 % 
(2%) 
MSE ................................................ 
3% 
3 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
47% 
49 % 
2% 
Leasing ............................................ 
5% 
5 % 
0% 
 
SKB Banka (Slovenia) 
2021
2022 
 
Y/Y
Mortgage ......................................... 
38% 
36 % 
(2%) 
Consumer ........................................ 
9% 
9 % 
0% 
MSE ................................................ 
2% 
2 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
34% 
38 % 
4% 
Leasing ............................................ 
17% 
16 % 
(1%) 
 
OTP Bank Romania 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Mortgage ......................................... 
41% 
39 % 
(2%) 
Consumer ........................................ 
8% 
8 % 
0% 
MSE ................................................ 
2% 
2 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
44% 
46 % 
2% 
Leasing ............................................ 
5% 
5 % 
0% 
 
OTP Bank Ukraine 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Mortgage ......................................... 
1% 
1 % 
0% 
Consumer ........................................ 
17% 
10 % 
(7%) 
MSE ................................................ 
0% 
0 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
55% 
59 % 
4% 
Leasing ............................................ 
27% 
31 % 
4% 
 
OTP Bank Russia 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Mortgage ......................................... 
0% 
0 % 
0% 
Consumer ......................................... 
80% 
94 % 
14% 
MSE ................................................. 
0% 
0 % 
0%

--- Page 156 ---
145 
OTP Bank Russia 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Corporate ......................................... 
19% 
6 % 
(13%) 
Leasing ............................................ 
0% 
0 % 
0% 
 
The OTP Group’s main source of funding is customer deposits (HUF 25,159), representing close to 85 per cent. 
of total liabilities (77 per cent. of total assets) as at 31 December 2022. The deposit base is granular and as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus close to 54 per cent. of the deposit base comprises retail deposits. 
The following table sets out the consolidated customer deposits breakdown by country and by product 
as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively: 
By countries 
2021 
2022
Y/Y 
2022 
(HUF 
billion)
Hungary ................... 
48 % 
45% 
(3 %) 
11,217
Bulgaria ................... 
18 % 
19% 
1 % 
4,893
Croatia ..................... 
9 % 
9% 
0 % 
2,382
Serbia ....................... 
6 % 
6% 
0 % 
1,551
Slovenia ................... 
6 % 
6% 
0 % 
1,467
Romania................... 
4 % 
4% 
0 % 
998
Ukraine .................... 
3 % 
3% 
0 % 
783
Russia ...................... 
2 % 
2% 
0 % 
577
Montenegro.............. 
2 % 
2% 
0 % 
524
Albania .................... 
1 % 
2% 
1 % 
517
Moldova................... 
1 % 
1% 
0 % 
264
 
By products 
2021
2022 
Y/Y
Retail sight ..................................... 
34% 
34 % 
0% 
Retail term ..................................... 
23% 
21 % 
(2%) 
MSE ............................................... 
11% 
11 % 
0% 
Corporate ....................................... 
32% 
35 % 
3% 
 
 
The following table sets out the customer deposits breakdown of the main segments and by product as at 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively: 
OTP Core + Merkantil 
2021
2022 
Y/Y
Retail sight ...................................... 
35% 
33 % 
(2%) 
Retail term ....................................... 
13% 
11 % 
(2%) 
MSE ................................................ 
14% 
13 % 
(1%) 
Corporate ......................................... 
38% 
42 % 
4%

--- Page 157 ---
146 
DSK Group (Bulgaria) 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Retail sight ...................................... 
37% 
37 % 
0% 
Retail term ....................................... 
43% 
36 % 
(7%) 
MSE ................................................ 
9% 
9 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
12% 
18 % 
6% 
 
OBH (Croatia) 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Retail sight ...................................... 
50% 
53 % 
3% 
Retail term ....................................... 
17% 
13 % 
(4%) 
MSE ................................................ 
8% 
8 % 
0% 
Corporate ......................................... 
25% 
25 % 
0% 
 
OTP Bank Serbia 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Retail sight ....................................... 
27% 
24 % 
(3%) 
Retail term ....................................... 
25% 
23 % 
(2%) 
MSE ................................................. 
9% 
8 % 
(1%) 
Corporate ......................................... 
39% 
44 % 
5% 
 
SKB Banka (Slovenia) 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Retail sight ....................................... 
33% 
34 % 
1% 
Retail term ........................................ 
27% 
25 % 
(2%) 
MSE ................................................. 
14% 
13 % 
(1%) 
Corporate .......................................... 
26% 
28 % 
2% 
 
OTP Bank Romania 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Retail sight ........................................ 
12% 
11 % 
(1%) 
Retail term ......................................... 
31% 
39 % 
8% 
MSE .................................................. 
9% 
9 % 
0%) 
Corporate .......................................... 
47% 
41 % 
(6%) 
 
OTP Bank Ukraine 
2021
 
2022  
Y/Y
Retail sight ........................................ 
17% 
18 % 
1% 
Retail term ......................................... 
19% 
14 % 
(5%) 
MSE .................................................. 
5% 
7 % 
2% 
Corporate ........................................... 
59% 
61 % 
2% 
 
OTP Bank Russia 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Retail sight ........................................ 
30% 
25 % 
(5%)

--- Page 158 ---
147 
OTP Bank Russia 
2021
 
2022 
Y/Y
Retail term ......................................... 
29% 
21 % 
(8%) 
MSE .................................................. 
15% 
13 % 
(2%) 
Corporate ........................................... 
25% 
41 % 
16% 
 
The following table sets out the performing (Stage 1 + Stage 2) loan volume changes adjusted for FX-
effect for the period between 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
OTP 
Group  
OTP 
Core(2) 
 
DSK 
Group  
OBH 
 
OTP 
Bank 
Serbia 
 
SKB 
Banka  
OTP 
Bank 
Romania  
OTP 
Bank 
Ukraine  
OTP 
Bank 
Russia 
 
CKB 
Group 
 OTP 
Bank 
Albania 
 
OTP 
Bank 
Moldova 
Nominal change 
(HUF billion).... 
1,999(4) 
832
484
346
179 
136
103 
(161)
(127 ) 
56 
116
(9) 
Total ................. 
12%(4) 
15% 
16% 
19% 
10 % 
13% 
10 % 
(27%) 
(16 %) 
15 %
49% 
(5%) 
Consumer ......... 
3%(4) 
5% 
11% 
3% 
0 % 
2% 
0 % 
(52%) 
(2 %) 
9 %
113% 
(24%) 
Mortgage .......... 
10%(4) 
3%(3) 
18% 
23% 
13 % 
9% 
4 % 
 
13 %
73% 
(8%) 
Corporate(1) ...... 
19%(4) 
29% 
17% 
26% 
13 % 
25% 
15 % 
(20%) 
(75 %) 
19 %
36% 
3% 
Leasing ............. 
5%(4) 
1% 
25% 
18% 
9 % 
3% 
25 % 
(28%) 
 
 
1% 
20% 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) Loans to MSE and corporate clients. 
(2) Changes of leasing volumes of Merkantil in Leasing row. 
(3) Within that, housing loan was up by 4 per cent. and home equity was down by 8 per cent. 
(4) If adjusted to exclude the Russian and Ukrainian operations, the nominal change is 2,287 HUF billion, the change in total 
volumes is 15 per cent., the change in consumer volumes is 6 per cent., the change in mortgage volumes is 10 per cent., the 
change in corporate volumes is 23 per cent. and the change in leasing volumes is 10 per cent. 
 
The following table sets out the deposit volume changes adjusted for FX-effect for the period between 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
OTP 
Group 
 
OTP 
Core 
 
DSK 
Group  
OBH 
 
OTP 
Bank 
Serbia 
 
SKB 
Banka  
OTP 
Bank 
Romania  
OTP 
Bank 
Ukraine  
OTP 
Bank 
Russia 
 
CKB 
Group 
 
OTP 
Bank 
Albania
 
OTP 
Bank 
Moldova
Nominal change 
(HUF billion).... 
2,994(2) 
891
775
317
203
149
99
138 
92
104
236
(5 ) 
Total ................. 
14%(2) 
9% 
19% 
15% 
15% 
11% 
11% 
21 % 
19% 
25% 
84% 
(2 %) 
Retail ................ 
8%(2) 
2% 
10% 
15% 
6% 
9% 
28% 
5 % 
(7%) 
12% 
91% 
0 % 
Corporate(1) ...... 
20%(2) 
15% 
54% 
16% 
25% 
14% 
(2%) 
31 % 
57% 
38% 
61% 
(4 %) 
Deposits – Net 
loans gap  
(HUF billion).... 
6,518
4,932
1,463 
227
(425) 
277
(167) 
369 
(35) 
98
162
104
 
Note: 
 
(1) Including MSE, medium and large sized enterprises (“MLE”) and municipality deposits. 
(2) If adjusted to exclude the Russian and Ukrainian operations, the nominal change is 2,764 HUF billion, the change in total volumes 
is 13 per cent., the change in retail volumes is 9 per cent. and the change in corporate volumes is 19 per cent.

--- Page 159 ---
148 
The following table sets out the evolution of consolidated volume of the OTP Group’s subordinated debt, 
bilateral loans, senior bonds and mortgage bonds (in EUR billion), as well as the evolution of the 
consolidated net loans to deposits including retail bonds ratio in 2008 and for the period between 2016 
and 2022: 
2008
2016
 
2017
2018
 
2019
2020
2021
 2022
Subordinated debt 
(EUR billion) ................................................  
1.6
0.7
0.7
0.7
1.2
1.2
0.7
0.7
Bilateral loans 
(EUR billion) ................................................  
1.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.5
0.4
0.6
0.3
Senior bonds 
(EUR billion) ................................................  
2.3
0.3
0.2
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
1.2
Mortgage bonds 
(EUR billion) ................................................  
3.2
0.1
0.6
1.2
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.2
Consolidated net loans to deposits including 
retail bonds ratio ...........................................  
127% 
67% 
68% 
72% 
79% 
76% 
75% 
74% 
The consolidated outstanding wholesale debt of the OTP Group has declined significantly since the 2007/2009 
global financial crisis. In 2008, the total share of wholesale funding within total assets was 25 per cent., of 
which close to EUR 7.3 billion equivalent was senior and covered debt, whereas the amount of consolidated 
subordinated debt was close to EUR 1.6 billion equivalent. In 2008, the OTP Group’s consolidated net loans to 
deposits including retail bonds ratio was close to 127 per cent., whereas in 2016 this ratio was 67 per cent. and 
74 per cent. as at 31 December 2022. The OTP Group issued debt securities before 2008 primarily to finance 
its acquisitions and also borrowed pursuant to syndicated loans from time-to-time. The liquidity generated by 
the OTP Group was used to finance its operations and to pay back its maturing wholesale obligations without 
issuing new debt. Since 2016, the volume of mortgage bonds has increased primarily in order to comply with 
the Mortgage Funding Adequacy Ratio requirement introduced by the MNB in 2016. The volume of senior 
bonds increased in 2022 with the aim to increase the Issuer’s MREL eligible liabilities portfolio.  
The following table sets out the maturity profile of the OTP Group’s consolidated wholesale debt, in EUR 
million, as at 31 December 2022: 
2023
2024 
2025 
2026
2027
2028-2041
Perpetual
Subordinated debt 
(EUR million) .................  
- 
-  
16 
- 
- 
498
231
Bilateral loans 
(EUR million) .................  
10
33 
70 
72
31 
98
- 
Senior bonds 
(EUR million) .................  
4
2 
464 
732
-
- 
- 
Mortgage bonds 
(EUR million) .................  
110
376 
56 
-
192
434 
- 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the OTP Group’s maturity profile is considered by the Issuer’s 
management to be relatively light, not just because of the relatively low amount of outstanding debt (close to 
EUR 3.4 billion in total as at 31 December 2022), but due to its composition.

--- Page 160 ---
149 
Distribution channels 
As at 31 December 2022, the OTP Group provides financial services through 1,392 branches, agent networks 
and various electronic channels. 
The following table sets out the number of branches and number of employees (in full-time equivalents) 
in the major segments as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively: 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2022 
Branches
Headcount 
(closing) 
Branches
Headcount 
(closing)
OTP Core (Hungary) ......................... 
356
10,524 
352
10,985
DSK Group (Bulgaria) ...................... 
311
5,539 
305
5,358
OBH (Croatia) ................................... 
114
2,279 
111
2,294
OTP Bank Serbia ............................... 
187
2,707 
155
2,632
SKB Banka (Slovenia) ...................... 
49
864 
49
875
OTP Bank Romania .......................... 
95
1,740 
97
1,826
OTP Bank Ukraine 
(without employed agents) ................ 
85
2,341 
71
2,134
OTP Bank Russia 
(without employed agents) ................ 
134
4,992 
108
4,471
CKB Group (Montenegro) ................ 
34
517 
33
497
OTP Bank Albania ............................ 
39
454 
58
730
OTP Bank Moldova .......................... 
51
899 
53
896
Other Hungarian and foreign  
subsidiaries ........................................ 
568 
619
OTP Group 
(without employed agents) .............. 
33,425 
33,318
OTP Bank Russia - employed agents 
3,783 
2,431
OTP Bank Ukraine - employed 
agents ................................................ 
657 
227
OTP Group (aggregated) ............ 
1,455
37,865 
1,392
35,976

--- Page 161 ---
150 
Description of the main segments of the OTP Group 
The following table sets out the total assets by main segments as at 31 December 2022, data are in HUF 
billion: 
Segment 
31 December
2022
OTP Core (Hungary) ........................................................................................................  
15,758
DSK Group (Bulgaria) ......................................................................................................  
5,947
OBH (Croatia) ..................................................................................................................  
3,225
OTP Bank Serbia ..............................................................................................................  
2,709
SKB Banka (Slovenia) ......................................................................................................  
1,791
OTP Bank Romania ..........................................................................................................  
1,688
OTP Bank Ukraine ...........................................................................................................  
1,049
OTP Bank Russia ..............................................................................................................  
1,030
CKB Group (Montenegro) ................................................................................................  
664
OTP Bank Albania ............................................................................................................  
635
OTP Bank Moldova ..........................................................................................................  
366
OTP Fund Management ....................................................................................................  
28
Leasing subsidiaries ..........................................................................................................  
949
Corporate Centre, Foreign Asset Management Companies, Eliminations and others ......  
(3,034) 
 
OTP Core (Hungary) 
In terms of balance sheet totals, the Issuer is the largest bank in Hungary14 and provides a full-scale service 
through its branch network, digital channels and network of sales agents. The core activities of the OTP Group 
in Hungary are performed by the Issuer and certain of its domestic affiliated entities (together “OTP Core”). 
OTP Core is an economic unit for measuring the result of core business activity of the OTP Group in Hungary. 
The financial information of OTP Core is calculated from the partially consolidated IFRS financial statements 
of certain companies15 engaged in the OTP Group’s operations in Hungary. The consolidated results of these 
companies are segmented into OTP Core and Corporate Centre. The Corporate Centre is a virtual entity. 
Through these OTP Group members, OTP Core provides retail and corporate lending, account management, 
payment card, savings and investment services. Within its retail lending business line, OTP Core offers 
residential and mortgage loans as well as consumer loans. The corporate business offers products and services 
to fulfil transactional, investment and credit needs of large corporate, MSE and municipal clients. Insurance 
requirements of OTP Core clients are supplied by sales of insurance products via strategic collaboration with 
the French insurance Groupama Group, after its OTP Garancia Insurance acquisition in 2008.  
                                                          
14 Source: The National Bank of Hungary – ‘Golden Book’ – Individual data of supervised institutions – 2020.  
15 These companies include OTP Bank Hungary Plc., OTP Mortgage Bank Ltd., OTP Building Society Ltd., OTP Factoring Ltd., OTP Financial 
Point Ltd., and companies providing intragroup financing; OTP Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan Organisation, OTP Card Factory Ltd., 
OTP Facility Management Llc., MONICOMP Ltd. From 1Q 2019 OTP Real Estate Lease Ltd. was eliminated from OTP Core while at the 
same time OTP Mobile Ltd. and OTP Ingatlanpont Ltd. were included. From 1Q 2020 OTP eBIZ Ltd. was included. From 2Q 2021 OTP 
Home Solutions was included.

--- Page 162 ---
151 
The Issuer’s management believes that OTP Group in Hungary is the market leader in all retail banking 
segments. The Issuer’s management believes that its market share in total assets was 28 per cent., in retail 
lending 34 per cent., in retail deposits 39 per cent., in corporate loans 20 per cent., and in corporate deposits 24 
per cent., as at 31 December 2022. 
Asset management  
OTP Fund Management, established in 1993, is a member of the OTP Group. OTP Fund Management has 
subsidiaries in Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia and Ukraine. Based on the data provided by the Association of 
Hungarian Investment Fund and Asset Management Companies (“BAMOSZ”) the Issuer’s management 
believes that OTP Fund Management is the market leading securities fund management company in Hungary, 
with approximately HUF 2,262.5 billion assets under management as at 31 December 2022. It is managing 
more than 50 investment funds and 20 institutional portfolios. The Issuer’s management believes that the market 
share of OTP Fund Management in the Hungarian securities fund market was 27 per cent. as at 31 December 
2022.  
While OTP Fund Management manages typical asset categories like money market funds, bond funds, balanced 
funds, equity funds, absolute return funds and capital protected funds, OTP Real Estate Investment Funds Ltd. 
(which is 100 per cent. owned by the Issuer) specialises in real estate investments. The objective of the company 
is to offer real estate market linked special collective investment products that provide a return on investment. 
It currently manages funds with gross value of HUF 644.6 billion (EUR 1.61 billion). 
In 2022, the assets under management of BAMOSZ members (without real estate and venture capital funds) 
increased by 19.7 per cent., year-on-year and by 31 December 2022 had reached HUF 6,698 billion. The total 
inflow was HUF 1,079.9 billion, mostly to balanced, equity and bond funds. The inflow to OTP Fund 
Management’s products was HUF 364.9 billion, the rest of the market suffered an outflow of HUF 714.8 billion.  
Leasing  
The OTP Group’s leasing business incorporates Merkantil in Hungary (with around 28.5 per cent. market share 
as at December 2022 as determined by the Issuer’s management) as well as its subsidiaries in Croatia, Bulgaria, 
Romania and Serbia. Merkantil’s total assets comprised approximately HUF 855 billion as at 31 December 
2022. The main products of Merkantil are: (1) financing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles to 
retail customers, individual entrepreneurs, companies and other organisations, sold primarily through 
intermediaries and also through direct banking sales channels; (2) vehicle fleet financing and operation to 
individual entrepreneurs, companies and other organisations, sold primarily through intermediaries and also 
through direct banking sales channels; (3) financing of equipment, including agricultural machinery, truck 
financing, IT financing to individual entrepreneurs, companies and other organisations. 
Foreign subsidiaries  
The Issuer started its regional acquisitions in Slovakia (IRB) in 2002, followed by Bulgaria (DSK Group) in 
2003, Romania (RoBank) in 2004, and Croatia (Novabanka) in 2005. In 2006, the Issuer made acquisitions in 
Serbia (Niska banka, Zepter banka Kulska banka), in Ukraine (Raiffeisen Bank Ukraine), in Russia 
(Investsberbank Group) and in Montenegro (CKB Bank). In 2007, OTP Bank Russia signed an agreement on 
the acquisition of Donskoy Narodny Bank. The total assets of the OTP Group increased significantly during 
this period and exceeded EUR 35 billion in 2008. The 2007/2009 global financial crisis put a temporary break 
on acquisitions and acquisition activity resumed again in 2014. Throughout the global financial crisis, the total 
assets of the OTP Group remained between EUR 32 billion and EUR 36 billion. The OTP Group purchased a 
smaller entity in Croatia (Banco Popolare Croatia) in 2014 and in Romania (Millennium Bank) in 2015. In 2016, 
the Issuer acquired the retail lending and savings and the corporate businesses of AXA Bank. The employees 
of AXA Bank were all transferred to the Issuer by 1 November 2016 within the framework of an employer’s

--- Page 163 ---
152 
succession. The migrated loan portfolio consisted of almost 100 per cent. of mortgage loans and the total volume 
was approximately HUF 177 billion. 
A further wave of acquisitions commenced in 2016 as some banks decided to divest their non-core holdings in 
the CEE region (please see “History of 2016-2023 acquisitions” below). This new expansionary phase 
contributed to an increase in the total assets of the OTP Group from EUR 34 billion in 2015 to close to EUR 64 
billion as at 31 December 2020, which further grew organically to EUR 82 billion by 31 December 2022. 
In terms of total assets, the second largest operation within the OTP Group, after OTP Core, is the Bulgarian 
operation, representing an approximately 18 per cent. share of total assets as at 31 December 2022. The Issuer’s 
management believes the Bulgarian operation is the largest bank in terms of total assets as well as gross loans 
in the local banking market. 
The Issuer’s management believes that CKB is the market leader in terms of total assets in Montenegro. 
However, due to the overall size of the Montenegrin market, CKB represented only approximately 2 per cent. 
of the OTP Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2022.  
The Croatian operation is the third largest operation in the OTP Group, representing close to a 10 per cent. share 
of total assets as at 31 December 2022. The Issuer’s management believes that OBH is the fourth largest in the 
local banking market.  
The Serbian operation is the fourth largest operation in the OTP Group, representing approximately 8 per cent. 
share of total assets as at 31 December 2022. The Issuer’s management believes that the market share of the 
OTP Group’s Serbian operation is the second largest in terms of total assets, and the largest in terms of gross 
loans in the local banking market.  
With the acquisition of SKB the Slovenian operation became the fifth largest operation within OTP. It 
represented a 5 per cent. share of total assets as at 31 December 2022. The Issuer’s management believes that 
SKB and the acquired Nova KBM d.d. will be the second largest bank in terms of total assets, and the largest 
bank in terms of net loans in the local banking market.  
OBR, the Romanian banking subsidiary, is the sixth largest operation in the OTP Group, and represented 5 per 
cent. of total assets as at 31 December 2022. The Issuer’s management believes that OBR’s market share in 
Romania is between 2 per cent. and 3 per cent. in terms of total assets, less than what the Issuer’s management 
considers optimal. 
The Ukrainian subsidiary is the seventh largest operation in the OTP Group, and represented approximately 3 
per cent. of the OTP Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2022. The Issuer’s management believes that its 
market share in Ukraine was close to 4 per cent. in terms of total assets as at 31 December 2022. 
The Issuer’s management believes that OBRu, the Russian banking subsidiary, is the eighth largest operation 
in the OTP Group, and represented 3 per cent. of total assets as at 31 December 2022. 
The Moldovan subsidiary represented 1 per cent. of the OTP Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2022. The 
Albanian subsidiary represented 2 per cent. of the OTP Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2022.  With the 
acquisition of Alpha Bank Albania, the Issuer’s management believes that the Albanian operation is the third 
largest in terms of net loans in the local banking market. 
In 2022, all foreign subsidiaries – except for Ukraine – were profitable with the most significant contribution 
coming to the OTP Group’s consolidated net profit from Bulgaria, Croatia and Serbia. In addition, as a result 
of these various strategic acquisitions, the OTP Group’s management believes that the OTP Group is 
approaching its strategic target of being in the top 3 to 5 position in all of the markets in which it operates, 
except Russia, Ukraine and Romania.

--- Page 164 ---
153 
History of 2016-2023 acquisitions 
Since 21 December 2016, the Issuer has announced ten acquisitions in the CEE region, whereby the Issuer or 
its relevant local subsidiary agreed to the acquisition of the target entity and, in some cases, certain other 
exposures. In general, these acquisitions were undertaken to strengthen the OTP Group’s market positions and 
potentially achieve benefits from synergies in the countries where it is already present and also to build presence 
in new regional markets (Albania, Moldova and Slovenia). 
On 31 May 2021, the Issuer signed a share sale and purchase agreement for the purchase of 100 per cent. of the 
shares of Nova KBM d.d. and its subsidiaries, which are 80 per cent. owned by funds managed by affiliates of 
Apollo Global Management, Inc. and 20 per cent. by The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 
(the “EBRD”). With a market share of 21.4 per cent. by total assets as of 31 December 2021, Nova KBM d.d. 
is the second largest bank in the Slovenian banking market and, as a universal bank, is also active in the retail 
and corporate segments. On 8 September 2022, the European Central Bank gave its approval for the purchase. 
On 31 January 2023, the Slovenian competition authority approved the acquisition by the Issuer of 100 per cent. 
of the shares of Nova KBM d.d. The related share transfer and the settlement of the purchase price took place 
in February 2023. 
On 29 September 2021, the Issuer signed a non-binding Memorandum of Agreement regarding the potential 
acquisition of a majority stake in Ipoteka Bank and its subsidiaries with the Ministry of Finance of the Republic 
of Uzbekistan. On 3 October 2022, the involved parties reiterated their commitment to the acquisition of Ipoteka 
Bank by the OTP Group through the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding. On 12 December 2022, the 
parties signed a sale and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition by the Issuer of Ipoteka Bank. 
According to the terms of the agreement, the Issuer will purchase 100 per cent. of the shares held by the Ministry 
of Finance of the Republic of Uzbekistan (which constitutes nearly 97 per cent. of the total shareholding) in 
two steps: (i) 75 per cent. of the shares will be acquired initially and (ii) the remaining 25 per cent. of the shares 
will be acquired three years following the financial closure of the first leg of the transaction. The financial 
closure of the transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and is expected in 1H 2023. The International 
Finance Corporation (“IFC”) has been providing financing and transformation support to Ipoteka Bank for 
several years. The IFC has confirmed its commitment to continue such cooperation with the Issuer, as the new 
majority shareholder of Ipoteka Bank. 
On 6 December 2021, the Issuer signed an acquisition agreement with Alpha International Holdings Single 
Member S.A. on purchasing 100 per cent. of the shares of Alpha Bank SH.A., the Albanian subsidiary of the 
Greek Alpha Bank S.A. The purchase price has been agreed at EUR 55 million. With a total asset-based market 
share of approximately 4.5 per cent. as of 31 December 2021, Alpha Bank is the eighth largest bank in the 
Albanian banking market, and as a universal bank it has been active in the retail and corporate segment as well. 
On 18 July 2022, the financial completion of the transaction has been completed. 
The following table sets out details of such acquisitions: 
No. 
Country of 
acquisition Acquisition target 
Share 
acquired in 
target 
bank(2)
Seller 
banking 
group 
Date of 
acquisition 
agreement 
Date of 
financial 
closing 
Gross loans 
net of 
provisions in 
HUF billion(1)
Book 
value(2) 
1 
Croatia 
Splitska banka d.d. 
100% Société 
Générale 
20/12/2016 
02/05/2017 
631
496 
2 
Serbia 
Vojvodjanska banka a.d., 
NBG Leasing d.o.o. and 
certain other exposures 
100% National Bank 
of Greece 
04/08/2017 
01/12/2017 
266
174 
3 
Bulgaria 
Société Générale 
Expressbank AD 
99.74% Société 
Générale 
01/08/2018 
15/01/2019 
774
421

--- Page 165 ---
154 
No. 
Country of 
acquisition Acquisition target 
Share 
acquired in 
target 
bank(2)
Seller 
banking 
group 
Date of 
acquisition 
agreement 
Date of 
financial 
closing 
Gross loans 
net of 
provisions in 
HUF billion(1)
Book 
value(2) 
4 
Albania 
Banka Société Générale 
Albania SH. A. 
100% Société 
Générale 
01/08/2018 
29/03/2019 
124
58 
5 
Serbia 
Société Générale Banka 
Srbija a.d. 
100% Société 
Générale 
20/12/2018 
24/09/2019 
716
381 
6 
Moldova 
Mobiasbanca – Groupe 
Société Générale S.A. 
98.26% Société 
Générale 
06/02/2019 
25/07/2019 
102
86 
7 
Montenegro Société Générale banka 
Montenegro a.d. 
100% Société 
Générale 
28/02/2019 
16/07/2019 
126
66 
8 
Slovenia 
SKB Banka and its 
subsidiaries 
99.73% Société 
Générale 
02/05/2019 
13/12/2019 
827
356 
9 
Slovenia 
Nova Kreditna banka 
Maribor and its 
subsidiaries 
100% Apollo Global 
Management, 
EBRD 
31/05/2021 
06/02/2023 
2,068
993 
10 
Albania 
Alpha Bank SH.A. 
100% Alpha 
International 
Holdings 
Single 
Member S.A. 
03/12/2021 
18/07/2022 
99
73 
11 
Uzbekistan 
Ipoteka Bank 
96.9% (3) Uzbek State 
12/12/2022 
pending 
(expected in 
1H 2023, 
subject to 
regulatory 
approval) 
1,066
491 
 
Note: 
 
(1) Gross loans net of provisions in HUF billion are calculated from publicly available individual bank data as of November 2018 in case of Splitska 
banka d.d., March 2019 in case of Vojvodjanska banka a.d., Société Générale Expressbank AD and Banka Société Générale Albania SH. A. and 
September 2019 in case of Société Générale Banka Srbija a.d., Mobiasbanca, Société Générale banka Montenegro a.d., December 2019 in case of 
SKB Banka, December 2020 in case of Alpha Bank SH.A. and December 2022 in case of Nova Kreditna banka and Ipoteka Bank using the then 
prevailing local currency to HUF exchange rate. 
(2) 
Book value in EUR billion is calculated from publicly available individual bank data as of December 2016 in case of Splitska banka d.d., September 
2017 in case of Vojvodjanska banka a.d., December 2018 in case of Société Générale Expressbank AD, Banka Société Générale Albania SH. A., 
Société Générale Banka Srbija a.d., Mobiasbanca, Société Générale banka Montenegro a.d. and SKB Banka, December 2020 in case of Alpha Bank 
SH.A. and December 2022 in case of Nova Kreditna banka and Ipoteka Bank and, in each case, using the then prevailing local currency to EUR 
exchange rate. 
 
(3) 
According to the sale and purchase agreement, 75 per cent. of this stake will be acquired by the Issuer initially with the remaining 25 per cent. to be 
acquired three years after the financial closing of the first leg of the transaction.

--- Page 166 ---
155 
Framework agreements with Development Banks 
From time to time the Issuer enters into framework agreements with multilateral development banks (each a 
“Development Bank”) pursuant to which each Development Bank may acquire Notes in any offering of Notes 
from time to time in an amount that may be material in respect of the relevant Series of Notes. Subject to the 
relevant Development Bank acquiring Notes in any such offering, the Issuer may also undertake to comply with 
certain environmental and/or social compliance and/or corporate governance policies and requirements of such 
Development Bank. 
Governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the OTP Group is involved 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have a significant effect on the financial 
position, operations or profitability of the Issuer or the OTP Group. However, the OTP Group may be a party 
to legal proceedings in the future. There can be no assurance that the OTP Group will not be subject to fines, 
damages or other penalties which could have a material adverse effect on the OTP Group’s business and 
financial position. 
Recent developments 
Impact of COVID-19  
The Issuer is continuously assessing the impact of COVID-19 on the social and economic environment and the 
consequences of those on its lending activity and loan portfolio performance. Based on the current knowledge 
of the Issuer’s management it is difficult to estimate the medium- and long-term financial impact of the virus.  
In response to COVID-19, Hungary adopted certain extraordinary measures to alleviate the financial and 
economic impact of the crisis, as follows. Similar measures have been taken in other jurisdictions where the 
OTP Group has operations. Possible implications of the COVID-19 pandemic, if any, will depend upon future 
developments. 
For the risks associated with the impact of and further information on COVID-19 please also see the Risk 
Factors headed “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Programme - Risks related to the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment 
The performance of the OTP Group is affected by adverse global political, economic and business conditions 
in the markets in which it operates”; “Risk Factors - Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme- The provisions made by the OTP Group may not be 
adequate to cover actual losses sustained”; “Risk Factors - Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme – The OTP Group is dependent on customer 
deposits for liquidity”; “The OTP Group is exposed to risks associated with movements in interest rates”; “Risk 
Factors - Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme - The OTP Group faces risks associated with the implementation of its business strategy”; and 
“Risk Factors - Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environment - The OTP Group is subject to changes 
to government policy and regulation” above, as well as the “Business Environment - Macroeconomic 
environment in OTP Group countries” section. 
Moratorium on loan payments in the agricultural sector 
On 8 August 2022, the Hungarian Government adopted Decree no. 292/2022 which imposed a moratorium on 
agricultural sector loans until 31 December 2023 with the aim of managing the effects of the drought on the 
Hungarian farming sector. Under the provisions of this decree, a debtor qualifies for the moratorium (i) if more 
than 50 per cent. of their net income with respect to the financial year 2021 came from crop cultivation, animal

--- Page 167 ---
156 
breeding, game management, forestry, fishing/fish farming or (ii) if the purpose of their loan is an activity 
related to the abovementioned agricultural activities. The expiration of any credit agreement, loan agreement 
and financial lease agreement with an agricultural purpose has also been extended until 31 December 2023. 
Debtors who want to participate in such payment moratorium could request the deferred payment from 8 August 
2022 until 15 September 2022. In addition, this decree also introduced a ban on termination due to non-payment 
for the above-mentioned credit, loan and financial lease agreements in the agricultural sector. 
Dividends in respect of the 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 financial years 
Following the successful performance of the OTP Group in 2019, the Board of Directors initially planned for 
the Issuer to pay dividends to its shareholders with respect to the 2019 financial year. However, following an 
executive circular sent by the MNB, proposing measures to mitigate the negative effects on the financial 
intermediary system caused by COVID-19, the Board of Directors proposed to the Annual General Meeting 
("AGM") that no dividend shall be paid to the shareholders in respect of the 2019 financial year.  
In its circular of 8 January 2021, the MNB instructed Hungarian credit institutions to refrain from paying 
dividends or making irrevocable commitments to pay dividends until 30 September 2021 in respect of the 
financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 or at the expense of earnings made in earlier years, and also 
to refrain from share buybacks crediting investors until 30 September 2021 (share buybacks under a 
remuneration policy are not part of such limitation). 
On 13 April 2022, the AGM of the Issuer determined that the net profit for 2021 is to be allocated (i) to increase 
the general reserve by HUF 12,534 million, (ii) to pay dividend amounting to HUF 120,248 million from the 
net profit for the period, out of which the amount the dividend corresponding to 2019 and 2020 is HUF 119,248 
million and the dividend corresponding to for 2021 is HUF 1,000 million. As such, the dividend per share is 
HUF 425.89 for 2019 and 2020, and HUF 3.57 for 2021 (in total, HUF 429.46, compared to the face value of 
shares it is 429.46 per cent.). 
On 28 April 2023, the AGM of the Issuer determined that HUF 5,969 million from the net profit for 2022 and 
HUF 78,031 from the profit reserve are allocated to pay dividends to shareholders for the year 2022. As such, 
the dividend per share is HUF 300 for 2022 (which amounts to 300 per cent. of the face value of the shares in 
the Issuer).  
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 
Corporate responsibility has been an important factor for OTP Group for almost 15 years but starting from 2020 
its sustainability efforts increased significantly. In the first half of 2021, the mapping of ESG business 
opportunities and the formulation of OTP Group's ESG-related strategic ambitions began and its ESG strategy 
has been formulated - OTP Group’s mission in the ESG space is to be the regional leader in financing a fair and 
gradual transition to a low-carbon economy and building a sustainable future through our responsible solutions. 
As one of the leading banks in the CEE region, the OTP Group is mainstreaming ESG in a challenging 
environment by managing the varying maturity of local markets, raising the relatively low ESG awareness of 
its customers, responding to rapidly changing regulatory changes that are not necessarily harmonised across the 
OTP Group’s countries, and managing the different expectations of its investors.  
In 2021, a dedicated organisational framework has been set up to ensure representation of ESG management 
responsibility in breadth and depth, the ESG Committee is responsible for formulating and executing on the 
ESG Strategy, directly reporting to the management body. The Issuer’s management has also set key 
performance indicators to measure strategic goals. ESG compliance and other sustainability efforts set by the 
ESG strategy are constantly on the agenda, extensive efforts have been made for its implementation which is 
currently on schedule. OTP Group provides transparency on its results via the publication of its sustainability 
report.

--- Page 168 ---
157 
In 2022, the OTP Group broadened and deepened ESG activities in both business development and risk 
management. The OTP Group's financing activities are driven by the goal of sustainability, which also weigh 
up the risks and opportunities of this approach and the Issuer is constantly developing tools and processes that 
bring it closer to its ESG goals.  
A notable milestone in 2022 is the completion of the Green Loan Framework, which has been approved by the 
MNB as first of its kind in Hungary and is the first milestone tool which enables the OTP Group to fulfil its 
role of financing the green transition. 
The OTP Group’s green loan portfolio has been steadily growing: the on-balance sheet green exposure of the 
Issuer was close to HUF 220 billion by the end of 3Q 2022, with a goal to reach the OTP Group’s HUF 1,500 
billion target by 2025.  
The Sustainable Finance Framework of the Issuer was also adopted and introduced to the market in 2022. 
In July 2022, the Issuer issued its first series of green bonds, which was the first Hungarian green bond issued 
in the international debt markets. The subsidiaries of the OTP Group have also prepared their local green 
strategies, and set green loan targets. The growth of the green loan portfolio has begun at the subsidiary banks 
as well, significantly contributing to the successful green bond issuance of the Issuer.  
The Issuer has also amended its Risk Appetite Statement by introducing the ESG Operational Risk Tolerance 
as an operative limit and the continuous improvement of tools and processes through which operational and 
market risk aspects of ESG are managed. The growing importance of ESG within risk management is illustrated 
by the fact that a dedicated ESG Risk Program has been defined as one of the focus areas of the OTP Group 
Risk Strategy for 2023 to 2025.   
In addition to the business and risk aspects, the OTP Group has paid particular attention to transparency and in 
launched a dedicated ESG sub-page on its website, listing all its ESG related public policies and disclosures.  
Temporary cap on floating interest rates applicable to consumer mortgage loans 
On 24 December 2021, the Hungarian Government introduced a temporary cap on floating interest rates 
applicable to consumer mortgage loans - between 1 January 2022 and 30 June 2022, floating interest rates 
applicable to consumer mortgage loans cannot be set higher than the actual floating interest rate which was 
applicable in the context of the respective mortgage loan on 27 October 2021. In addition, lenders are not 
entitled to increase principal and interest amounts payable under consumer mortgage loans with any interest 
amounts which become due and are not paid during the above temporary period. 
According to Decree 49/2022 (II. 18.) issued by the Hungarian Government on 18 February 2022: between 1 
January 2022 and 30 June 2022 in the case of financial lease contracts on housing purpose with a reference 
interest rate, the reference interest rate shall be set so, that it can not be higher than the reference interest rate 
specified in the contract on 27 October 2021. The modification loss related to the interest rate cap for variable 
rate mortgage loans announced on 22 December 2021 was recognized in the Issuer’s 2022 financial accounts. 
The extension of the interest rate cap to housing purposes financial leasing contracts did not have a significant 
negative effect. 
On 16 June 2022, the Prime Minister of Hungary announced that the Hungarian Government will maintain the 
temporary cap on floating interest rates applicable to consumer mortgage loans (on financial lease contracts on 
housing purpose also) until 31 December 2022. This amendment was introduced by Government Decree No. 
215/2022 on 17 June 2022, and entered into force on 18 June 2022. 
On 14 October 2022, the Hungarian Government decided to maintain the temporary cap on floating interest 
rates applicable to consumer mortgage loans (as well as on financial lease contracts for housing purposes) until 
30 June 2023. This amendment was introduced by Government Decree No. 390/2022 on 14 October 2022 and

--- Page 169 ---
158 
entered into force on 15 October 2022. From 1 November 2022, the application of this temporary cap was also 
extended to non-state subsidised mortgage loan contracts with an interest rate fixed for up to five years. 
According to Decree 415/2022 (X. 26.) issued by the Hungarian Government on 26 October 2022, the 
temporary cap on floating interest rates was extended to HUF denominated, non-state subsidised credit-, loan- 
and financial lease agreements of MSEs. Following 15 November 2022, interest rates were frozen retroactively 
at their level on 28 June 2022. The cap is effective until 30 June 2023, similar to the existing cap on consumer 
mortgage rates. This Decree entered into force on 27 October 2022. 
Russia-Ukraine crisis 
The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine escalated in the second half of February 2022. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, it is difficult to quantify the full effect of the Ukraine-Russia conflict on the Ukrainian 
and the Russian operations of OTP Group as there are a wide range of possible scenarios which may eventuate. 
Under the worst possible scenario, the Issuer may lose control of its investments, which under extreme 
conditions could result in the full write-off of the invested amount.  
In Russia the profit after tax of the OTP Group in local currency dropped from RUB 9.1 billion to 3.9 billion (-
57 per cent. year-on-year); the grow loan portfolio eroded by 12 per cent. year-on-year in RUB, with corporate 
exposures decreasing by 75 per cent. Intragroup funding declined to nil, and there is a Tier 2 loan expiring in 
2031 in the amount of HUF 10 billion. Russian assets comprised 3.1 per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
of the OTP Group at the end of 2022, while net loans represented 3.3 per cent. of the consolidated loan book. 
Under an unexpected and extremely negative scenario of deconsolidating the Russian entity and writing down 
the outstanding gross intragroup exposure, the effect on the consolidated CET1 ratio in 2022 would be -71 basis 
points.  
In Ukraine lending activity of the OTP Group suffered a major setback after 24 February 2022 with loan 
volumes dropping by 16 per cent. year-on-year. However the deposit book increased by 21 per cent., FX-
adjusted. Ukrainian assets comprised 3.2 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the OTP Group at the end 
of 2022, while net loans represented 2.2 per cent. of the consolidated loan book. The volume of gross intragroup 
funding for Ukraine comprised HUF 84 billion. In 2022, the Ukrainian operation posted almost a HUF 16 
billion loss. However after the negative results in 1H 2022 (first six months of 2022), the OTP Group managed 
to turn that around and achieve a positive result in 2H 2022 (second six months of 2022). The provisions 
coverage of the gross Ukrainian loan book reached almost 22 per cent. by the end of 2022 (+14.7 percentage 
points year-on-year). Under an unexpected and extremely negative scenario of deconsolidating the Ukrainian 
entity and writing down the outstanding gross intragroup funding, the effect on the consolidated CET1 ratio in 
2022 would be +1 basis point. 
In the case of Ukraine and Russia, the OTP Group applies a “going concern” approach. However, in Russia the 
OTP Group is still considering all strategic options, although a Russian presidential decree in October 2022 
prohibited the sale of shares of 45 banks, including OTP Bank Russia, without presidential approval. The 
Issuer’s management is continuously monitoring the situation of the Ukrainian-Russian conflict in order to be 
able to take the necessary steps to moderate the business risk. 
Winding up of Sberbank Hungary 
On 1 March 2022, the Single Resolution Board launched winding up proceedings in respect of the Austrian 
parent of Sberbank Hungary Ltd. (“Sberbank Hungary”), Sberbank Europe AG. Due to the serious liquidity 
and capital problems of Sberbank Hungary, the MNB has also revoked its Hungarian credit institution’s 
operating licence and has ordered its winding up. The Fund, according to its announcement published on 2 
March 2022, has started to compensate depositors on 3 March 2022, broadly, up to EUR 100,000 per depositor 
on the principal and interest amount of their deposits. On 13 April 2022, the Fund notified the Issuer, OTP

--- Page 170 ---
159 
Building Society and Merkantil Bank about their respective payment obligations due to the Fund as a 
consequence of the compensation paid by the Fund to Sberbank Hungary’s customers. Accordingly, the Issuer, 
OTP Building Society and Merkantil Bank were obliged to pay extraordinary contributions of HUF 26.8 billion, 
HUF 1.7 billion and HUF 34 million, respectively, into the Fund by 25 May 2022. These amounts are booked 
as other expenditure items, however the future profit and loss impact might be reduced by any refund obligation 
of the Fund, where the origin of proceeds is the money from the sale of Sberbank Hungary’s assets. According 
to the extraordinary announcement of MKB Bank Plc. on 26 May 202216, they had been announced as the 
winning bidder for the purchase of Sberbank Hungary’s loan portfolio with an exposure of approximately HUF 
330 billion. In 2022 the total negative effect of the winding up of Sberbank Hungary on OTP Group’s 
consolidated after tax profit was HUF 10 billion after tax. 
For the risks associated with the impact of and further information on any extraordinary contribution to the 
Fund, please also see the Risk Factors headed “The OTP Group is exposed to changes in the mandatory deposit 
guarantee and investor compensation schemes”. 
Termination of the state of emergency related to the COVID-19 pandemic 
On 24 May 2022 the Hungarian Government terminated the state of emergency related to the COVID-19 
pandemic, effective as 1 June 2022. 
On the same day, the Hungarian Parliament amended the 51st Article of the Fundamental Law of Hungary about 
the state of emergency. The amendment now allows a state of emergency to be proclaimed not only in the event 
of a natural or an industrial disaster, but also in the event of an armed conflict, a state of war or a humanitarian 
disaster in a country neighbouring Hungary. In view of this amendment and the Ukrainian-Russian war, the 
Government has declared a state of emergency, effective as of 25 May 2022.  
During the state of emergency, the Hungarian Government governs Hungary by decrees which as a general rule 
remains in effect for 15 days. After that period, each decree may be extended by the Parliament on an individual 
basis. These decrees of the government will expire at the latest at the end of the state of emergency. However, 
without prejudice to the above, even in the state of emergency the constitutional check over the Hungarian 
Government must be ensured by the Parliament and the Constitutional Court. The activity of the Constitutional 
Court cannot be suspended even in the state of emergency and it must constantly monitor the constitutionality 
of the government’s actions. Also, the Parliament is entitled to challenge the maintenance of the state of 
emergency. If the Hungarian Government proposes that the maintenance of the state of emergency is no longer 
necessary it can decide for its termination. 
On 8 June 2022, the Hungarian Parliament adopted Act VI of 2022 on resolving the consequences of the armed 
conflict and the humanitarian catastrophe in a neighbouring country of Hungary (“Emergency Decree”). 
According to the Emergency Decree – and to the 424/2022 (X.28.) and 479/2022 (XI.28.) Government decrees 
on the extension of the state of emergency –, all the Hungarian Government decrees promulgated since the 
declaration of the state of emergency on 25 May 2022 will remain in force until 29 May 2023. In case the 
Hungarian Government finds that the maintenance of the state of emergency is no longer necessary, it can 
decide for its termination before 29 May 2023, and in such case all the decrees adopted by the Hungarian 
Government during the state of emergency will immediately expire. 
Windfall tax on extra profits in the banking sector 
On 24 May 2022, the Hungarian Government announced a special tax on extraordinary profits in the banking 
and other sectors (the “Windfall Tax”). The Windfall Tax will be levied with respect to financial years 2022 
                                                          
16 Source: https://www.mkb.hu/sw/static/file/MKB_Bank_Plc_Extraordinary_information_Sberbank_offer_22_05_26.pdf

--- Page 171 ---
160 
and 2023 on a temporary basis and is expected to result in additional annual taxes on the Hungarian banking 
sector of around HUF 250 billion in total. 
On 4 June 2022, the Government Decree No. 197/2022 on extra profit taxes (the “Windfall Tax Decree”) was 
published. According to the Windfall Tax Decree, the base of the Windfall Tax for the banking sector is to be 
determined on the basis of the net sales revenue as reflected in the annual report of the relevant financial 
institution for the year preceding the relevant tax year. The rate of the Windfall Tax is 10 per cent. in 2022 and 
8 per cent. in 2023. The Windfall Tax must be assessed and declared by 10 October 2022, and 50 per cent. of 
the 2022 tax liability is also due by that date. According to the Issuer’s interpretation, the relevant taxpayers for 
these purposes are financial institutions domiciled in Hungary, and Hungarian branches of financial institutions 
domiciled in other EEA countries. 
In line with the above, the Hungarian group members of the OTP Group paid HUF 68 billion in 2022 after 
corporate tax, which was recorded in 2Q 2022 in a lump sum and was presented in the adjusted income 
statement under adjustment items. The total amount of Windfall Tax payable in 2023 is calculated to be HUF 
69 billion. 
In addition to the above, the Windfall Tax Decree also introduced new rules for the payment of the Payment 
Transaction Duty. HUF 50 billion is expected to be collected from the Hungarian financial sector by the 
extension of the scope of the Payment Transaction Duty to include securities transactions. 
According to the Windfall Tax Decree, banks and investment firms must pay a Payment Transaction Duty after 
the purchase, for the benefit of a customer or on an own account basis, of a financial instrument with an ISIN 
code issued by KELER Zrt., the Hungarian central securities depositary company. The rate of the Payment 
Transaction Duty for these purposes is 0.3 per cent of the base amount (i.e. the purchase price of the financial 
instrument credited to the securities account), but not more than HUF 10,000 per purchase. In the case of 
purchase in a foreign currency, the exchange rate must be converted into HUF at the exchange rate published 
by the National Bank of Hungary on the settlement date. In addition, the Windfall Tax Decree further extends 
the scope of the Payment Transaction Duty by making it applicable to payment services providers, credit and 
money lending, currency exchange and currency exchange intermediation services in Hungary as cross-border 
services. 
The Windfall Tax Decree was amended by the Hungarian Government on 24 April 2023. For the first half of 
2023 the tax burden will be 50 per cent. of HUF 69 billion flagged for full year 2023 by the Issuer in its 2023 
Management Guidance. The amended legislation changed the calculation of the tax base, as well as the tax rate 
for 2H 2023. Accordingly, for that period the tax base (taking into account various factors that can impact it) 
will be 50 per cent. of the profit before tax, while the tax rate will be 13 per cent. for the part of the tax base not 
exceeding HUF 10 billion, and 30 per cent. above this threshold. As a result, the annual Windfall Tax burden of 
the Issuer for 2023 will be reduced compared the originally flagged HUF 69 billion (pre-tax).   
Consumer finance joint venture company in China 
On 2 June 2022, the Issuer executed transaction agreements with its partners to establish a consumer finance 
joint venture company (the “JV”) as a greenfield investment in China. The Issuer will hold a 15 per cent. stake 
in the JV. The transaction is pending the approval of the Chinese authorities. On 14 April 2022, the National 
Bank of Hungary as the competent Hungarian authority, granted preliminary authorisation for the establishment 
of the JV.

--- Page 172 ---
161 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF THE OTP GROUP 
OTP Bank Plc. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, respectively 
31 December 
2022
31 December
2021
(in HUF million) 
Cash, amounts due from banks and balances with the National Banks .. 
4,221,392
2,556,035
Placements with other banks ................................................................... 
1,351,082
1,584,861
Repo receivables ..................................................................................... 
41,009
61,052
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ................................. 
436,387
341,397
Securities at fair value through other comprehensive income ................ 
1,739,603
2,224,510
Securities at amortised cost ..................................................................... 
4,891,938
3,891,335
Loans at amortised cost ........................................................................... 
16,094,458
13,493,183
Loans mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss ............................ 
1,247,414
1,068,111
Finance lease receivables ........................................................................ 
1,298,752
1,182,628
Associates and other investments ........................................................... 
73,849
67,222
Property and equipment .......................................................................... 
464,469
411,136
Intangible assets and goodwill ................................................................ 
237,031
248,631
Right-of-use assets .................................................................................. 
58,937
50,726
Investment properties .............................................................................. 
47,452
29,882
Derivative financial assets designated as hedge accounting ................... 
48,247
18,757
Deferred tax assets .................................................................................. 
75,421
15,109
Current income tax receivables ............................................................... 
5,650
29,978
Other assets ............................................................................................. 
471,119
276,785
Assets classified as held for sale ............................................................. 
-
2,046
TOTAL ASSETS ................................................................................... 
32,804,210
27,553,384
Amounts due to banks, the National Governments, deposits from the 
National Banks and other banks ............................................................. 
1,463,158
 
1,567,348
Repo liabilities ........................................................................................ 
217,369
 
79,047
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss ......... 
54,191
 
41,184
Deposits from customers......................................................................... 
25,188,805
 
21,068,644
Liabilities from issued securities............................................................. 
870,682
 
436,325
Derivative financial liabilities held for trading ....................................... 
385,747
 
202,716
Derivative financial liabilities designated as hedge accounting .............. 
27,949
 
11,228
Leasing liabilities .................................................................................... 
63,778
 
53,286
Deferred tax liabilities ............................................................................ 
40,094
 
24,045

--- Page 173 ---
162 
31 December 
2022
31 December
2021
Current income tax payable .................................................................... 
28,866
 
36,581
Provisions ............................................................................................... 
131,621
 
119,799
Other liabilities ....................................................................................... 
707,654
 
598,081
Subordinated bonds and loans ................................................................ 
301,984
 
278,334
TOTAL LIABILITIES ......................................................................... 
29,481,898
24,516,618
Share capital ............................................................................................ 
28,000
28,000
Retained earnings and reserves ............................................................... 
3,395,215
3,109,509
Treasury shares ....................................................................................... 
(106,862) 
(106,941) 
Total equity attributable to the parent ................................................ 
3,316,353
3,030,568
Total equity attributable to non-controlling interest ................................ 
5,959
6,198
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ............................................... 
3,322,312
3,036,766
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ............ 
32,804,210
27,553,384
Source: OTP Bank Plc. – Audited Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union and Independent Auditor’s Report as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2022 
OTP Bank Plc. Consolidated Statement of Profit or loss for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021, respectively 
 
 
2022 
2021 
(in HUF million) 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method ........  
1,508,050
922,539
Income similar to interest income  ...................................................  
495,973
194,920
Interest income and income similar to interest income ..............  
2,004,023
1,117,459
Interest expense ..............................................................................  
(912,709)
(243,149)
NET INTEREST INCOME ..........................................................  
1,091,314
874,310
Loss allowance on loans, placements and on repo receivables ........  
(155,681) 
(27,721) 
Change in the fair value attributable to changes in the credit risk of 
loans mandatorily measured at fair value through profit of loss ......  
13,346
(16,289) 
Loss allowance on securities at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and on securities at amortised cost .............  
(60,774) 
(3,974) 
Provision for commitments and guarantees given ...........................  
(6,145) 
(99) 
Release of impairment of assets subject to operating lease and of 
investment properties  ......................................................................  
(1,204) 
438
Risk cost total .................................................................................  
(210,458)
(47,645)
NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER RISK COST ......................  
880,856
826,665
Gain from derecognition of financial assets at amortized cost ...  
(1,655)
1,885

--- Page 174 ---
163 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Modification loss ............................................................................  
(39,997)
(13,672)
Income from fees and commissions .................................................  
739,576
554,113
Expense from fees and commissions ...............................................  
(139,216)
(111,939)
Net profit from fees and commissions ..........................................  
600,360
442,174
Foreign exchange results, net ...........................................................  
(14,989)
(4,075)
Gains on securities, net ....................................................................  
(4,488)
5,560
Fair value adjustment on financial instruments measured at fair 
value through profit or loss ..............................................................  
(4,164)
(532)
Gain on derivative instruments, net .................................................  
10,558
6,798
Profit from associates .......................................................................  
14,640
15,648
Goodwill impairment .......................................................................  
(67,715)
-
Other operating income....................................................................  
125,415
81,328
Other operating expense  .................................................................  
(128,785)
(85,732)
Net operating income  ....................................................................  
(69,528)
18,995
Personnel expenses  .........................................................................  
(402,563)
(340,684)
Depreciation and amortisation  ........................................................  
(107,588)
(94,996)
Other general expenses ....................................................................  
(464,997)
(311,932)
Other administrative expenses ......................................................  
(975,148)
(747,612)
PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX ..............................................  
394,888
528,435
Income tax expense ..........................................................................  
(59,251)
(72,123)
NET PROFIT FOR THE YEAR FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS ...............................................................................  
335,637
456,312
Source: OTP Bank Plc. Audited Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union and Independent Auditor’s Report for the year ended 31 December 2022

--- Page 175 ---
164 
Additional information on the OTP Group’s performance in the period between 2003 and 2022 
2003-
2008
average
2009-
2013
average
2014 
2015
2016
2017 
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
ROE ...............................  
29.4%
8.4%
(7.4% ) 
5.1%
15.4%
18.5% 
18.7%
20.3%
10.9%
17.0%
11.0%(2) 
Adjusted ROE ................  
29.0%
11.6%
8.5% 
9.6%
15.4%
18.7% 
19.1%
20.6%
13.0%
18.5%
18.8%(2) 
Total Revenue Margin ....  
8.60%
8.17%
7.74% 
6.98%
6.79%
6.71% 
6.33%
6.28%
5.37%
5.21%
5.31%(2) 
Net Interest Margin ........  
6.02%
6.28%
5.96% 
5.12%
4.82%
4.56% 
4.30%
4.12%
3.61%
3.51%
3.51%(2) 
Net fee and commission 
Margin ............................  
1.50%
1.47%
1.59% 
1.55%
 
1.62%
1.75%  
1.58%
 
1.65%
1.34%
1.29%
1.27%(2) 
Other Income Margin .....  
1.08%
0.41%
0.19% 
0.31%
 
0.35%
0.41%  
0.44%
 
0.52%
0.41%
0.41%
0.53%(2) 
Operating costs / 
Average assets ................  
4.47%
3.80%
3.85% 
3.66%
3.70%
3.68% 
3.57%
3.31%
2.90%
2.59%
2.53%(2) 
Cost-to-Income ratio ......  
51.9%
46.5%
49.8% 
52.0%
54.4%
54.9% 
56.3%
52.7%
54.1%
49.7%
47.6%(2) 
Credit Risk Cost Rate .....  
0.90%
3.37%
3.68% 
3.18%
1.14%
0.43% 
0.23%
0.28%
1.15%
0.30%
0.73%(2) 
CET1 capital ratio(3) .......  
9.1%
13.4%
14.1% 
13.3%
13.5%
12.7% 
16.5%
14.4%(1) 
15.4%
17.5%
16.1%
 
Note: 
 
(1) For 2019 the originally published 13.9% CET1 ratio assumed a dividend payment of HUF 69.44 billion. However, on 30 April 2020 
the Board of Directors – acting on behalf of the AGM in accordance with legal authorisation – in line with a recommendation by the 
NBH - decided to put the total profit made in 2019 into general reserves and retained earnings. As a result, the 2019 CET1 ratio 
changed to 14.4%, incorporating the dividend amount not being paid out. 
(2) If adjusted to exclude of the Russian and Ukrainian operations, ROE is 11.7%, adjusted ROE is 20.7%, total revenue margin 
 
is 4.70%, net interest margin is 3.05%, net fee and commission margin is 1.20%, other income margin is 0.46%, operating costs / 
average assets is 2.33%, cost-to-income ratio is 49.5% and credit risk cost rate is -0.04%. 
(3) 
CET1 ratio based on IFRS financials, under the accounting scope of consolidation. 
Additional information on the OTP Group’s performance in 2022 
OTP Group consolidated 
2021 
2022
Change
Fx-adjusted
4Q 2022
Q-o-Q
Change
Fx-adjusted
2022
Y-o-Y
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
 
% 
 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
 
Profit after tax for the year ............................................  
456,428 
347,081
(24) 
(39) 
(32) 
Adjustments (total) ...................................................  
(40,474 ) 
(245,466) 
506
539
Adjusted profit after tax for the year .........................  
496,902 
592,547
19
(18) 
8
Adjusted profit before tax .....................................  
587,853 
690,022
17
(15) 
7
Operating profit ................................................  
660,391 
868,487
32
(9) 
22
Adjusted total income ..................................  
1,313,124 
1,656,571
26
0
17
Adjusted net interest income ....................  
884,012 
1,093,579
24
2
14

--- Page 176 ---
165 
Adjusted net profit from fees and 
commissions ............................................  
325,548  
397,118
22
3
14
Adjusted other net non-interest income ....  
103,563  
165,874
60
(14) 
52
Adjusted operating expenses ........................  
(652,733 ) 
(788,084) 
21
12
13
Total risk costs .................................................  
(72,538 ) 
(178,465) 
146
32
130
Adjusted corporate income tax .............................  
(90,951 ) 
(97,475) 
7
4
1
 
 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of balance sheet, closing balances(2) 
Total assets ........................................................................  
27,553,384
32,804,210
19
Total customer loans (net, FX adjusted) ...........................  
16,655,367
18,640,624
12
Total customer deposits (FX adjusted) .............................  
22,173,249
25,188,805
14
Liabilities from issued securities ......................................  
436,325
870,682
100
Subordinated bonds and loans ..........................................  
278,334
301,984
8
Total shareholders’ equity .................................................  
3,036,766
3,322,312
9
 
 
Note: 
 
For FX adjustment, the closing cross currency rates for the current period were used to calculate the HUF equivalent of 
loan and deposit volumes in the base period. 
 
2021
2022
Change
pps
Indicators 
ROE ..................................................................................  
17.0% 
11.0% 
(6.0) 
Adjusted ROE...................................................................  
18.5% 
18.8% 
0.3
Adjusted ROA ..................................................................  
2.0% 
1.9% 
(0.1) 
Total revenue margin .................................................  
5.21% 
5.31% 
0.10
Net interest margin .................................................  
3.51% 
3.51% 
0.00
Cost-to-asset ratio .........................................................  
2.59% 
2.53% 
(0.06) 
Cost-to-income ratio .....................................................  
49.7% 
47.6% 
(2.1) 
Risk cost rate ....................................................................  
0.30% 
0.73% 
0.43
Net loan/(deposit+retail bond) ratio (FX adjusted) ..........  
75% 
74% 
(1) 
 
OTP Group consolidated without Russia and Ukraine

--- Page 177 ---
166 
2021 
2022
Change
Fx-adjusted
4Q 2022
 Q-o-Q
Change
Fx-adjusted
2022
Y-o-Y
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
 
% 
 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
 
Profit after tax for the year ............................................  
380,029 
320,623
(16) 
(40) 
(22) 
Adjustments (total) ...................................................  
(40,224 ) 
(245,298) 
510
547
Adjusted profit after tax for the year .........................  
420,253 
565,921
35
(13) 
27
Adjusted profit before tax .....................................  
493,273 
657,047
33
(12) 
25
Operating profit ................................................  
543,262 
690,487
27
(17) 
19
Adjusted total income ..................................  
1,111,399 
1,367,271
23
(3) 
15
Adjusted net interest income ....................  
730,598 
885,567
21
0
13
Adjusted net profit from fees and 
commissions ............................................  
285,327  
349,194
22
2
16
Adjusted other net non-interest income ....  
95,475  
132,510
39
(27) 
30
Adjusted operating expenses ........................  
(568,137 ) 
(676,785) 
19
13
12
Total risk costs .................................................  
(49,989 ) 
(33,440) 
(33) 
(44) 
(41) 
Adjusted corporate income tax .............................  
(73,020 ) 
(91,126) 
25
(6) 
18
2021
2022
Change
pps
Indicators 
Adjusted ROE...................................................................  
17.9% 
20.7% 
2.8
Net interest margin ...........................................................  
3.09% 
3.05% 
(0.04) 
Cost-to-income ratio .........................................................  
51.1% 
49.5% 
(1.6) 
Risk cost rate ....................................................................  
0.19% 
(0.04%) 
(0.23) 
 
The overall performance of the Issuer and the OTP Group in 2022 was shaped mainly by the direct and indirect 
impact of the war between Russia and Ukraine which began on 24 February 2022. 
In 2022, the OTP Group has successfully completed the purchase of Alpha Bank in Albania, and the 3Q results 
already incorporated the balance sheet and profit and loss numbers of the newly acquired entity. 
The OTP Group recorded HUF 347.1 billion (EUR 0.89 billion) profit after tax in 2022. The significant, year-
on-year 24 per cent. drop was due to the increase in the negative adjustment items. The annual ROE was 11 per 
cent. (a drop of 6.0 percentage points year-on-year).  
The total volume of negative adjustment items amounted to HUF 245 billion underpinning a year-on-year six-
fold increase. The major items were as follows: 
- 
a negative amount of HUF 91.4 billion tax on financial institutions including both the banking tax and 
the windfall tax (after tax); 
- 
a negative amount of HUF 59.3 billion on goodwill and investment impairment charges (after tax);

--- Page 178 ---
167 
- 
a negative amount of HUF 36.5 billion in respect of the expected one-of effect of the extension of the 
interest rate cap for certain loans in Hungary (after tax); 
- 
a negative amount of HUF 35 billion in impairments on Russian government bonds held at OTP Core 
and DSK Bank (after tax); 
- 
a negative amount of HUF 10.4 billion in respect of the effect of the winding up Sberbank Hungary (after 
tax); 
- 
a negative amount of HUF 2.5 billion in respect of the expected one-off negative effect of the debt 
payment moratorium in Hungary (after tax); and 
- 
a negative amount of HUF 14 billion in other items. 
The profit after tax, as well as the balance sheet items were substantially affected by currency movements as 
the average rate of the Hungarian Forint year-on-year depreciated against all currencies, the most significant 
weakening (-37.5 per cent.) being against RUB.  
The weight of exposures towards Russia and Ukraine was shaped partially by FX moves, but also by deliberate 
or forced business policy measures.  
In Russia the profit after tax in local currency dropped from RUB 9.1 billion to 3.9 billion (-57 per cent. year-
on-year); the grow loan portfolio eroded by 12 per cent. year-on-year in RUB, with corporate exposures 
decreasing by 75 per cent. Intragroup funding declined to nil, and there is a Tier 2 loan expiring in 2031 in the 
amount of HUF 10 billion. Russian assets comprised 3.1 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the OTP 
Group at the end of 2022, while net loans represented 3.3 per cent. of the consolidated loan book. Under an 
unexpected and extremely negative scenario of deconsolidating the Russian entity and writing down the 
outstanding gross intragroup exposure, the effect on the consolidated CET1 ratio would be -71 basis points.  
In Ukraine lending activity suffered a major setback after 24 February 2022 with loan volumes dropping by 16 
per cent. year-on-year. However the deposit book increased by 21 per cent., FX-adjusted. Ukrainian assets 
comprised 3.2 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the OTP Group at the end of 2022, while net loans 
represented 2.2 per cent. of the consolidated loan book. The volume of gross intragroup funding for Ukraine 
comprised HUF 84 billion. In 2022, the Ukrainian operation posted almost a HUF 16 billion loss. However 
after the negative results in 1H 2022, the bank managed to turn that around and achieve a positive result in 2H 
2022. The provisions coverage of the gross Ukrainian loan book reached almost 22 per cent. by the end of 2022 
(+14.7 percentage points year-on-year). Under an unexpected and extremely negative scenario of 
deconsolidating the Ukrainian entity and writing down the outstanding gross intragroup funding, the effect on 
the consolidated CET1 ratio would be +1 basis point. 
In the case of Ukraine and Russia, the OTP Group applies a “going concern” approach. However, in Russia the 
OTP Group is still considering all strategic options, although a Russian presidential decree in October 2022 
prohibited the sale of shares of 45 banks, including OTP Bank Russia, without presidential approval. The 
Issuer’s management is continuously monitoring the situation of the Ukrainian-Russian conflict in order to be 
able to take the necessary steps to moderate the business risk. 
2022 earnings to a large extent were shaped by the 32 per cent. improvement in operating result; total risk costs 
grew by 146 per cent. year-on-year mainly due to higher Russian and Ukrainian provisions. The dynamic 
increase of total income (+26 per cent.) was supported by all lines. The net interest income advanced by 24 per 
cent. year-on-year, whereas growth in the net fee and commission income grew was slower, with growth of 22 
per cent. year-on-year. Other net non-interest income surged by 60 per cent. year-on-year and within that FX 
results more than doubled. 
The consolidated net interest margin remained flat year-on-year (3.51 per cent.). Despite the rising interest rate 
environment, the consolidated net interest margin of the OTP Group remained flat due to the Hungarian margin 
narrowing considerably as a result of the following: (i) the fixed rate asset surplus of the Issuer (mainly due to

--- Page 179 ---
168 
the size of the Issuer’s fixed rate Hungarian government bond portfolio); (ii) the Issuer’s variable rate loans 
reprice slower than its variable rate corporate deposits, causing margin pressure in the context of the steeply 
rising short term interest rates; and (iii) the compulsory reserve requirement of the Issuer increased and from 
October 2022 the rate paid by the MNB on those reserves was no longer aligned with the 18 per cent. overnight 
rate. Apart from the Russian market, in other geographies the rate hike trend continued. In 2022 the Ukrainian, 
Moldavian and Hungarian policy rates closed at the highest levels (25 per cent., 20 per cent. and 18 per cent., 
respectively). The positive impact of higher rates on the interest income is realised only gradually as a result of 
the different dynamics in deposit and loan repricing. In other markets like Bulgaria, Ukraine, Slovenia, Moldova 
and Romania the net interest margin improved in 2022 year-on-year; at OTP Core, however it eroded by 28 
basis points year-on-year.  
Consolidated operating expenses grew by 21 per cent. year-on-year, although underlying inflation above 10 per 
cent. in most countries impacted on all cost elements. The consolidated cost-to-income ratio improved by 2.1 
percentage points year-on-year to 47.6 per cent.; the cost-to-asset ratio (2.53 per cent.) declined by 6 bps year-
on-year. 
Total risk costs for 2022 amounted to -HUF 178 billion, two and the half times higher than in 2021. Within this 
the total volume of credit risk costs reached -HUF 135.2 billion versus -HUF 46 billion a year ago. The credit 
risk cost rate stood at 0.73 per cent. (+42 basis points year-on-year). Without the Russian and Ukrainian 
operations the yearly credit risk costs were +HUF 7 billion implying a CoR of -0.04 per cent. versus 0.19 per 
cent. in 2021. 
The FX-adjusted consolidated performing (Stage 1+2) loan volumes increased by 12 per cent. year-on-year. 
Without the Ukrainian and Russian volumes but incorporating the acquisition impact of Alpha Bank Albania 
the loan book increased by 15 per cent. As a result, the growth of the portfolio reached close to HUF 2,300 
billion in 2022. Apart from the Ukrainian, Russian and Moldavian subsidiaries, all other operations posted an 
increase of around or above 10 per cent., whereas in those three countries the decline was 27, 16 and 5 per cent. 
year-on-year, respectively. Alongside the strong volume dynamics OTP managed to improve its markets shares 
in many countries and segments, which was a positive outcome. 
As for the major segments, the fastest FX-adjusted performing loan volume increase was posted in the corporate 
sector (+20 per cent. year-on-year), followed by MSE loans (+12 per cent.) which was also supported by the 
new subsidiary structures in Hungary. The consumer book grew by 3 per cent., while the mortgage book by 10 
per cent. year-on-year, respectively. 
The FX-adjusted deposits grew by 14 per cent. year-on-year which corresponds to about a HUF 3,000 billion 
increase. Without the Russian, Ukrainian volumes the growth was 13 per cent. year-on-year.  
The consolidated net loan-to-deposit ratio marginally declined to 74 per cent. (-1 percentage point year-on-
year). 
The credit profile of the consolidated loan book continued to further improve in 2022, with the major indicators 
shaping favourably. The Stage 3 ratio under IFRS 9 comprised 4.9 per cent. of the gross loan exposure by the 
end of 4Q 2022 underpinning a year-on-year 0.3 percentage point improvement. The own coverage of Stage 3 
exposures was 61 per cent. On the OTP Group level the Ukrainian and Russian operations had the highest Stage 
3 ratio (18.1 per cent. and 15.7 per cent., respectively). The consolidated Stage 2 ratio stood at 11.6 per cent. at 
the end of 2022. 
The general Hungarian payment moratorium ceased to exist by the end of 2022. At OTP Core and Merkantil 
Bank altogether 2.1 per cent. of their aggregated gross loan volumes were under the expiring moratorium (HUF 
148 billion). There is still a moratorium in place for agricultural companies until the end of 2023, with the

--- Page 180 ---
169 
affected loan volumes comprising HUF 57 billion at OTP Core and Merkantil Group in total (0.8 per cent. of 
their aggregated gross loan volumes). 
The following tables show additional financial information by main segments of the OTP Group, for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively: 
OTP Core  
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ..................................... 
213,377
253,232
19
Adjusted total income ............................................ 
546,215
637,469
17
Adjusted net interest income ............................... 
369,309
412,611
12
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions .. 
150,578
176,830
17
Adjusted other net non-interest income ............... 
26,328
48,028
82
Adjusted other administrative expenses ................. 
(289,034) 
(343,212) 
19
Total risk costs ........................................................... 
(3,210) 
2.415
 
 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of balance sheet closing balances 
Total Assets ....................................................................... 
14,207,399
15,758,292
11
Net customer loans (FX-adjusted) .................................... 
5,387,188
6,278,620
17
 
2021
2022
Change
pps 
Indicators 
Adjusted ROE ............................................................ 
11.6% 
12.6% 
1.0
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ..... 
4.6% 
4.9% 
0.3
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 ........... 
42.7% 
43.2% 
0.5

--- Page 181 ---
170 
OTP Fund Management (Hungary) 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ..................................... 
6,116
9,357
53
Adjusted total income .......................................... 
10,044
14,585
45
Adjusted net interest income ............................ 
0
0
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions
 .......................................................................... 
9,799
14,094
44
Adjusted other net non-interest income ............ 
245
491
101
Adjusted other administrative expenses .............. 
(3,125) 
(3,907) 
25
Total risk costs ..................................................... 
(14) 
(86) 
509
Asset under management 
Assets under management, total (w/o duplicates)(3) 
 
1,331
1,782
34
 
Note: 
 
The cumulative net asset value of investment funds and managed assets of OTP Fund Management, eliminating the volume 
of own investment funds (duplications) being managed in other investment funds and managed assets of OTP Fund 
Management. 
 
Merkantil (Hungary) 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ..................................... 
7,998
10,971
37
Adjusted total income ............................................. 
23,291
24,766
6
Adjusted net interest income ............................... 
20,680
22,537
9
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions .. 
116
921
694
Adjusted other net non-interest income ............... 
2,495
1,307
(48) 
Adjusted other administrative expenses .................. 
(11,330) 
(10,836) 
(4) 
Total risk costs ........................................................... 
(3,045) 
(1,314) 
(57) 
2021
2022
Change
pps

--- Page 182 ---
171 
2021
2022
Change
Indicators 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ............ 
2.9% 
2.7% 
(0.2) 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 .................. 
60.0% 
53.1% 
(6.9) 
Adjusted ROE ................................................................... 
14.3% 
19.1% 
4.8
 
 
DSK Group (Bulgaria) 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ....................................  
76,790
119,885
56
Adjusted total income ............................................. 
178,470
230,834
29
Adjusted net interest income ............................. 
112,869
145,461
29
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions  
54,508
68,755
26
Adjusted other net non-interest income ............. 
11,093
16,618
50
Adjusted other administrative expenses ................. 
(72,230) 
(88,451) 
22
Total risk costs ........................................................ 
(20,997) 
(9,819) 
(53) 
2021
2022
Change
pps 
Indicators 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ....... 
6.2% 
3.5% 
(2.7) 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 ............. 
68.2% 
60.2% 
(8.0) 
Adjusted ROE .............................................................. 
11.8% 
16.7% 
4.9
 
 
 
OBH (Croatia) 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ....................................  
33,448
42,801
28
Adjusted total income ............................................ 
88,736
102,042
15

--- Page 183 ---
172 
2021
2022
Change
Adjusted net interest income ...............................  
60,933
70,547
16
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions ..  
18,183
24,692
36
Adjusted other net non-interest income ...............  
9,619
6,803
(29) 
Adjusted other administrative expenses ..............  
(45,313) 
(53,029) 
17
Total risk costs ...........................................................  
(2,357) 
3,082
 
2021 
2022
Change
 
pps 
Indicators 
 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ............  
8.0 % 
4.9% 
(3.1) 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 ..................  
61.4 % 
70.6% 
9.2
Adjusted ROE ..................................................................  
10.0 % 
11.4% 
1.4
 
OTP Bank Serbia 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ....................................  
32,104
36,873
15
Adjusted total income ............................................  
83,494
104,524
25
Adjusted net interest income ..............................  
62,497
76,635
23
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions .  
14,410
17,954
25
Adjusted other net non-interest income ..............  
6,586
9,934
51
Adjusted other administrative expenses .................  
(42,740) 
(45,980) 
8
Total risk costs ...........................................................  
(5,040) 
(15,553) 
209
 
2021 
2022
Change
 
pps 
Indicators 
 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ............  
2.9 % 
2.5% 
(0.4) 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 ..................  
53.6 % 
59.8% 
6.2
Adjusted ROE ..................................................................  
11.4 % 
10.9% 
(0.5) 
 
SKB Banka (Slovenia)

--- Page 184 ---
173 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ....................................  
16,822
23.860
42
Adjusted total income.............................................  
42,354
51,403
21
Adjusted net interest income ..............................  
27,673
33,688
22
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions .  
13,258
15,416
16
Adjusted other net non-interest income ..............  
1,423
2,299
61
Adjusted other administrative expenses .................  
(22,759) 
(27,357) 
20
Total risk costs ...........................................................  
1,065
5,523
419
 
2021
2022
Change 
pps 
Indicators 
 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ............ 
1.3% 
1.2% 
(0.1 ) 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 ................... 
56.1% 
68.4% 
12.3 
Adjusted ROE ................................................................... 
10.0% 
12.8% 
2.8 
 
 
OTP Bank Romania 
2021
2022
Change
(in HUF million) 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ....................................  
4,253
3,071
(28) 
Adjusted total income.............................................  
46,699
62,596
34
Adjusted net interest income ..............................  
36,270
53,560
48
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions .  
4,143
4,743
14
Adjusted other net non-interest income ..............  
6,285
4,293
(32) 
Adjusted other administrative expenses .................  
(37,762) 
(45,212) 
20
Total risk costs ...........................................................  
(3,240) 
(13,663) 
322
 
2021
2022
Change
pps

--- Page 185 ---
174 
Indicators 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ............ 
5.7% 
5.2% 
(0.5) 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 .................. 
57.5% 
54.1% 
(3.4) 
Adjusted ROE ................................................................... 
3.0% 
1.8% 
(1.2) 
 
OTP Bank Ukraine 
2021
2022
Change
HUF million 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ....................................  
39,024
(15,922) 
Adjusted total income ............................................  
83,567
110,805
33
Adjusted net interest income ..............................  
62,051
90,007
45
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions .  
14,494
12,673
(13) 
Adjusted other net non-interest income ..............  
7,022
8,125
16
Adjusted other administrative expenses .................  
(28,806) 
(30,943) 
7
Total risk costs ...........................................................  
(7,494) 
(93,067) 
1142
 
2021
2022
Change 
pps 
Indicators 
 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ...........  
6.3% 
18.1% 
11.8 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 ..................  
69.6% 
75.3% 
5.7 
Adjusted ROE ..................................................................  
28.8% 
(12.4%) 
(41.2 ) 
 
OTP Bank Russia 
 
2021 
2022
Change 
HUF million 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
 
 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ...................................  
37,624 
42,548
13 
Adjusted total income  ..........................................  
118,158 
178,494
51 
Adjusted net interest income .............................  
91,364 
118,004
29 
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions  
25,728 
35,251
37

--- Page 186 ---
175 
2021 
2022
Change 
HUF million 
% 
Adjusted other net non-interest income .............  
1,066 
25,239
2268 
Adjusted other administrative expenses ................  
(55,790 ) 
(80,357) 
44 
Total risk costs .........................................................  
(15,055 ) 
(51,958) 
245 
2021
2022 
Change
 
pps 
Indicators 
 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ............ 
11.4% 
15.7 % 
4.3
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 .................. 
95.1% 
93.6 % 
(1.5) 
Adjusted ROE ................................................................... 
18.2% 
14.1 % 
(4.1) 
 
CKB Group (Montenegro) 
2021
2022
Change
HUF million 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ..................................... 
4,140
9,791
137
Adjusted total income ............................................. 
22,046
28,816
31
Adjusted net interest income ............................... 
16,553
20,832
26
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions .. 
4,880
7,106
46
Adjusted other net non-interest income ............... 
613
878
43
Adjusted other administrative expenses .................. 
(11,805) 
(13,683) 
16
Total risk costs ........................................................... 
(5,283) 
(3,158) 
(40) 
 
2021
2022
Change
pps 
Indicators 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ..... 
7.0% 
4.9% 
(2,1) 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 ........... 
66.0% 
64.4% 
(1,6) 
Adjusted ROE ............................................................ 
5.2% 
10.9% 
5,7

--- Page 187 ---
176 
OTP Bank Albania 
2021
2022
Change
HUF million 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ....................................  
5,522
10,175
84
Adjusted total income ............................................. 
13,398
20,232
51
Adjusted net interest income ............................. 
10,619
16,927
59
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions  
1,843
3,067
66
Adjusted other net non-interest income ............. 
936
238
(75) 
Adjusted other administrative expenses ................. 
(6,186) 
(10,896) 
76
Total risk costs ........................................................... 
(705) 
(2,852) 
(505) 
 
2021
2022
Change
pps 
Indicators 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ............ 
3.3% 
4.9% 
1.6
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 .................. 
73.3% 
54.4% 
(18.9) 
Adjusted ROE................................................................... 
17.6% 
21.1% 
3.5
 
OTP Bank Moldova 
2021 
2022
Change
HUF million 
% 
Main components of the Statement of recognised 
income 
 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ..................................... 
5,858 
9,403
61
Adjusted total income ............................................  
15,271 
27,830
82
Adjusted net interest income ...............................  
9,698 
19,172
98
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions ..  
2,344 
2,624
12
Adjusted other net non-interest income ...............  
3,230 
6,034
87
Adjusted other administrative expenses .................  
(7,437 ) 
(10,279) 
38
Total risk costs ...........................................................  
(1,175 ) 
(6,763) 
476
 
2021
2022
Change
pps

--- Page 188 ---
177 
2021
2022
Change
Indicators 
Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans ............  
1.8% 
2.8% 
1.0
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 ..................  
54.3% 
61.3% 
7.0
Adjusted ROE ...................................................................  
15.2% 
19.3% 
4.1
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Issuer considers each metric set out below to constitute an alternative performance measure (“APM”) as 
described in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
(the “ESMA Guidelines”) published on 5 October 2015 by the European Securities and Markets Authority and 
which came into force on 3 July 2016. An APM should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitute for 
any analysis of, financial information presented in compliance with Financial Reporting Standards 102 (FRS 
102). 
All figures in the tables below are rounded and presented in HUF million. For FX adjustment, the closing cross 
currency rates for the current period were used to calculate the HUF equivalent of loan and deposit volumes in 
the base periods.  
The definition of average balance sheet items: calendar day-weighted average of the average balance sheet 
items in periods comprising the given period, where periods comprising the given period are defined as quarters 
(and within that months) in case of 1H, 9M and FY periods, and months in case of quarters. Furthermore, the 
average of the average balance sheet items is computed as the arithmetic average of closing balance sheet items 
for the previous period and the current period. 
Adjusted profit after tax 
Definition: 
Profit after tax as per the financial statements modified by adjustments 
determined by management. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on profits for the period on an adjusted basis, in 
order to enable better comparability of profits of prior periods. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
Profit after tax for the year ......................................................................................................................................  
456,428
 
347,081
(-) Adjustments (total, after corporate income tax) ..................................................................................................  
(40,474) 
(245,466) 
Dividends and net cash transfers (after tax) ........................................................................................................  
729
1,927
Goodwill/investment impairment charges (after tax) ..........................................................................................  
1,909
(59,254) 
Special tax on financial institutions and one-timer payment compensating the underperformance of the 
financial transaction tax (after corporate income tax) .........................................................................................  
(18,893) 
(91,353) 
Expected one-off negative effect of the debt repayment moratorium in Hungary and Serbia (after corporate 
income tax) .........................................................................................................................................................  
(15,040) 
(2,473) 
Expected one-off effect of the extension of the interest rate cap for certain retail loans in Hungary (after tax)  .  
0
 
(36,585) 
Effect of the winding up of Sberbank Hungary (after tax)  .................................................................................  
0
 
(10,389) 
Effect of acquisitions (after tax) ..........................................................................................................................  
(15,506) 
(15,594) 
Result of the treasury share swap agreement (after tax) ......................................................................................  
6,326
3,028
Impairments on Russian government bonds at OTP Core and DSK Bank booked in 2022 (after tax)  ...............  
0
(34,775) 
Adjusted profit after tax for the year .......................................................................................................................  
496,902
592,547

--- Page 189 ---
178 
Adjusted net interest income 
Definition: 
Net interest income before loss allowance on loans and placements as per the 
financial statements modified by adjustments determined by management. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on net interest income for the period on an adjusted 
basis, in order to enable better comparability of net interest income of prior periods. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
Net interest income ................................................................................................................................................. 
874,310
1,091,314
(+) Presentation of the revaluation result of intra-group swaps on the net interest income line realised at the 
Romanian and Slovakian operations .................................................................................................................... 
625
2,034
(-) Netting of interest revenues on DPD90+ loans with the related provision (booked on the Provision for loan 
losses line) at OTP Core and CKB....................................................................................................................... 
1,131
5,335
(-) Effect of acquisitions on net interest income .................................................................................................. 
(2,680) 
(3,179) 
(-) Reclassification due to the introduction of IFRS16......................................................................................... 
(1,556) 
(2,386) 
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines .............................. 
46
0
(-) Expected one-off negative effect of the debt repayment moratorium in Hungary and Serbia ......................... 
(5,925) 
0
Adjusted net interest income ................................................................................................................................... 
884,012
1,093,579
 
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions 
Definition: 
Net profit from fees and commissions as per the financial statements modified by 
adjustments determined by management. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on net profit from fees and commissions for the 
period on an adjusted basis, in order to enable better comparability of net profit 
from fees and commissions of prior periods. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Net profit from fees and commissions ....................................................................................................................... 
442,174 
600,360
(+) Payment transaction duty ................................................................................................................................. 
(68,818 ) 
(89,751) 
(-) Effect of acquisitions net profit from fees and commissions ............................................................................. 
(33 ) 
(2) 
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines ................................ 
0 
0
(-) Structural shift of income from currency exchange from net fees to the FX result ........................................... 
47,843 
113,494
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions......................................................................................................... 
325,548 
397,118
 
Adjusted other net non-interest income 
Definition: 
Sum of foreign exchange gains (net), gain/loss on securities (net), and other non-
interest income (net) as per the financial statements modified by adjustments 
determined by management. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on other non-interest income of the period on an 
adjusted basis, in order to enable better comparability of other non-interest income 
of prior periods. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
Foreign exchange result .......................................................................................................................................  
(4,075) 
(14,989) 
(-) Presentation of the revaluation result of intra-group swaps on the net interest income line realised at the 
Romanian and Slovakian operations ....................................................................................................................  
(492) 
7,818
(-) Effect of acquisitions  .....................................................................................................................................  
0
(4) 
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines ..............................  
(10) 
0

--- Page 190 ---
179 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
(+) Structural shift of income from currency exchange from net fees to the FX result ........................................  
47,843
113,494
Gain/loss on securities, net ..................................................................................................................................  
5,560
(4,488) 
(-) Effect of acquisitions ......................................................................................................................................  
(1,077) 
(556) 
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines ..............................  
14
0
(-) Revaluation result of the treasury share swap agreement ................................................................................  
2,766
(10,002) 
(+) Structural adjustment due to the Gain from derecognition of financial assets at amortized cost line (against 
Gain/loss on securities, net)  ................................................................................................................................  
1,031
(4,636) 
(+) Shifting of the Gains and losses on non-trading securities mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
line from the Net other non-interest income to the Gains or losses from securities line ......................................  
4,812
145
Gains and losses on real estate transactions .........................................................................................................  
6,424
5,269
Result of discontinued operation and gains from disposal of subsidiaries classified as held for sale ...................  
282
11,444
(+) Other non-interest income ..............................................................................................................................  
74,246
118,777
(+) Gains and losses on derivative instruments ....................................................................................................  
6,797
10,558
(+) Net insurance result .......................................................................................................................................  
657
1,370
(+) Losses on loans measured mandatorily at fair value through other comprehensive income and on securities 
at amortised cost ..................................................................................................................................................  
(532) 
(4,164) 
(-) Shifting of the Gains and losses on non-trading securities mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
line from the Net other non-interest income to the Gains or losses from securities line ......................................  
4,812
145
(-) Received cash transfers ...................................................................................................................................  
165
447
(+) Other non-interest expenses ...........................................................................................................................  
(44,882) 
(72,969) 
(+) Change in shareholders' equity of companies consolidated with equity method, and the change in the net 
asset value of the private equity funds managed by PortfoLion ...........................................................................  
11,155
840
(-) Effect of acquisitions ......................................................................................................................................  
(4) 
3,268
(-) Presentation of the revaluation result of intra-group swaps on the net interest income line realised at the 
Romanian and Slovakian operations ....................................................................................................................  
1,117
(5,783) 
(-) Expected one-off negative effect of the debt repayment moratorium in Hungary and Serbia .........................  
(948) 
(591) 
(-) One-off impact of the CHF mortgage loan conversion programme and regulatory changes related to 
mortgage loans in Romania .................................................................................................................................  
(194) 
(275) 
(-) Netting of refunds related to legal cases (accounted for on the Net other non-interest result line) with the 
release of provisions created earlier for these cases (accounted for on the Other provisions line) from 1Q 2017 
at OTP Bank Romania .........................................................................................................................................  
387
0
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines ..............................  
0
(5) 
(+) Shifting of the costs of mediated services at Merkantil Bérlet Ltd. to the net other non-interest result line ...  
0
(1,846) 
(+) Structural adjustment due to the Gain from derecognition of financial assets at amortized cost line (against 
Net other non-interest result)  ..............................................................................................................................  
0
(492) 
(-) Expected one-off effect of the interest rate cap for certain loans in Hungary..................................................  
0
(2,022) 
Adjusted other net non-interest income without one-offs ........................................................................................  
103,563
 
165,874
 
Adjusted total income 
Definition: 
Sum of adjusted net interest income, adjusted net profit from fees and commissions 
and adjusted other net non-interest income without one-offs. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information of total income on an adjusted basis, in order to 
enable better comparability of total income of prior periods. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
 
2021
2022
Adjusted net interest income ...........................................................................................................................................
884,012
1,093,579
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions ...............................................................................................................
325,548
397,118
Adjusted other net non-interest income without one-offs ................................................................................................
103,563
165,874
Adjusted total income ......................................................................................................................................................
1,313,124
1,656,571

--- Page 191 ---
180 
Adjusted operating expenses 
Definition: 
Other administrative expenses as per the financial statements modified by 
adjustments determined by management. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information of other administrative expenses on an adjusted 
basis, in order to enable better comparability of other administrative expenses of 
prior periods. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
Depreciation ........................................................................................................................................................ 
(94,996) 
(107,588) 
(-) Effect of acquisitions ...................................................................................................................................... 
(6,134) 
(4,917) 
(-) Reclassification due to the introduction of IFRS16......................................................................................... 
(16,064) 
(18,008) 
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines .............................. 
(20) 
0
Personnel expenses .............................................................................................................................................. 
(340,684) 
(402,563) 
(-) Effect of acquisitions ...................................................................................................................................... 
(781) 
(1,259) 
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines .............................. 
(298) 
0
Other administrative expenses ............................................................................................................................. 
(311,932) 
(464,997) 
(+) Other costs and expenses ............................................................................................................................... 
(6,508) 
(17,279) 
(+) Other non-interest expenses ........................................................................................................................... 
(56,874) 
(90,678) 
(-) Paid cash transfers .......................................................................................................................................... 
(11,992) 
(17,709) 
(+) Film subsidies and cash transfers to public benefit organisations 
(11,873) 
(17,519) 
(-) Other non-interest expenses ............................................................................................................................ 
(44,882) 
(72,969) 
(-) Special tax on financial institutions (recognised as other administrative expenses)  ....................................... 
(20,680) 
(96,808) 
(-) Tax deductible transfers (offset against corporate taxes)  ............................................................................... 
(8,137) 
(14,479) 
(-) Financial Transaction Tax .............................................................................................................................. 
(68,818) 
(89,751) 
(-) Effect of acquisitions ...................................................................................................................................... 
(10,370) 
(4,654) 
(+) Reclassification due to the introduction of IFRS16 ........................................................................................ 
(17,620) 
(20,395) 
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines .............................. 
(106) 
0
(-) Expected one-off negative effect of the debt repayment moratorium in Hungary and Serbia ......................... 
(318) 
0
(-) Shifting of the costs of mediated services at Merkantil Bérlet Ltd. to the net other non-interest result line .... 
0
(1,846) 
(+) Shifting of certain expenses arising from mediated services from other provisions to the other non-interest 
expenses line........................................................................................................................................................ 
0
(882) 
(-) Effect of the winding up of Sberbank Hungary (contribution to the Deposit Protection Fund)  ...................... 
0
(11,416) 
Adjusted operating expenses ................................................................................................................................... 
(652,733) 
(788,084) 
 
Adjusted provision for impairment on loan and placement losses 
Definition: 
Loss allowance on loans and placements as per the financial statements modified 
by adjustments determined by management. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information of loss allowance on loans and placements on an 
adjusted basis, in order to enable better comparability of loss allowance on loans 
and placements of prior periods. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
Provision for impairment on loan and placement losses .......................................................................................... 
(27,721) 
(155,681) 
(+) Modification gains or losses .............................................................................................................................. 
(13,672) 
(39,997) 
(+) Change in the fair value attributable to changes in the credit risk of loans mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit of loss  .............................................................................................................................................. 
(16,289) 
13,346
(+) Loss allowance on securities at fair value through other comprehensive income and on securities at 
amortized cost.......................................................................................................................................................... 
(3,974) 
(60,775) 
(+) Provision for commitments and guarantees given .............................................................................................. 
(99) 
(6,145) 
(+) Impairment of assets subject to operating lease and of investment properties.................................................... 
438
(1,205)

--- Page 192 ---
181 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
(-) One-off impact of the CHF mortgage loan conversion programme and regulatory changes related to 
mortgage loans in Romania ..................................................................................................................................... 
339
138
(+) Netting of interest revenues on DPD90+ loans with the related provision (booked on the Provision for loan 
losses line) at OTP Core and CKB........................................................................................................................... 
1,131
5,335
(-) Effect of acquisitions .......................................................................................................................................... 
0
(3,493) 
(-) Structural correction between Provision for loan losses and Other provisions .................................................... 
(3,536) 
(61,979) 
(+) Presentation of the contribution from discontinued operation on the adjusted P&L lines .................................. 
0
0
(-) Expected one-off negative effect of the debt repayment moratorium in Hungary and Serbia ............................. 
(10,131) 
(4,816) 
(+) Structural adjustment due to the Gain from derecognition of financial assets at amortized cost line (against 
Provision for impairment on loan losses)  ................................................................................................................ 
854
3,473
(-) Shifting of provision for impairment on placement losses to the other provisions line from 1Q 2022 ................ 
0
(261) 
(-) Expected one-off effect of the extension of the interest rate cap for certain retail loans in Hungary .................. 
0
(36,005) 
Adjusted provision for impairment on loan and placement losses ............................................................................... 
(46,006) 
(135,231) 
Return On Equity (“ROE”) 
Definition: 
Profit after tax for the given period (annualised for periods less than one year) 
divided by average total equity. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on financial performance and profitability of 
the bank, compared to its average total equity. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
Profit after tax for the year .................................................................................................................................... 
456,428
347,081
Average total equity.............................................................................................................................................. 
2,686,983
3,160,119
ROE ......................................................................................................................................................................... 
17.0% 
11.0% 
 
Adjusted ROE 
Definition: 
Adjusted profit after tax for the given period (annualised for periods less than 
one year) divided by average total equity. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on financial performance and profitability of 
the OTP Group, compared to its average total equity. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted profit after tax for the year .................................................................................................................... 
496,902 
592,547
Average total equity............................................................................................................................................. 
2,686,983 
3,160,119
Adjusted ROE ......................................................................................................................................................... 
18.5 % 
18.8% 
 
Adjusted Return On Assets 
Definition: 
Adjusted profit after tax for the given period (annualised for periods less than one 
year) divided by average total assets. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on financial performance and profitability of the 
OTP Group, compared to its average total assets. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted profit after tax for the year ............................................................................................................... 
496,902 
592,547
Average total assets ........................................................................................................................................ 
25,194,346 
31,190,137
Adjusted ROA .................................................................................................................................................... 
1.97 % 
1.90%

--- Page 193 ---
182 
 
Total revenue margin 
Definition: 
Adjusted total income for the given period (annualised for periods less than one 
year) divided by average total assets. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on net revenue generation of assets and liabilities 
of the OTP Group. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted total income ..................................................................................................................................... 
1,313,124 
1,656,571
Average total assets ........................................................................................................................................ 
25,194,346 
31,190,137
Total revenue margin ......................................................................................................................................... 
5.21 % 
5.31% 
 
Net interest margin 
Definition: 
Adjusted net interest income for the given period (annualised for periods less than 
one year) divided by average total assets. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on net interest generation of assets and liabilities 
of the OTP Group. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted net interest income........................................................................................................................... 
884,012 
1,093,579
Average total assets ........................................................................................................................................ 
25,194,346 
31,190,137
Net interest margin ............................................................................................................................................. 
3.51 % 
3.51% 
 
Net fee and commission margin 
Definition: 
Adjusted net fee and commission income for the given period (annualised for 
periods less than one year) divided by average total assets. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on net fee and commission generation of assets and 
liabilities of the OTP Group. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted net profit from fees and commissions .............................................................................................. 
325,548 
397,118
Average total assets ........................................................................................................................................ 
25,194,346 
31,190,137
Net fee and commission margin  ........................................................................................................................ 
1.29 % 
1.27% 
 
Other income margin 
Definition: 
Adjusted other net non-interest income for the given period (annualised for periods 
less than one year) divided by average total assets. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on non-interest income generation of assets and 
liabilities of the OTP Group. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted other net non-interest income without one-offs ............................................................................... 
103,563 
165,874

--- Page 194 ---
183 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Average total assets ........................................................................................................................................ 
25,194,346 
31,190,137
Other income margin .......................................................................................................................................... 
0.41 % 
0.53% 
 
Cost-to-asset ratio 
Definition: 
Adjusted operating expenses for the given period (annualised for periods less than 
one year) divided by average total assets. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on operating efficiency of the OTP Group. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted operating expenses .......................................................................................................................... 
(652,733 ) 
(788,084) 
Average total assets ........................................................................................................................................ 
25,194,346 
31,190,137
Cost-to-asset ratio .............................................................................................................................................. 
2.59 % 
2.53% 
 
Cost-to-income ratio 
Definition: 
Adjusted operating expenses divided by Adjusted total income. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on operating efficiency of the OTP Group. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted operating expenses .......................................................................................................................... 
(652,733 ) 
(788,084) 
Adjusted total income ..................................................................................................................................... 
1,313,124 
1,656,571
Cost-to-income ratio........................................................................................................................................... 
49.7 % 
47.6% 
 
Risk cost rate 
Definition: 
Absolute value of adjusted provision for impairment on loan and placement losses 
for the given period (annualised for periods less than one year) divided by average 
gross loans. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on level of loss allowances compared to the size of 
the portfolio. 
 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Adjusted provision for impairment on loan and placement losses .................................................................. 
(46,006 ) 
(135,231) 
Average gross loans ........................................................................................................................................ 
15,132,360 
18,639,433
Risk cost rate ...................................................................................................................................................... 
0.30 % 
0.73% 
 
Stage 3 ratio 
Definition: 
Stage 3 loans gross amount under IFRS 9 divided by total gross loans less accrued 
interest receivables related to Stage 3 loans. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on the loan portfolio quality. 
Reconciliation table:

--- Page 195 ---
184 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Stage 3 loans gross amount ............................................................................................................................. 
877,951 
969,169
Gross customer loans (adjusted) ..................................................................................................................... 
16,634,454 
19,643,558
Stage 3 ratio ....................................................................................................................................................... 
5.3 % 
4.9% 
 
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans 
Definition: 
Loss allowance on Stage 3 loans divided by Stage 3 loans gross amount. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on the loan portfolio and its provisioning. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Loss allowance on Stage 3 loans ..................................................................................................................... 
(530,772 ) 
(591,656) 
Stage 3 loans gross amount .............................................................................................................................. 
877,951 
969,169
Own coverage of Stage 3 loans ........................................................................................................................... 
60.5 % 
61.0% 
 
DPD90+ ratio 
Definition: 
Gross amount of loans overdue more than 90 days divided by total gross amount of 
loans less accrued interest receivables related to DPD90+ loans. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on the loan portfolio.  
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Gross amount of loans overdue more than 90 days ......................................................................................... 
535,445 
601,268
Gross customer loans (adjusted) ..................................................................................................................... 
16,634,454 
19,643,558
DPD90+ ratio ..................................................................................................................................................... 
3.2 % 
3.1% 
 
DPD90+ coverage 
Definition: 
Total amount of allowances for loan losses as per the financial statements less 
allocated provision on accrued interest receivables related to DPD90+ loans divided 
by the gross amount of loans overdue more than 90 days. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on the loan portfolio and its provisioning. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021
2022
Allowances for loan losses .............................................................................................................................  
(926,547) 
(1,049,663) 
(-) Allocated provision on accrued interest receivables related to DPD90+ loans...........................................  
(36,015) 
(46,730) 
Allowances for loan losses (adjusted) .............................................................................................................  
(890,532) 
(1,002,933) 
Gross amount of loans overdue more than 90 days .........................................................................................  
535,445
601,268
DPD90+ coverage ..............................................................................................................................................  
166.3% 
166.8% 
 
Gross customer loans (adjusted) 
Definition: 
Gross customer loans including finance lease receivables and accrued interest 
receivables related to loans less accrued interest receivables related to Stage 3 loans 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on the the loan portfolio. 
Reconciliation table:

--- Page 196 ---
185 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Gross customer loans (incl. loans at amortized cost and loans mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss) (incl. accrued interest receivables related to loans) ................................................................................ 
15,457,838 
18,338,404
Gross finance lease receivables....................................................................................................................... 
1,212,631 
1,351,883
Gross customer loans (incl. finance lease receivables and accrued interest receivables related to loans) ........... 
16,670,469 
19,690,287
(-) Accrued interest receivables related to DPD90+ / Stage 3 loans ................................................................ 
36,015 
46,730
Gross customer loans (adjusted) ......................................................................................................................... 
16,634,454 
19,643,558
 
Net customer loans (adjusted) 
Definition: 
Gross customer loans including finance lease receivables and accrued interest 
receivables related to loans less allowance for loan losses 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on the proportion of loans and deposits. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Gross customer loans (adjusted) ..................................................................................................................... 
16,634,454 
19,643,558
(+) Allowances for loan losses (incl. impairment of finance lease receivables)  ............................................. 
(926,547 ) 
(1,049,663) 
(-) Allocated provision on accrued interest receivables related to DPD90+ / Stage 3 loans ............................ 
(36,015 ) 
(46,730) 
Net customer loans (adjusted)  ........................................................................................................................... 
15,743,922 
18,640,624
 
 
Net loan-to-deposit ratio 
Definition: 
Gross customer loans less allowance for loan losses divided by total customer 
deposits without accrued interest liabilities on deposits from customers. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on the proportion of loans and deposits. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Net customer loans (adjusted)  ........................................................................................................................ 
15,743,922 
18,640,624
Deposits from customers (adjusted) ................................................................................................................ 
21,068,644 
25,188,805
Net loan-to-deposit ratio ..................................................................................................................................... 
75 % 
74% 
 
 
 
Net loans to deposits including retail bonds ratio 
Definition: 
Gross customer loans less allowance for loan losses divided by the sum of total 
customer deposits without accrued interest liabilities on deposits from customers 
and retail bonds. 
Explanation: 
Provides additional information on the proportion of loans and deposits. 
Reconciliation table: 
 
 
OTP Group 
2021 
2022
Net customer loans (adjusted)  ........................................................................................................................ 
15,743,922 
18,640,624
Deposits from customers (adjusted)  ............................................................................................................... 
21,068,644 
25,188,805
Retail bonds .................................................................................................................................................... 
0 
35,766
Net loans to deposit including retail bonds ratio ................................................................................................ 
75 % 
74%

--- Page 197 ---
186 
Capital management 
The primary objective of the capital management of the OTP Group is to ensure prudent operations, to comply 
with the requirements of the regulator and to maximise shareholder value, accompanied by an optimal financing 
structure. The capital management of the members of the OTP Group includes the management and evaluation 
of shareholders’ equity available for hedging risks, other types of funds to be recorded in the equity and all 
material risks to be covered by the capital. 
The basis of the capital management of the OTP Group members in the short term is the continuous monitoring 
of their objective capital positions and strategic business planning, which includes monitoring of their capital 
position. The OTP Group members maintain capital adequacy as required by their respective regulatory bodies 
and any planned risk-taking is carried out on the basis of ensuring and developing their profitability. If the 
planned risk level of an OTP Group member exceeds its core and the previously raised supplementary capital, 
it ensures the prudent operation by occasional measures. The Issuer also effects capital management through its 
dividend policy, and transactions performed with treasury shares. 
The OTP Group uses the standard method for determining regulatory capital requirements with respect to credit 
risk and market risk. 
Since 31 December 2012, the OTP Group has been following the principle of “partial use” in calculating the 
consolidated capital requirement for operational risks based on the Advanced Measurement Approach (“AMA”) 
methodology. The consolidated capital requirement for operational risks is calculated based on the AMA model 
approved by the MNB. The following subsidiaries are currently covered by the AMA: the Issuer, OTP Mortgage 
Bank Ltd., OTP Building Society Ltd., OTP Factoring Ltd., Merkantil, OTP Bank Ukraine, OTP Bank Russia, 
DSK, OBSr and CKB. The consolidated capital requirement for operational risks is the sum of the AMA capital 
requirement and the Basic Indicator Approach capital requirement calculated by those subsidiaries that do not 
fall under the AMA. The stand-alone capital requirement for operational risks in respect of the Issuer and the 
subsidiaries covered by the AMA scope is allocated from the consolidated AMA capital requirement for 
operational risks. The OTP Group has a different type of insurance which aims to mitigate operational risk 
losses, but any AMA-compliance insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms are not applied in order to reduce 
the capital requirement for operational risk. 
Regulatory capital and capital ratios 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD IV") 
and CRR transpose the global standards on banking regulations into the EU legal framework. The OTP Group 
complied with its regulatory capital requirements throughout 2020 and 2021. 
For international comparison purposes, the OTP Group calculated its regulatory capital based on IFRS data as 
adopted by the EU, and its consolidated capital adequacy ratio based on this in accordance with the regulations 
of Basel III. 
The composition of consolidated regulatory capital and the capital ratios of the Issuer according to Basel III 
regulation implementation, based on IFRS financials and accounting scope of consolidation, are as follows: 
Calculation on IFRS basis 
2015
2016 
2017
2018(1)
2019(1)
2020(1) 
2021
2022 
Capital adequacy ratio (%) .................... 
16.2% 
16.0 % 
14.6% 
18.3% 
16.8% 
17.7% 
19.1% 
17.5 % 
Tier 1 ratio (%) ..................................... 
13.3% 
13.5 % 
12.7% 
16.5% 
14.4% 
15.4% 
17.5% 
16.1 % 
CET 1 ratio (%) .................................... 
13.3% 
13.5 % 
12.7% 
16.5% 
14.4% 
15.4% 
17.5% 
16.1 %

--- Page 198 ---
187 
Calculation on IFRS basis 
2015
2016 
2017
2018(1)
2019(1)
2020(1) 
2021
2022 
Capital adequacy ratio - including non-eligible 
profit less dividend (%) ......................... 
16.4% 
18.2 % 
17.3% 
18.3% 
16.8% 
17.7% 
19.1% 
17.5 % 
CET1 ratio - including non-eligible profit less 
dividend (%) ......................................... 
13.5% 
15.8 % 
15.3% 
16.5% 
14.4% 
15.4% 
17.5% 
16.1 % 
 
 
(in HUF billion) 
 
Own funds ............................................ 
1,064
1,079 
1,229
 1,732
 2,391
2,670
3,192
3,566 
Tier 1 capital ......................................... 
873
911 
1,063
 1,565
 2,055
2,316
2,927
3,278 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital .............. 
873
911 
1,063
1,565
2,055
2,316
2,927
3,278 
Additional Tier 1 capital ....................... 
0
0 
0
0
0
0
0
0 
Tier 2 .................................................... 
191
168 
166
167
336
354
265
288 
Consolidated Risk Weighted Assets ..... 
6,576
6,730 
8,390
9,489
14,262
15,047
16,691
20,405 
Consolidated Risk Weighted Assets/Total Assets
.............................................................. 
62% 
60 % 
64% 
65% 
71% 
64% 
61% 
62 % 
 
Note: 
 
1) 
For 2018, the reported CET1 capital (and thus the Tier 1 Capital, as well as the Own funds, together with the ratios calculated therefrom) 
contain the profit for the period decreased by the dividend paid for that year. For 2019, the CET1 capital (and thus the Tier 1 Capital, as well 
as the Own funds, together with the ratios calculated therefrom) are calculated with HUF 0 dividend payment to reflect the original request 
of the Financial Stability Council of the MNB to banks and their shareholders (dated 18 March 2020) to hold off on the approval and payment 
of any dividend until the end of September 2020. In its circular of 8 January 2021, the MNB instructed Hungarian credit institutions to 
refrain from paying dividends or making irrevocable commitments to pay dividends until 30 September 2021. For 2020, however, the CET1 
capital (and thus the Tier 1 Capital, as well as the Own funds, together with the ratios calculated therefrom) are calculated with HUF 119 
billion dividend payment, which is equal to the amount the management would have proposed to the AGM if the MNB had not restricted 
dividend payment until 30 September 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio under IFRS (including the 
eligible net result) was 17.5 per cent. In 2022, this ratio decreased in total by 1.5 percentage points, out of which 
0.9 percentage points decrease was due to the changes in risk weighted assets resulting from changes in foreign 
exchange rates, 0.9 percentage points increase was due to the changes in CET1 resulting from changes in foreign 
exchange rates, 2.0 percentage points decrease was due to the changes in risk weighted assets resulting from 
organic growth, 0.4 percentage points decrease was due to regulatory impact (including a change of the 
transition rate of IFRS 9 transitional adjustment and of transitional adjustment due to the unrealised gains/loss 
on sovereign exposure), 2.1 percentage points increase was due to eligible interim profit and a 1.1 percentage 
points decrease was due to other effects. The amount of transitional adjustments within regulatory capital was 
HUF 273.3 billion at 31 December 2022. 
In 4Q 2022, the CET1 ratio based on IFRS financials and accounting scope of consolidation was stable quarter-
on-quarter. The quarterly decrease in the ratio is due to the combined effect of the HUF 248 billion decrease in 
CET1 capital (numerator) and the HUF 1,092 billion decrease of RWA (denominator). The main items 
contributing to the CET1 capital decrease were the HUF 59 billion positive impact of the quarterly eligible 
profit; the HUF 265 billion negative effect of FX fluctuations, HUF 20 billion mark to market positive impact 
on financial instruments held under available-for-sale, HUF 52 billion negative impact due to transitional effects 
and HUF 10 billion negative impact due to higher deductions. 
The main items contributing to the quarterly RWA decrease: HUF 96 billion positive effect of organic growth; 
HUF 1,173 billion negative effect of changes in foreign exchange rates and HUF 15 billion negative impact due 
to increase in non-credit risk RWA.

--- Page 199 ---
188 
At the end of 2021, the capital adequacy ratio of the OTP Group under CRR was 19.4 per cent. which includes 
eligible profit. The CET1 ratio as at the end of 2020 calculated on the same basis was 17.8 per cent.17 At the 
end of 2022, the capital adequacy ratio of the OTP Group under CRR was 17.8 per cent., while the CET1 ratio 
was 16.4 per cent., both of which include eligible profit.  
The slight difference between the capital ratios based on IFRS financials and accounting scope of consolidation, 
and the capital ratios calculated under CRR, is due to the different scope of consolidation, as disclosed by the 
Issuer in the Disclosure by Institutions in line with the Credit Institutions Act and CRR II, the so-called Pillar 
III report. 
The OTP Group consolidated regulatory capital requirements are measured against the capital levels calculated 
on the scope of consolidation according to CRR. 
The leverage ratio under CRR was 10.1 per cent. in 2021 and 9.5 per cent. in 2022. 
Capital requirements 
Following the group-wide Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”), the MNB imposed the below 
additional capital requirements for the OTP Group on a consolidated level, effective from 1 January 2023: 
1.13 per cent.-points in case of the CET1 capital, accordingly the minimum requirement for the 
consolidated CET1 ratio is 5.63 per cent. (without regulatory capital buffers); 
1.50 per cent.-points in case of the Tier 1 capital, accordingly the minimum requirement for the 
consolidated Tier 1 ratio is 7.50 per cent. (without regulatory capital buffers); and 
2.00 per cent.-points in case of the Total SREP Capital Requirement, accordingly the minimum 
requirement for the consolidated capital adequacy ratio is 10.00 per cent. (without regulatory capital 
buffers). 
Since the OTP Group does not have any AT1 capital instruments at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Tier 1 
capital minimum requirement level applies to CET1 as well. Pillar 2 requirements can be met proportionally 
with CET1, Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, so the Pillar 2 requirement is composed of minimum 56 per cent. CET1, 
minimum 75 per cent. Tier 1 and maximum 25 per cent. Tier 2. The SREP rate (the sum of Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 
requirements divided by the Pillar 1 requirement) on the OTP Group is calculated to be 125 per cent from 1 
March 2022. 
The overall capital requirement for year end 2022 also included the 3.2 per cent. combined capital buffer 
requirements which was met by CET1. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, in Hungary the capital 
conservation buffer (“CCB”) is 2.5 per cent., the systemic risk buffer is 0 per cent., the other systemically 
important institutions (“O-SII”) buffer is 1 per cent. and the countercyclical buffer (“CCyB”) is 0 per cent. The 
O-SII buffer was 0.5 per cent. at year end 2022 and is expected to be set at 2 per cent. in 2024 for the Issuer. 
The MNB will modify the amount of the final buffer rates if material future changes in the systemic importance 
of the Issuer necessitate adjustments during the annual revisions. 
In the course of 2023, the consolidated institution specific CCyB requirements are expected to increase further 
for the following reasons: (i) in Bulgaria the local relevant buffer requirement effective from 1 January 2023 
has increased to 1.5 per cent. and is expected to further increase to 2.0 per cent. from 1 October 2023, (ii) in 
Croatia this requirement has been increased to 0.5 per cent. from 31 March 2023 and will be increased to 1 per 
cent. from 31 December 2023, (iii) in Hungary this requirement will be increased to 0.5 per cent. from 1 July 
2023, (iv) in Romania this requirement will be increased to 1 per cent. from 23 October 2023 and (v) in Slovenia 
                                                          
17  For prudential reasons, in 2020, the expected dividend amount is deducted from the presented regulatory capital in accordance with the regulation (EU) 
No 241/2014.

--- Page 200 ---
189 
this requirement will be increased to 1 per cent. from 31 December 2023. Once all these changes have taken 
effect, the CCyB requirement on a consolidated level is expected to be 0.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2023. 
In line with CRR II, the OTP Group considers 3 per cent. to be its minimum level of leverage ratio.  
Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities 
The Resolution College has revised the MREL requirement of the Issuer. The consolidated MREL requirement 
of the Issuer at the level of its resolution group has to be met by 1 January 2024 following a one-year transitional 
period. The MREL requirement is determined at 19.12 per cent. of the OTP Group’s RWA and 5.74 per cent. of 
the OTP Group’s TEM. Pursuant to CRD V, the Issuer has to meet the combined buffer requirement in addition 
to the TREA-based MREL requirement on 1 January 2024 as institutions shall not use CET1 capital that is 
maintained to meet the combined buffer requirement, to meet the risk-based component of the MREL 
requirement. The MREL requirement is to be reviewed at least once a year by the Resolution College. 
In line with BRRD II, the MNB determined a mandatory intermediate target for the MREL requirement that the 
Issuer has to comply with from 1 January 2022. The intermediate target level for the MREL requirement was 
determined as 14.45 per cent. of the OTP Group’s TREA and 5.89 per cent. of the OTP Group’s TEM. 
The MNB informed the Issuer that subordination requirements will also be applicable to the Issuer. The 
minimum level of subordination for the Issuer will be 13.5 per cent. of TREA, 5 per cent. of TEM and 8 per 
cent. of TLOF. Subordination requirements shall be met from 16 December 2024 by using own funds and 
subordinated eligible liabilities. 
The preferred resolution strategy set by the Resolution College presumes the continuous operation with an 
“open bank bail-in at parent level” approach, the Issuer’s preferred resolution strategy is a Single Point of Entry 
(“SPE”) strategy.

--- Page 201 ---
190 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Risk Strategy of the OTP Group defines the risk related vision, mission and values of the OTP Group and 
sets out the main principles of risk management for all major risk types (credit, country and counterparty, 
operational, market, liquidity, interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) and capital risks). The Risk 
Strategy also includes initiatives related to the improvement of the risk management framework in the 
forthcoming years. The Risk Appetite Statement constitutes part of the Risk Strategy which defines the risk 
tolerance and risk assumption principles for all major risk categories.  
The Risk Strategy and the Risk Appetite Statement were approved by the Board of Directors on 7 December 
2022 and they are both revised annually. 
OTP Factoring Ltd. was established in 1998 in Hungary. The Issuer’s management believes that OTP Factoring 
Ltd. is one of the largest debt management companies in Hungary. As of date of this Base Prospectus, the OTP 
Group’s new collection strategy (2023-2025) is under elaboration. The collection strategy has been discussed 
and approved by the Issuer’s Management Committee (the "Management Committee") in 1Q 2023. 
The main focus of the new collection strategy is to maximise the efficiency of the debt management activity of 
the OTP Group and to provide digital (where possible) solutions adapted to the costumer’s life circumstances 
in order to prevent them from default. Debt management is operated as a professional Center of Excellence by 
an organisation independent of business and risk units at the level of the entire OTP Group. In this way, the 
organisational separation of good and bad loans within the bank is achieved, taking into consideration the local 
size of the operation.  
Rather than selling non-performing assets at distressed prices on a large scale, the OTP Group decided to 
manage non-performing clients itself which, in the long term, has created value to the OTP Group. Especially 
in recent years this approach has resulted in potentially higher non-performing loan ("NPL") levels as compared 
to its competitors who have taken the approach of selling non-performing loans on a large scale. Though 
primary objective of the OTP Group is to reduce the NPL portfolio (mostly with recovery but also with cleaning 
the “low-hope” portfolio via write-off or debt sale) and keep the NPL ratio stable. Nevertheless, the OTP Group 
believes that investing in in-house or intra-group collection capabilities results in value creation for its 
shareholders. 
Credit risk 
The OTP Group has a credit risk exposure in the event that a counterparty is unable to pay amounts in full when 
due. The OTP Group structures the levels of credit risk it undertakes by placing limits on the amount of risk 
accepted in relation to one borrower, or banks of borrowers, and to geographical areas and loan types. Such 
risks are monitored on a periodic basis and subject to an annual or more frequent review. The exposure to any 
particular borrower, including banks and brokers, is further restricted by limits in relation to on-balance sheet 
and off-balance sheet exposures and by daily delivery risk limits in relation to trading items such as forward 
foreign exchange contracts. Actual exposures against limits are monitored daily. 
Exposure to credit risk is managed through regular analysis of the ability of borrowers and potential borrowers 
to meet interest and principal repayment obligations and by changing these lending limits when appropriate. 
Exposure to credit risk is managed by obtaining collateral, corporate and personal guarantees. 
Credit risk classification 
Before the introduction of IFRS 9 in 1 January 2018, the OTP Group classified risk into days-past-due (“DPD”) 
categories. The OTP Group presented the non-performing loan portfolio as loans where there was an overdue 
payment of more than 90 days. When determining the impairment, other information available to the OTP 
Group was also taken into consideration beyond just the delay of payment. When the OTP Group determined

--- Page 202 ---
191 
the results of the respective year, foreseeable risks and expected losses were also considered. Impairments and 
provisions were accounted for notwithstanding whether the result recognised in the respective year was a gain 
or loss. When calculating the impairment of the loans, the OTP Group applied the requirement of IFRS and the 
principles defined in the impairment policy of the OTP Group. 
According to the requirements of the IFRS 9 standard (effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2018), the OTP Group currently classifies the financial assets measured at their amortised cost, at fair 
value through other comprehensive income and loan commitments and financial guarantees into the following 
stages: 
 
Stage 1 – performing assets without significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition; 
 
Stage 2 – performing financial assets with significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but 
not credit-impaired; 
 
Stage 3 – non-performing, credit-impaired assets; and 
 
POCI – purchased or originated credit impaired. 
In the case of trade receivables, the OTP Group applies the simplified approach and calculates only the lifetime 
expected credit loss. The simplified approach is the following: 
 
for the past 3 years the average annual balance of receivables under the simplified approach is calculated,  
 
the written-off receivables under the simplified approach are determined in the past 3 years, 
 
historical losses are adjusted to reflect information about current conditions and reasonable forecasts of 
future economic conditions, 
 
the loss allowance ratio will be the sum of the written-off amounts divided by the sum of the average 
balances, 
 
the loss allowance is multiplied by the end-of-year balance and it will be the actual loss allowance on 
these receivables, 
 
loss allowance should be recalculated annually. 
The OTP Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial 
recognition if the financial asset is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. This might occur if 
the financial asset has a low risk of default, the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow 
obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, 
but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The 
OTP Group considers sovereign exposures as having low credit risk. 
Stage 1: financial assets for which the events and conditions specified in respect of Stage 2 and Stage 3 do not 
exist on the reporting date. 
A client or loan must be qualified as in default if one or both of the following conditions occur:  
 
The client delays payment for more than 90 days. This is considered a hard trigger. 
 
There is reasonable probability that the client will not satisfy all of its payment obligations. This 
condition is examined on the basis of probability criteria of default. 
Default qualification is applicable to those exposures (on-balance and off-balance) that originate credit risk (so 
originated from loan commitments, risk-taking contracts).

--- Page 203 ---
192 
A financial instrument shows significant increase in credit risk, and is allocated to Stage 2, if in respect of it 
any of the following triggers exist on the reporting date, without fulfilling any of the conditions for the allocation 
to the non-performing stage (Stage 3): 
 
the payment delay exceeds 30 days; 
 
it has been classified as performing forborne; 
 
based on an individual decision, its currency suffered a significant “shock” since the disbursement of 
the loan; 
 
the transaction/client rating exceeds a predefined value or falls into a determined range, or compared to 
the historic value it deteriorates to a predefined degree; 
 
in the case of retail mortgage loans, the loan-to-value ratio exceeds a predefined rate; 
 
default on another loan of the retail customer, if no cross-default exists; 
 
monitoring classification of corporate and municipal clients above different thresholds defined at OTP 
Group level: 
 
financial difficulties at the debtor (capital adequacy, liquidity, deterioration of the instrument 
quality); 
 
significant decrease of the liquidity or the activity on the active market of the financial instrument 
can be observed; 
 
the rating of the customer reflects high risk but is better than a default rating; 
 
a significant decrease in the value of the recovery from which the debtor would disburse the loan; 
and 
 
clients under liquidation. 
A financial asset is non-performing and it is allocated to Stage 3 when any of the following conditions exists 
on the reporting date: 
 
defaulted (based on the OTP Group level default definition); 
 
it is classified as non-performing forborne (based on the OTP Group level forborne definition); 
 
the monitoring classification of corporate and municipal customers above different thresholds defined 
at OTP Group level (including but not limited to): 
 
breaches of contracts; 
 
significant financial difficulties of the debtor (such as capital adequacy, liquidity, deterioration of 
the instrument quality); 
 
bankruptcy, liquidation, debt settlement processes against the debtor; 
 
forced strike-off is commenced against the debtor; 
 
termination of a loan contract by the Issuer; 
 
occurrence of a fraud event; and 
 
termination of the active market of the financial asset.

--- Page 204 ---
193 
If the exposure is no longer considered as credit impaired, the OTP Group will allocate the exposure to Stage 
2. 
When loss allowance is calculated in respect of exposures categorised into stages the following process is 
followed by stages: 
 
Stage 1 (performing): loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit loss is recognised; 
 
Stage 2 (significant increase in credit risk): loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit 
loss is recognised; and 
 
Stage 3 (non-performing): loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit loss is 
recognised. 
For lifetime expected credit losses, an entity must estimate the risk of a default occurring on the financial asset 
during its expected life. 12-month expected credit losses are a portion of the lifetime expected credit losses and 
represent the lifetime cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs in the 12 months after the reporting date 
(or a shorter period if the expected life of a financial instrument is less than 12 months), weighted by the 
probability of that default occurring. 
An entity must measure expected credit losses of a financial asset in a way that reflects: 
 
an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible 
outcomes; 
 
the time value of money; and 
 
reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting 
date regarding past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
The following table sets out the main risk indicators of the OTP Group:  
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
 2022
Risk cost rate (Provision for impairment on loan and 
placement losses (adjusted)/Average gross customer 
loans)..............................................................................  
1.14% 
0.43% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
1.15% 
0.30% 
0.73% 
90+ DPD loan volume (in HUF billion) .........................  
976
707
551
541
544
535
601
90+ DPD loans/Gross customer loans ............................  
14.7% 
9.2%
6.3% 
4.2% 
3.8% 
3.2% 
3.1% 
Total provision/90+ DPD loans ......................................  
96.8% 
99.3% 
118.4% 
128.3% 
153.5% 
166.3% 
166.8% 
 
2019
2020
2021
2022
Consolidated Stage 1 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans (%) .........................  
88.8% 
80.4% 
81.5% 
83.4% 
Consolidated Stage 2 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans (%) .........................  
5.3% 
13.9% 
13.2% 
11.6% 
Own coverage of consolidated Stage 1 + Stage 2 loans under IFRS 9 (%) ................  
1.6% 
2.4% 
2.3% 
2.2% 
Own coverage of consolidated Stage 1 + Stage 2 loans without OBRu and OBU 
under IFRS 9 (%) .......................................................................................................  
-
-
-
1.8% 
Consolidated Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9/gross customer loans (%) .........................  
5.9% 
5.7% 
5.3% 
4.9% 
Own coverage of consolidated Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9 (%) ................................  
65.2% 
62.3% 
60.5% 
61.0% 
Own coverage of consolidated Stage 3 loans without OBRu and OBU under IFRS 9 
(%) .............................................................................................................................  
-
-
-
53.9%

--- Page 205 ---
194 
Asset liability management 
Liquidity position 
The primary objective of the OTP Group in terms of asset-liability management is to ensure that the OTP 
Group’s liquidity is maintained at a safe level.  
Refinancing sources of the European Central Bank are still available to the OTP Group (the ECB repo eligible 
security portfolio at Group level exceeded EUR 1.8 billion).  
Total liquidity reserves of the OTP Group remained steadily and substantially above the required level. As of 
31 December 2022, the net liquidity buffer (HQLA-Net Outflows) was around EUR 7.8 billion equivalent.  
As of 31 December 2022, the OTP Group consolidated liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) was 172 per cent. while 
NSFR compliance has remained comfortable at 137 per cent. 
The following table sets out the key liquidity risk indicators and their limits as of the end of 2017, 2018, 
2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022: 
Requirement
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Net stable funding ratio ....................... 
at least 100% 
145% 
144% 
125% 
139% 
139% 
137% 
Liquidity coverage ratio ...................... 
at least 100% 
208% 
207% 
169% 
214% 
180% 
172% 
Net loan to deposit ratio ...................... 
—
68% 
72% 
79% 
76% 
75% 
74% 
Interest rate risk 
Due to the liabilities on the Issuer’s balance sheet, which respond to yield changes to a moderate extent, the 
Issuer has an interest-rate risk exposure resulting from its business operations. The Issuer considers the 
reduction and closing of this exposure as a strategic matter.  
Although the volume of variable interest rate assets decreased as a result of the interest rate cap measures 
introduced last year, they are still significant at group level (EUR, BGN and HUF) and quickly follow the rise 
in money market interest rates: the loans get repriced typically in 3 months, the interest rate swaps (IRS) in 6 
months, and other liquid assets within 1-3 months. On the deposit side the repricing is not automatic, its extent 
and speed depends on the level of interest rates and the liquidity position of the Issuer. 
The already manifested HUF and EUR rate and yield increases in 2022 exerted a slightly positive effect on the 
net interest income. 
Market risk exposure of the OTP Group 
The consolidated capital requirement of the trading book positions, the counterparty risk exposure and the 
foreign exchange risk exposure represented HUF 51 billion in total. 
The OTP Group is an active participant in the international foreign exchange and derivative markets. Open 
foreign exchange positions of group members are restricted to individual and global net open position limits 
(overnight and intraday), and to stop-loss limits. The open positions of the OTP Group outside Hungary, except 
for the Bulgarian DSK (the EUR/BGN exposure of DSK under the current exchange rate regime does not 
represent real risk), were negligible in comparison with either the balance sheet total or the regulatory capital. 
Therefore, the group-level foreign exchange risk exposure was concentrated at the Issuer. 
Operational risk management 
Operational risk refers to the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events, and includes legal risk. In many respects, operational risks are very diverse 
and different from conventional banking risks. Effective operational risk management requires participation

--- Page 206 ---
195 
and commitment of the entire organisation, and support from management is crucial in order to mobilise and 
involve the employees who are responsible for operational risk. As a result of strong management support, the 
OTP Group has a well-designed and trained internal expert network. The OTP Group places great importance 
on the training of this internal expert network. 
The most important fundamental principles which the OTP Group follows with respect to operational risk 
management are summarised below: 
 
in order for operational risks to be adequately managed, a standardised, easily understood, and robust 
framework system must be put in place at OTP Group level, covering the definition of operational risks 
and the methods of identification, measurement, monitoring, management and mitigation of such 
operational risks; 
 
the operational risk management system must cover all risks inherent in the activities of the OTP Group, 
an operational risk toolset must be developed and updated according to changes and internal and external 
expectations; 
 
the review of this framework needs to be established and conducted; 
 
strong support of people within the OTP Group dealing with operational risk management; 
 
the Issuer’s management body and the Operational Risk Committee must be informed on a regular basis 
of the prevailing operational risk exposure of the OTP Group and any potential and incurred losses 
arising from operational risks; 
 
the OTP Group strives for a high level of risk-awareness and must articulate its operational risk appetite; 
 
the OTP Group must have guidelines, processes and procedures to mitigate operational risks, both for 
the Issuer and for the subsidiaries as well; and 
 
independent operational risk management activities must be fully integrated into the OTP Group’s risk 
management activities and its general management information system. 
Due to the changing operational environment, including technological developments, and the ever increasing 
need to meet the challenges of the digital era, there are increased operational risks and reputational risks. The 
OTP Group maintains a comprehensive cyber-security programme with the necessary defence systems and 
solutions. The OTP Group is a prime target in terms of phishing attacks and partially DOS/DDOS attacks. The 
members of the OTP Group have the necessary capability to deal with these threats by contracting with relevant 
third-party providers and utilising IT solutions, and organising periodical trainings for our employees and 
publishing awareness information on our website, while also complying with the regulations of the EU and 
Hungarian authorities.  
The relevant department of the Issuer annually conducts a phishing campaign to raise awareness. In order to 
comply with regulatory recommendations, the OTP Group has created a role-based cyber security awareness 
training, which is also available to the subsidiaries. The OTP Group has also introduced group-wide security 
solutions which enables faster deployment within the subsidiaries and more seamless daily operations. 
Knowledge sharing is also important and therefore a rotation programme has been initiated within the OTP 
Group, during which employees of the Issuer’s subsidiaries will be able to visit the Issuer’s relevant departments 
to have an insight into how processes work at the Issuer level. This option will also be available for the Issuer’s 
employees. In 2022 OTP Group has signed a contract with Bluevoyant, a cybersecurity company which assists 
in assessing the security risks of its suppliers and enhances its brand protection capabilities. Additionally, it also 
gave its subsidiaries the option to use this service for their own suppliers from 2023 to boost the OTP Group's 
resilience. With the entry into force of the EU’s DORA regulation, the OTP Group has initiated a tender process

--- Page 207 ---
196 
to be able to meet the requirements of this regulation. At the end of 2022, the OTP Group has contracted a 
supplier for a group wide penetration test that covers all the foreign subsidiaries of OTP Group. This test is still 
in progress at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The OTP Group has a major focus on money-laundering prevention and compliance with sanction regimes in 
order to manage reputational, legal and financial risks stemming from compliance failure. The top priority for 
the OTP Group has been building strong internal controls, policies and systems, and a sound risk culture. 
The OTP Group’s insurance coverage is also used to manage operational risk. Members of the OTP Group have 
the following insurance cover: 
 
property damage insurance; 
 
liability insurance; and 
 
motor insurance, 
in the form of local policies concluded individually by each member of the OTP Group. 
As most insurance is managed locally, a group-level insurance framework has not been implemented. Members 
of the OTP Group are allowed to purchase additional local insurance cover. Insurance policies are renewed 
regularly. There is no current plan to terminate any of the existing insurance coverage. Current insurance 
policies are believed by the Issuer’s management to be appropriate based on prevailing regulations and 
management decisions. There is no indication that insurance will not be available to the OTP Group on 
commercially reasonable terms. 
To comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”), the 
Issuer aims to establish the same privacy standards throughout the OTP Group in Hungary and in other EU 
member states as well. The Issuer follows and takes into account the guidelines and opinions of the competent 
data protection authorities in order to comply with privacy requirements. All documents such as general terms 
and conditions and privacy notices and procedures are in line with the GDPR and the applicable national laws. 
A register of data protection activities was established and is kept up-to-date. Personal data breaches are 
recorded and classified concerning the risk they have to the rights of data subjects. A register of employees 
responsible for GDPR compliance ensures that from the planning phase of a new service or product, the 
principles of data protection and privacy requirements are taken into account. Employees of the OTP Group 
receive privacy training on a yearly basis to increase awareness of the OTP Group’s responsibilities under the 
GDPR. 
Compliance policies (Sanctions and sensitive transactions) 
The Issuer and the Issuer’s subsidiaries which are subsidiary banks, credit institutions, investment firms, 
financial institutions, or financial undertakings (together referred in this paragraph as “the OTP Banking 
Group”) enforce a sanctions policy which is designed to ensure compliance with economic, financial and trade 
sanctions laws and regulations and embargo provisions of the European Union, the United Nations and the 
United States as well as other sanctions laws and regulations, in each case as applicable to the OTP Banking 
Group.  
The sanctions programme of OTP Banking Group sets out the minimum standards that the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries must comply with to meet the applicable sanctions requirements including the following standards 
and procedures.  
 
Screening customers and transactions against the sanctions lists issued by the European Union, the 
United Nations, the United States and the local regulatory sanctions lists (as applicable) including the 
jurisdictions in which the Issuer or its subsidiaries operate.

--- Page 208 ---
197 
 
Prohibiting or restricting business activities, the provision of financial and investment products or 
services or the facilitation of transactions that may violate the applicable sanctions laws. Prohibitions 
aim also to prevent transaction and business conduct that has the purpose of evading or avoiding directly 
or indirectly any applicable sanctions.  
 
OTP Banking Group may in its sole discretion refuse to provide financial and investment products or 
services or facilitate transactions even where permitted by applicable sanctions laws and regulations 
where these activities fall outside of OTP Banking Group’s risk appetite. 
In addition to the above, OTP Banking Group has compliance policies in place relating to sensitive transactions 
and/or clients from sensitive industries, including but not limited to dual-used technology, nuclear energy, 
extractive industries and gambling. 
In respect of transactions related to the defence industry, OTP Banking Group applies additional controls in 
compliance with relevant embargo regulations and binding national legal provisions with additional verification 
requirements for financing agreements in connection with the defence industry. 
Anti-Corruption policy 
OTP Group is committed to combatting corruption, and declared zero tolerance towards all forms of bribery 
and gaining of unfair advantages. The provisions of OTP Group’s Anti-Corruption Policy have been formulated 
in accordance with applicable Hungarian, European Union and international legislation and the Anti-Corruption 
Guidance of the Wolfsberg Group.18 
In the course of and in connection with the OTP Group’s activities, all staff members and any other contractual 
partners of the OTP Group members are strictly prohibited from performing any act of corruption and from 
participating or being involved in corruption. A violation of the prohibition on corruption would give rise to 
consequences under labour, civil and criminal law. The OTP Group ensures full implementation of all applicable 
Hungarian, European Union and international anti-corruption regulations, and requires all of its staff members 
and contractual partners to comply with such regulations. 
The Anti-Corruption Policy defines the principles of the OTP Group’s anti-corruption activity and identifies the 
areas particularly exposed to the risk of corruption. The scope of the Anti-Corruption Policy extends to all staff 
members and contractual partners of the OTP Group members and to any other persons participating in the 
performance of their activities. 
In order to enforce zero tolerance towards corruption, the OTP Group applies the following procedural and 
operational principles:  
 
in order to avoid the concentration of decision-making powers in one person’s hands, members of the 
OTP Group strictly define staff members’ roles and responsibilities by adequately and officially 
specifying the responsibilities and clearly designating decision-making levels; 
 
the OTP Group members formulate officially devised procedures for the performance of specific 
activities by individual staff members, and require the application thereof;  
 
in accordance with and to the extent permitted by legal provisions, the OTP Group members monitor the 
activity and transactions of individual staff members; and 
 
in all cases where required by relevant policies, the OTP Group members expects all staff members to 
make their decisions on the basis of pre-defined criteria. 
All OTP Group members are required to adopt the anti-corruption rules and to implement and consistently 
adhere to the relevant procedures. 
                                                          
18 The Wolfsberg Group – Wolfsberg Anti-Bribery and Corruption (ABC) Compliance Programme Guidance (2017)

--- Page 209 ---
198 
Anti-money laundering (“AML”) and counter-terrorism financing activities 
The employees of the Issuer in areas having direct contact with clients and in other areas exposed to AML risks 
are required to take definite steps toward the prevention and combating of money laundering and terrorist 
financing and to obtain exhaustive information on their clients by applying the "Know Your Customer" principle. 
In the course of their work, employees are required to proceed in full compliance with the provisions of the Act 
on the Prevention and Combating of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing, the Act on the Implementation 
of Financial and Property Restrictive Measures Prescribed by the European Union and the UN Security Council, 
as well as the implementing decrees of such Acts, the Criminal Code, the recommendations of the MNB, the 
FATF and the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the relevant regulations of the European Union and 
the Issuer's internal regulatory documents. 
Basic principles of the Code of Ethics 
The Issuer enforces a Code of Ethics regarding ethical business operations, which is implemented by certain 
OTP Group members including, among others, the foreign subsidiary banks. 
To monitor compliance with the rules of ethics and observance of the requirements of ethical operations, the 
Issuer has set up an Ethics Committee; a body that reviews the Issuer’s operations on a regular basis from the 
perspective of compliance with the basic principles and the adoption of the expected forms of conduct as defined 
in the Code of Ethics. 
Violations of the Code of Ethics can be reported either in person, by telephone or e-mail. The Issuer also does 
the utmost to protect employees who report infringements against discrimination and unfair treatment by 
prohibiting retaliatory measures or the application of negative consequences against any person who reports, in 
good faith, actual or suspected breaches of the values and principles of the Code of Ethics. 
The Issuer attaches particular importance to making sure that its employees familiarise themselves with and 
develop awareness of the norms of ethics. The Issuer provides an e-learning programme for every employee, 
and reviews and monitors compliance with those norms on a regular basis. 
The guidelines and requirements set forth in the Code of Ethics specify obligations for the Issuer’s executive 
officers, employees and agents. “Agents” include representatives, experts, intermediaries, consultants, agents 
per se, subcontractors and suppliers, along with enterprises and natural persons in other legal relationships with 
the Issuer under the civil law. The provisions set forth in the Code of Ethics must be observed and complied 
with during the entire period of the employment or contractual relationships – both during and outside working 
hours. 
As an ethical and compliant institution, the Issuer and its management are fully committed to ensuring 
observance of all relevant legislation, including anti-corruption statutes. The Issuer and its management have 
adopted the principle of zero tolerance towards corruption and bribery, taking a definite stance against all forms 
of corruption and giving full support to the fight against corruption. 
The Code of Ethics has also provisions on, among other things, anti-corruption including prohibited 
manipulation, rules on the acceptance of gifts, refusing payments facilitating business procedures, sponsorship, 
and donation. 
The detailed procedural rules are set out in the administrative directive on the framework for reporting unethical 
conduct defining the rules concerning the operation of the whistleblowing system which complies with the 
statutory requirements and also facilitates whistleblowing on the potential violation of the values specified in 
the Code of Ethics as well as the rules pertaining to the procedure related to such whistleblowing reports. 
The Issuer places importance on compliance with ESG requirements. Based on these principles, the Code of 
Ethics have been supplemented to (i) emphasise group-level regulation; (ii) focus the attention of suppliers on

--- Page 210 ---
199 
implementing the provisions of the Code of Ethics; (iii) make donations transparent; (iv) declare the respect for 
human rights; and (v) implement rules about customer protection and proper customer information.

--- Page 211 ---
200 
ORGANISATION STRUCTURE AND MANAGEMENT 
Organisational structure of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s operations are divided between the Issuer’s headquarters in Budapest and its branches throughout 
Hungary. 
The Issuer is composed of two core operational divisions, four functional divisions and two directorates. All 
divisions are headed by a Deputy Chief Executive Officer. The core operational divisions are the Retail Division 
and the Commercial Banking Division. The Retail Division is responsible for retail services such as savings 
and current account services and consumer loans. The Commercial Banking Division is responsible for the 
corporate, MSE, municipal, international, securities, treasury and structured finance business lines. 
The following diagram illustrates the internal organisational structure of the OTP Group: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The dotted line represents the governance line through the various management bodies and, where applicable, 
is based on regulatory requirements. 
The Issuer believes that it is in compliance with the provisions of all applicable statutory regulations, orders of 
the supervisory authority and the regulations of the Budapest Stock Exchange. The structure and operating 
conditions of the Issuer are contained in its Articles of Association, which are approved by the General Meeting 
of Shareholders. 
Recently, there were the following changes in senior management:  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
CHAIRMAN & CEO 
Dr. Sándor Csányi 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
GENERAL MEETING 
Retail Division
Commercial Banking Division
Credit Approval and Risk
Management Division 
Strategy and Finance Division
Digital Division 
 Retail Customer Tribe 
Retail Lending Tribe 
Global Markets 
Directorate 
International Corporate and 
Pricing Directorate 
Risk Analysis and
Regulation Directorate 
Corporate Credit Monitoring,
Credit Control and 
Acquisition Risk 
Management Department 
Strategy, Planning and 
Controlling Directorate
Daily Banking Tribe 
Enterprise Risk Management 
Department 
Group Acquisition and 
Integration Directorate 
International Retail 
Directorate
Legal Directorate 
Human and Organization 
Development Directorate
Internal Audit
Directorate 
 
Corporate and statutory management 
Investor Relations and Debt 
Capital Markets 
Accounting and Finance 
Directorate 
Credit Approval Directorate
1 MARCH 2023 
Permanent Committees 
Capital Calculation, 
Recovery and Credit 
Portfolio Analysis 
Department 
Strategic Research 
Department 
Research Centre
Marketing and 
Communication Directorate 
AUDIT COMMITTEE 
Specialised Finance 
Directorate
Group Governance and
  
Operations Division
Compliance Directorate 
  Back Office Directorate
Asset - Liability Management 
Directorate
Risk Governance Function 
  IT and Bank 
Security Directorate
Debt Management 
Directorate
Green Program
Directorate
Contact Center Directorate 
Digital Infrastructure Services
Directorate
Digital Platform Development 
Directorate
  Procurement Directorate 
Group Digital Directorate 
Innovation Tribe 
Omnichannel Tribe 
Agile and Business
Development  Directorate
Payments Tribe
Micro- and Small Enterprises 
Tribe
Corporate and Agro 
Directorate
Chairman and CEO Cabinet

--- Page 212 ---
201 
 
Mr. András Becsei was appointed as Deputy CEO of the Retail Division is effective from 1 January 
2023; and 
 
Mr. Antal György Kovács was elected by the AGM as member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
until the AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Mr. Antal Tibor Tolnay was elected by the AGM as member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer 
until the AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Dr. József Gábor Horváth was elected by the AGM as member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer 
until the AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Dr. Tamás Gudra was elected by the AGM as member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer until the 
AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Mr. Olivier Péqueux was elected by the AGM as member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer until 
the AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Mrs. Klára Bella was elected by the AGM as member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer until the 
AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Mr. András Michnai was elected by the AGM as member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer until 
the AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Mr. Antal Tibor Tolnay was elected by the AGM as member of the Audit Committee of the Issuer until 
the AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Dr. József Gábor Horváth was elected by the AGM as member of the Audit Committee of the Issuer 
until the AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; 
 
Dr. Tamás Gudra was elected by the AGM as member of the Audit Committee of the Issuer until the 
AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026; and 
 
Mr. Olivier Péqueux was elected by the AGM as member of the Audit Committee of the Issuer until 
the AGM of the Issuer closing the 2025 business year but not later than 30 April 2026. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is an executive body elected by the General Meeting of the Issuer. The Board of 
Directors shall be entitled and obliged to make all decisions which are not within the competence of the General 
Meeting, the Supervisory Board or the Audit Committee as defined by law, the Articles of Association, or a 
resolution of the General Meeting. 
The liability of the Board of Directors extends to the operation of the entire the Issuer, as part of which the 
Board’s main tasks include the approval of the Issuer’s strategy, annual report, major organisational 
restructurings and policies, as well as making other significant company law-related decisions. In its objectives 
and activities, particular emphasis is placed on increasing shareholder value, profitability and efficiency, and 
on managing risks and complying fully with external requirements – in other words on ensuring the most 
effective enforcement of business, ethical and internal control policies.  
The scope of its authority is defined in the effective statutory provisions, the Issuer's Articles of Association, 
General Meeting resolutions, and the Organisational and Operational Regulations. Its rules of procedure include 
the legal status and composition of the Board of Directors, as well as the regulations applicable to its operation 
and decision making.  
All the obligations and prohibitions specified for executive officers under Act CCXXXVII of 2013 on Credit 
Institutions and Financial Enterprises (Credit Institutions Act) apply to the members of the Board of Directors. 
The Board of Directors has an executive role in the governance of the the Issuer, and this is reflected in its 
members’ remuneration, an important element of which is the share-based honorarium, which serves to 
harmonise the interests of the board with those of the shareholders.

--- Page 213 ---
202 
It oversees the Issuer’s operative management through the Chairman and CEO. The Chairman and CEO is 
authorised to decide in all matters that do not, pursuant to the Articles of Association, fall within the scope of 
authority of the General Meeting or the Board of Directors. The employer’s rights related to the executive 
officers of the Issuer are in general exercised by the Board of Directors as a corporate body, with the proviso 
that in the case of the deputy CEOs, employer’s rights are exercised through the Chairman and CEO, and the 
prior notification of the Board of Directors is required for their appointment and for the withdrawal of their 
appointment. 
In view of the fact that the Board of Directors also has an important role to play in overseeing the work of the 
management, it is of substantive importance that the principle of a majority of external (non-executive) 
members be implemented in respect of the Board of Directors (4 executive members, 7 non-executive members). 
The makeup of the Board of Directors ensures that professional expertise, experience, and a degree of 
impartiality that goes beyond the above-mentioned independence requirement, are brought to bear in equal 
measure in the decision-making processes. The members of the Board of Directors are elected by the General 
Meeting for a term of five years. 
The business address for the members of the Board of Directors is: 
OTP Bank Plc. 
Budapest 
Nádor utca 16. 
1051 Hungary 
Tel: +36 1 473 5000 
Executive members and their principal activities outside the OTP Group are: 
Dr. Sándor Csányi, Chairman and CEO 
He graduated from the College of Finance and Accounting in 1974 with a bachelor’s degree in business 
administration and in 1980 from the Karl Marx University of Economic Sciences (now: Corvinus University) 
with a masters in economics and finance, where he also obtained his doctorate in finance between 1981-1983. 
He is a chartered auditor – certified in 1982 at the Ministry of Finance. After graduation he worked at the 
Revenue Directorate and then at the Secretariat (Bank Supervision Section) of the Ministry of Finance. Between 
1983 and 1986, he was a departmental head at the Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry. From 1986 to 
1989 he worked as a senior head of department at Hungarian Credit Bank (MHB). He was Deputy CEO of 
K&H Bank from 1989 to 1992. He has been Chairman and CEO of the Issuer since 1992. He is Vice Chairman 
of the Board of Directors of MOL Plc. and Co-Chairman of the Chinese-Hungarian Business Council. Owner 
of Bonitás 2002 Zrt. which is the holding company overlooking his investments in agriculture, food industry, 
real estate and asset management comprising of over 200 directly or indirectly owned companies. He is one of 
the largest investors in agriculture and food industry in the CEE region through Bonafarm Group and KITE 
generating aggregated annual revenue of EUR 2 billion with over 9,000 employees and with 40,000 hectares 
cultivated land in total. Bonafarm Group is vertically integrated whereby agriculture companies produce the 
raw materials for food processors. He has significant investments in real estate through his minority holding in 
Gránit Pólus (15 per cent.) and Limedale (18.2 per cent.) (portfolio of USD 1 bn), in VC (Bonitás Venture 
Capital Fund), in VC (Bonitás Venture Capital Fund with EUR 20 million funds under management and asset 
management (CSAM in Singapore). He has been the President of the Hungarian Football Association (MLSZ) 
since 2010, and a member of the UEFA Executive Committee since March 2015 and the Vice President of the 
UEFA Executive Committee since 2019. Since 2017 he has been a member of the FIFA Council and the Vice 
President of the FIFA Council since 2018. Within UEFA, he is also the Chairman of the UEFA National Team 
Competition Committee, a member of the UEFA Finance Committee and the UEFA Professional Football

--- Page 214 ---
203 
Strategy Council.  He has been the owner of Pick Szeged Handball Club since 2011. He has been the Honorary 
Vice President of the International Judo Federation since 2008.  
Since 1995 he has been Vice President of the Board of Trustees of the International Children’s Safety Service, 
and since 2003 he has been the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Prima Primissima Foundation. In 2005, 
he established the Csányi Foundation for Children from his own assets. Since 2009, he has been a member of 
the Board of Trustees of the Media Union for Social Awareness Formation Foundations. Since 2020, he has 
been the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Pro Sopron University Foundation. In 2021, he became 
Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Foundation for the Hungarian Agricultural and Life Sciences 
University (MATE). 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 325,047 ordinary OTP shares (while the total number of OTP shares held by 
him directly and indirectly was 4,602,174). 
András Becsei, Deputy CEO, Retail Division 
In 2001, András Becsei graduated with a master’s degree in Finance from the Budapest University of Economic 
Sciences and Public Administration. During his studies, he was awarded a scholarship at the University of 
Southern California in Los Angeles. Mr. Becsei holds a second master’s degree in International Management 
from the University of Cologne (2002) and an MBA from INSEAD (2005-2006). His career started as a Mergers 
& Acquisitions analyst at MOL in 2000, before moving to Ruhrgas in Essen (2001-2002). Between 2002-2009, 
he worked as a Consultant and a Project Manager at McKinsey & Company. 
Since 2009, Mr. Becsei has been working at OTP Bank in various roles including Managing Director of the 
Retail Subsidiary Management and Business Development Directorate (2009-2012), CEO of OTP Mortgage 
Bank and OTP Building Society (2014- ), Director of Retail Product Development (2012-2016), and Managing 
Director of Budapest Region (2017-2022). 
Alongside his primary role at OTP, Mr. Becsei has performed other duties as a member of the Supervisory 
Board of OTP Bank Ukraine – JSC OTP Bank (2010-2014) and as the Vice President of the Hungarian Banking 
Association since 2014. He temporarily served as President of the Hungarian Banking Association for nine 
months. 
The appointment of András Becsei as Deputy CEO of the Retail Division is effective from 1 January 2023. 
As of 31 December, 2022, he held 6,199 ordinary OTP shares. 
Péter Csányi, Deputy CEO, Digital Division 
He graduated from City University London in 2006 with a bachelor’s degree in economics, then in 2007 with 
a master’s degree in finance from the IE Business School in Madrid. In 2015, he received the Master of Business 
Administration (MBA) diploma from Kellogg School of Management in the USA. He began his career in 2006 
at Merrill Lynch’s London office as an intern where he was working on corporate finance projects for financial 
institutions. From 2007 to 2011, he worked at Deutsche Bank's London office, first as an analyst and later as an 
associate in the field of corporate finance (for Central and Eastern European corporate customers). From 2011-
2016, he worked for McKinsey & Company Inc. as an associate mostly working on banking related projects. 
He joined the Issuer in 2016 as Managing Director of the Digital Sales and Development Directorate. After the 
agile transformation at the Issuer, he became responsible for the management of the Omnichannel Tribe from 
2019. In addition, since January 2021, he has been the head of the Daily Banking Tribe. He was appointed as 
Deputy CEO of the Issuer from March 2021 and is the head of the IT Division (as of 1 May 2021, the "Digital 
Division"). From 2020, he has been Chairman of the Supervisory Board of OTP banka d.d. in Croatia. He is 
also a member of the OTP Mobil Kft. Supervisory Board and the head of the Digitization Working Group of

--- Page 215 ---
204 
the Hungarian Banking Association. He is member of the Mastercard European Advisory Board. He has been 
a member of the Board of Directors since 16 April 2021. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 9,648 ordinary OTP shares. 
Antal György Kovács, Deputy CEO, Retail Division 
He graduated from the Karl Marx University of Economic Sciences with a degree in economics. He began his 
professional career in 1990 at the Nagyatád branch of K&H Bank, where he worked as a branch manager 
between 1993 and 1995. He has been working at the Issuer since 1995, first as a county director and from 1998 
as the executive director of OTP Bank’s South Transdanubian Region. Since 1 July 2007 he has been OTP 
Bank’s Deputy CEO, until 31 December 2022 he was the head of Retail Division. He has received additional 
training at the International Training Centre for Bankers and on various courses held by the World Trade 
Institute. 
Between April 2007 and April 2012 he was Chairman of the Supervisory Board of OTP banka Hrvatska d.d. 
He has been Chairman of the Supervisory Board of OTP Bank Romania SA since 12 December 2012. He has 
been Chairman of the Board of Directors of OTP Mortgage Bank Ltd. and OTP Building Society Ltd. since 24 
April 2014. He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of OTP Fund Management and OTP Home Solutions Ltd. 
He was a member of the Supervisory Board from 2004 to 14 April 2016. He has been a member of the Board 
of Directors since 15 April 2016. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 114,759 ordinary OTP shares (while the total number of OTP shares held by 
him directly and indirectly was 119,059). 
László Wolf, Deputy CEO, Commercial Banking Division 
He graduated from the Karl Marx University of Economic Sciences in 1983. After graduation, he worked at the 
Bank Relations Department of the National Bank of Hungary for 8 years, and then served as head of Treasury 
at BNP-KH-Dresdner Bank between 1991 and 1993. 
From April 1993 he was managing director of the Issuer's Treasury Directorate, and since 1994 he has been 
Deputy CEO of the Commercial Banking Division. Since 2003 he has been a member of DSK Group’s 
Supervisory Board. He has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of OTP banka Srbija since 10 December 
2010. He has been a member of the Board of Directors since 15 April 2016. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 535,347 ordinary OTP shares. 
Non-executive members: 
Tamás György Erdei, Deputy Chairman 
He graduated in 1978 with a degree from the College of Finance and Accounting. He began his professional 
career at the Issuer, in a variety of administrative roles (his last position was branch manager), before going on 
to work at the Ministry of Finance in the area of bank supervision.  
Since 1983 he has been employed by the Hungarian Foreign Trade Bank (today MKB), where he gradually 
worked his way up through the ranks. In 1985 he became managing director, in 1990 he was appointed Deputy 
CEO, then in 1994 he was made CEO, and from 1997 until the end of March 2012 he was chairman and CEO. 
Between 1997 and 2008, and between 2009 and 2011, he was the elected president of the Hungarian Banking 
Association.  He is the chairman of the Supervisory Board of the International Children’s Safety Service.  
He has been a member of the Board of Directors since 27 April 2012. He has been the chairman of the Issuer's 
Risk Assumption and Risk Management Committee, and he was a member of the Nomination Committee 
between 2014 and 2020. He has been the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors since April 2019 and the

--- Page 216 ---
205 
Deputy Chairman of the Work-out Committee since October 2019.  He has been Chairman of the Board of 
Directors at OTP Factoring Ltd. between since December 2019. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 43,085 ordinary OTP shares. 
Gabriella Balogh 
She graduated as organising chemical engineer from the University of Veszprém in 1993 and as marketing 
economist from the University of Economics, Budapest in 1997. She worked as a marketing associate between 
1993 and 1998, as director of the Marketing Department from 1998 to 2005 and as managing director of the 
Marketing and Sales Directorate between 2005 and 2008 at the Issuer. She has been managing director of 
GoodStep Consulting Kft. since 2008. She fulfilled group management tasks as a Board of Directors member 
at the Central European Media and Publishing Company between 2010 and 2017. She has been co-owner and 
member of the Board of Directors of Net Media Plc. since 2016. She is Presidium member and Chairwoman of 
the Marketing and Media Board of the Hungarian Football Association. She is the Chairwoman of the 
Supervisory Board of Művészetek Palotája Ltd. 
She has been a member of the Board of Directors since 16 April 2021. 
As of 31 December 2022 she held 8,193 ordinary OTP shares. 
Mihály Baumstark 
He graduated with a degree in agricultural business administration at Gödöllő University of Agriculture (1973), 
and went on to do a masters in economics at the Karl Marx University of Economic Science (1981). He was 
employed by the Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry between 1978 and 1989. When he left the Ministry 
he was Deputy head of the Investment Policy Department. After this he was managing director of Hubertus Bt., 
and from 1999 to 2011 he was Deputy CEO and then Chairman and CEO of Villányi Winery Ltd. (now Csányi 
Winery Ltd.). He is currently retired. He was a member of the Supervisory Board from 1992 to 1999, and has 
been a non-executive member of the Board of Directors since 1999. He has been Chairman of the Issuer's Ethics 
Committee since 2010, as well as a member of its Remuneration Committee since 2011. He was the member 
of the Nomination Committee between 2014 and 2020. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 53,600 ordinary OTP shares. 
Dr. István Gresa 
He graduated from the College of Finance and Accountancy in 1974 and received a degree in economics from 
the Karl Marx University of Economic Sciences in 1980. He earned a PhD from the University of Economic 
Sciences in 1983. He has worked in the banking sector since 1989. Between 1989 and 1993 he was branch 
manager of Budapest Bank’s Zalaegerszeg branch. 
From 1993 he was director of the Issuer's Zala County Directorate, and from 1998 he served as the managing 
director of the bank’s West Transdanubian Region. From 1 March 2006 until 14 April 2016 – when he retired 
– he was Deputy CEO of the Credit Approval and Risk Management Division. He was Chairman of the Board 
of Directors at OTP Factoring Ltd. between 2006 and 2017. He has been a member of the Board of Directors 
since 27 April 2012. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 182,858 ordinary OTP shares. 
György Nagy 
He graduated from the Department of International Foreign Economics of University of International Relations 
(Moscow) in 1989. He was a founding owner of Wallis Holding (founded in 1990) and he managed the Wallis 
Group as CEO until 2000. He founded Westbay Holding Kft. in 2004, whose portfolio includes several 
successful investments. He has been the chairman of the Hungarian Shooters Federation since 2012, Presidium

--- Page 217 ---
206 
member of the European Shooting Confederation (ESC) since 2013 and he was elected the Vice President of 
ESC in 2021. 
He has been a member of the Board of Directors since 16 April 2021. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 34,800 ordinary OTP shares (while the total number of OTP shares held by 
him directly and indirectly was 1,118,955). 
Dr. Márton Gellért Vági 
He graduated in 1987 from the department of foreign economics at the Karl Marx University of Economic 
Science (today the Corvinus University of Budapest). From 1987 to 2000 he was a member of the university 
faculty, in the capacity of associate professor and head of department from 1994 onwards. He holds a university 
doctorate and a PhD in economics. He has authored or co-authored more than 80 research papers, essays and 
books. Between 2000 and 2006 he worked at the State Holding and Privatisation Co. (ÁPV Zrt.), as managing 
director, Deputy CEO and then CEO.  Between 2006 and 2010 he was Chairman of the National Development 
Agency.  
Since 2010 he has been general secretary of the Hungarian Football Association. In various periods between 
2000 and 2010, he was the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Magyar Villamos Művek, Paks Nuclear Power 
Plant and the National Textbook Publishing House. Between 2002 and 2010, he was a member of the Board of 
Directors of Földhitel és Jelzálogbank Nyrt., and the Chairman of the Board of Directors for 4 years. He has 
been a member of UEFA’s HatTrick Financial Assistance Committee since 2011. He has been a member of 
FIFA’s Financial Committee since 2017. 
He was a member of the Supervisory Board between 2011-2021. He was been a member of the Issuer's Audit 
Committee between 2014-2021. He was a member of the Issuer's Nomination Committee between 2020-2021. 
He has been a member of the Board of Directors since 16 April 2021. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 8,500 ordinary OTP shares. 
Dr. József Zoltán Vörös 
He earned a degree in economics from the Karl Marx University of Economic Science in 1974. In 1984 he 
earned a PhD in economics from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, and a Doctor of Science degree in 1993. 
He has been a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences since 2013. Between 1990 and 1993 he was the 
dean of the Faculty of Business and Economics, Janus Pannonius University (JPTE) in Pécs. In 1993 he attended 
a course in management for senior executives at Harvard University. From 1994 he was a professor at JPTE, , 
from 2021 he has been professor emeritus. He was the senior Vice Rector of the University from 2004-2007, 
between 2007 and 2011 he was Chairman of the Economic Council of the University of Pécs. 
He has been a non-executive member of the Board of Directors since 1992. He has been Chairman of the Issuer's 
Remuneration Committee since 2009, and of its Risk Assumption and Risk Management Committee since 2014. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 186,714 ordinary OTP shares. 
Supervisory Board 
In line with the two-tier governance structure of the Issuer, the Supervisory Board – as a body elected by the 
General Meeting – performs the oversight of the Issuer’s management, business activities and legal operation 
and fulfils the responsibilities assigned to it by the Credit Institutions Act. 
In accordance with the regulatory requirements – the principle of a majority of independent (non-executive) 
members is fully enforced in respect of the composition of the Supervisory Board. The ratio of independent 
(non-executive) Supervisory Board members (four members) to the total number of Supervisory Board 
members (six members) is 67 per cent.

--- Page 218 ---
207 
The rules applicable to the appointment and recall of the employee delegate of the Supervisory Board are 
defined by the Works Council operating at the Issuer, and the Issuer does not consider such a member to be 
independent. 
In order to avoid conflicts of interest, the General Meeting may not appoint the members of the Board of 
Directors and their close relatives to the Supervisory Board.  
The Supervisory Board determines and approves its own rules of procedure. 
The responsibility of the Supervisory Board extends to the supervision of the lawfulness of the Issuer’s 
operations, its business practices and management, including the control of the Issuer’s internal audit unit. The 
Supervisory Board exercises a preliminary right of consent in respect of decisions relating to the establishment 
and termination by the employer of the employment of, as well as the determination of the remuneration of, the 
head of the internal audit unit, and the prior consent of the Supervisory Board is required for the removal of the 
head of the unit performing the compliance assurance function and the head responsible for risk control 
functions. 
It is the task of the Supervisory Board to accept and regularly review – within the limits defined by the General 
Meeting of Shareholders – the principles of the Issuer’s Remuneration Policy. 
Members of the Supervisory Board: 
The Supervisory Board members are elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders for a term of three years. 
Independent members: 
Tibor Tolnay, Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
He graduated from the Budapest University of Technology with a degree in civil engineering in 1978 and then 
in economic engineering in 1983. In 1993, he finished his studies as a specialised economist at Budapest 
University of Economics. From 1989 to 1994, he was Director of State Construction Company No. 21. From 
1994 to 2015 he was Chairman and CEO of the already privatised Magyar Építő Joint Stock Company. He has 
been the managing director of Érték Ltd. since 1994. Since 2020 he has been the managing director of Fenyves 
Garden Ltd. 
From 2018 to 2021, he was President of the National Association of Entrepreneurs and Employers; since 2021, 
he has been the co-president. Since 1992 he has been a member of the Supervisory Board, and Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board since 1999. He was a member and Deputy Chairman of the Issuer’s Audit Committee 
between 2007 and 2011, and has been again since 2014. He has been the Chairman of the Issuer’s Nomination 
Committee since 2020. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 54 ordinary OTP shares. 
Dr. József Gábor Horváth, Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
He earned a degree in law from Eötvös Loránd University in Budapest in 1980. From 1983 he worked for the 
Hungarian State Development Bank. He has been a lawyer since 1986, and since 1990 has run his own law 
firm, which specialises in corporate finance and corporate governance. He has been a member of the 
Supervisory Board since 1995, and was a member of MOL Plc’s Board of Directors between 1999 and 2014. 
He has been Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board since 2007. He was a member of the Issuer's Audit 
Committee between 2007 and 2011, and has been again since 2014. He has been a member of the Issuer's

--- Page 219 ---
208 
Nomination Committee since 2020. He was a member of the Board of Directors of INA Industrija Nafte d.d. 
from 2014 to 2018. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held no ordinary OTP shares. 
Dr. Tamás Gudra 
He graduated as business administrator in 1993 in the College of Commerce and Catering. He is a Hungarian 
chartered accountant since 1997. He also acquired a university degree in 2010 as a lawyer at the Faculty of law 
of Janus Pannonius University in Pécs. He worked as an auditor from 1993 to 2001 at Deloitte & Touche. 
Between 2001 and 2003 he was an accounting expert of subsidiaries at the Accounting and Tax Directorate of 
the Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company (MOL Rt). Then he took a managing director role at the 
Auditor, Financial and Accounting Directorate of the National Privatization and Asset Manager Plc. (ÁPV Zrt.) 
between 2003 and 2007 and subsequently became the director of Controlling Directorate at the Hungarian 
National Asset Manager Plc. (MNV Zrt.) from 2008 to 2010. Following these assignments, he worked as the 
CFO of the Hungarian Football Association from 2011 until June of 2020. As of July 2020, he became the 
group-level CFO of Bonafarm Zrt. He is a member of the Supervisory Board of OTP Lakástakarék Zrt. between 
2012 and 2021 and he is the Chairman of the Hungarian Paralympic Committee’s Supervisory Board since 
2016. Since 2021 he has been property inspector of Hungarian University of Agriculture and Life Sciences, 
member of the Executive Committee of Pick Szeged Zrt., SOLE-Mizo Zrt and MCS Vágóhíd Zrt. 
He has been a member of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee of the Issuer since 16 April 2021. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held no ordinary OTP shares. 
Olivier Péqueux 
He graduated from the Institute of Actuaries of France and Polytechnique School and ENSAE Paris Tech. He 
started work in 1998 as an insurance commissioner for the French Insurance Supervisory Authority. In 2003, 
he joined the French Ministry of Finance to take part in the reform of the pension laws and the establishment 
of a pension fund for French civil servants. He then became technical adviser to the French Minister of Health 
and Pensions. In 2005, he joined Groupama Group, first in charge of the actuary and accounting department of 
Gan Patrimoine, a life insurance company, and then in 2007 as Chief Financial Officer of Groupama Paris Val 
de Loire. He moved to China in March 2011 as Deputy General Manager of Groupama China, where he was in 
charge of finance, actuary matters and investments in the joint venture between Groupama and AVIC.  From 
2015 to 2017, he was the General Manager of Groupama AVIC. Since March 2018, he has been the Chief 
International Officer of Groupama Assurances Mutuelles. Since September 2020, he has been Deputy CEO of 
Groupama Assurances Mutuelles. 
He has been a member of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee of the Issuer since 2018. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held no ordinary OTP shares. 
Employee delegates 
Klára Bella 
She graduated from the College of Finance and Accountancy and later received a degree from the Budapest 
University of Economic Sciences. From 1992 to 1994 she worked as a clerk at the Fertőszentmiklós branch of 
the Issuer. From 1994 to 1995 she was a lending consultant at Polgári Bank. From 1995 to 1996 she worked as 
a risk manager at the Central Branch of the Issuer. From 1996 to 1997 she was a credit authoriser in the Credit 
Approval and Risk Management Division. From 1997 to 2010 she was Deputy Managing Director at the Central 
Branch. From 2010 to 2016 she was Director at the Central Branch. Between 2017 and 2020, she was Director

--- Page 220 ---
209 
of the Corporate Directorate. Since 1 July 2020, she has been the Director of the Large Corporate Department 
of the Special Financing Directorate. 
She has been a member of the Supervisory Board, and representative of the Issuer’s employees, since 12 April 
2019. 
As of 31 December 2022 she held 408 ordinary OTP shares. 
András Michnai 
He graduated in 1981 from the College of Finance and Accounting with a degree in business administration.  
He has been an employee of the Issuer since 1974, and until 1981 held a variety of posts in the branch network. 
Following this he held a management position in the central network coordination department before returning 
to work in the branch network. From 1994, as deputy management director, he participated in the central 
coordination of the branch network. Between 2005 and 2014 he was the managing director of the Issuer’s 
Compliance Department. He further expanded his professional skills, earning a Master’s degree at the Budapest 
Business School, and is a registered tax advisor. 
He has been a member of the Issuer's Supervisory Board, and representative of the Issuer’s employees, since 
2008. He has been Secretary of the Issuer's Employees’ Trade Union since December 2011. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 100 ordinary OTP shares. 
Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee, consisting of independent members of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board elected by the 
General Meeting, is a body that assists the work of the Supervisory Board in relation to the monitoring of the 
financial reporting system, selection of the auditors, and cooperation with the auditor. Under its powers, the 
Audit Committee monitors the internal audit, risk management and reporting systems, as well as the auditors’ 
activities. The Audit Committee reviews and monitors – in respect of the entire OTP Group – the auditors’ 
independence, with special regard to the performance of any non-prohibited non-audit services to be provided 
by the auditors in addition to its audit activity. Furthermore, it fulfils the audit committee tasks of several 
domestic subsidiaries. 
Members of the Audit Committee: 
The Audit Committee consists of four members, and its members are elected by the General Meeting from 
among the non-executive members of the Supervisory Board. They are elected for a term of three years. The 
Audit Committee elects a chairperson from among its own members. 
Dr. József Gábor Horváth, Chairman of the Audit Committee 
Tibor Tolnay, Deputy Chairman of the Audit Committee 
Dr. Tamás Gudra 
Olivier Pégueux  
Members of Senior Management: 
Dr. Sándor Csányi, Chairman and CEO 
László Bencsik, Deputy CEO, Strategy and Finance Division 
In 1996, he graduated from the Faculty of Business Administration at the Budapest University of Economic 
Sciences, and in 1999 he obtained a Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from INSEAD Business School

--- Page 221 ---
210 
in France. Between 1996 and 2000 he worked as a consultant at Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). From 
2000 to 2003 he was a project manager at consulting firm McKinsey & Company. 
He joined the Issuer in 2003, when he became managing director of the Bank Operations Management 
Directorate, and the manager with overall responsibility for controlling and planning. He has been Deputy CEO 
of the Issuer, and head of the Strategy and Finance Division, since August 2009. Since 13 March 2012 he has 
been Chairman of the Supervisory Board of DSK Group. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 12,744 ordinary OTP shares. 
Péter Csányi, Deputy CEO, IT Division 
György Kiss-Haypál, Deputy CEO, Credit Approval and Risk Management Division 
He is a qualified economist. He graduated from the Budapest University of Economic Sciences in 1996. He 
started his career as a project finance analyst for Budapest Bank Plc., and by 2007 he had been appointed head 
of the Issuer’s risk management department. Between 2002 and 2006 he also worked in Ireland as corporate 
credit risk portfolio manager for GE Consumer Finance, and in Austria as GE Money Bank’s consumer loans 
portfolio manager. Between 2008 and 2015 he was member of the Board of Directors of Budapest Bank. 
From 2015 he was Deputy head of the Credit Approval and Risk Management Division of the Issuer, and was 
then appointed acting head of the Division. Since 3 May 2017, he has been Deputy CEO of the Credit Approval 
and Risk Management Division. 
As of 31 December 2022 he held 10,905 ordinary OTP shares. 
László Wolf, Deputy CEO, Commercial Banking Division 
Permanent Committees of the Issuer 
The permanent committee established by the Board of Directors in support of management functions is the 
Management Committee. The Management Committee is a forum that directly supports the work of the 
Chairman and CEO and is the supreme management body of the Issuer. It coordinates the preparation of 
strategic decisions and has decision-making powers in matters referred to its competence by the OTP Group’s 
Organisational and Operational Regulations. It takes a preliminary position and prepares decisions in the 
majority of issues that are discussed by the General Meeting, the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Board, 
and plays a coordinating role in the senior management of the Issuer. The Management Committee also ensures 
that the Issuer can respond flexibly and effectively to market and regulatory factors and that the OTP Group as 
a whole can act in a coordinated fashion. The Management Committee performs its work on the basis of a six-
month work schedule approved by the committee itself, and meets once a month (and on an ad-hoc basis as and 
when necessary). Its order of business is determined by its rules of procedure. 
The following additional permanent committees operate within the Issuer for the performance of specific tasks: 
 
Asset-Liability Committee, which makes decisions on separately non-regulated affairs relating to the 
Issuer’s highest-level asset-liability management 
 
Product Development, Sales and Pricing Committee 
 
International Product Development, Sales and Pricing Committee 
 
Work-Out Committee 
 
Credit and Limits Committee 
 
IT and Operations Board

--- Page 222 ---
211 
 
Group Operational Risk Management Committee 
 
Group Impairment Committee 
 
Committee on the Prevention of Money Laundering 
 
Group Investment Committee 
 
ESG Committee  
Permanent committees are the Issuer’s bodies in charge of preparing and making decisions as well as conducting 
consultations. The task of permanent committees is to prepare and make decisions needed for the performance 
of the Issuer’s business activities, for minimising the Issuer’s risks and for ensuring its operation. Decisions to 
establish permanent committees are made by the Board of Directors. The members of the committees are 
persons in charge of the professional areas concerned, who have exceptional expertise and all-round 
competence in the given matter. The chairpersons of the committees are nominated by the Chairman and CEO, 
and their rules of procedure, with the exception of the Management Committee, are approved by the head of 
the Legal Directorate. The Management Committee approves its own rules of procedure. In respect of 
resolutions, the Asset Liability Committee, the Credit and Limits Committee, the Group Operational Risk 
Management Committee, the International Product Development, Sales and Pricing Committee, the Work-Out 
Committee, Committee on the Prevention of Money Laundering, Group Investment, Committee, ESG 
Committee and the Group Impairment Committee operate on the principle of simple majority, while in the case 
of the Management Committee, the Product Development, Sales and Pricing Committee and the IT and 
Operations Committee decisions are made by a simple majority of votes but the chairperson has a right of veto. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or duties of the members of 
the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Board or the senior management of the Issuer and their duties to the 
Issuer.

--- Page 223 ---
212 
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
Forecasts for different macroeconomic indicators and trends are based on research carried out by the OTP 
Research Centre. 
For further information on the COVID-19 pandemic see also the Risk Factors headed “Risk Factors –Factors 
that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme - Risks 
related to the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment 
The performance of the OTP Group is affected by adverse global political, economic and business conditions 
in the markets in which it operates”; “Risk Factors –Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme - The provisions made by the OTP Group may not be 
adequate to cover actual losses sustained”; “Risk Factors –Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme – “The OTP Group is dependent on customer 
deposits for liquidity”; “The OTP Group is exposed to risks associated with movements in interest rates”; “Risk 
Factors –Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme - The OTP Group faces risks associated with the implementation of its business strategy”; and 
“Risk Factors – Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environment - The OTP Group is subject to changes 
to government policy and regulation”, as well as the “Description of the OTP Group's Business - Recent 
developments – Impact of COVID-19” section. 
Macroeconomic environment in OTP Group countries  
The OTP Group currently operates in eleven countries (Hungary, Albania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Moldova, 
Montenegro, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovenia and Ukraine). These national economies are in different stages 
of development: several are members of the European Union (i.e. Hungary, Bulgaria, Croatia, Romania, and 
Slovenia), in addition, Slovenia and Croatia are members of the Eurozone as well. Russia and Ukraine are 
typical commodity economies (i.e. to a great extent their economies are dependent on exporting raw materials 
and energy resources).  
2022 was determined by the post-COVID-19 recovery, the large-scale Russian military offensive against 
Ukraine launched on 24 February 2022, the energy crisis, the rise in inflation and aggressive interest rate hikes 
by major central banks in the CEE region. 
Real GDP growth rate (YoY, %) 
2021 
2022 
Albania 
8.5 
4.2 
Bulgaria 
7.6 
3.1 
Croatia 
13.1 
6.3 
Hungary 
7.1 
4.6 
Moldova 
13.9 
-5.9 
Montenegro 
13.0 
5.7 
Romania 
5.9 
4.8 
Russia 
5.6 
-2.1 
Serbia 
7.5 
2.3 
Slovenia 
8.2 
5.4

--- Page 224 ---
213 
Ukraine 
3.4 
-30.4 
 
While the year started with dynamic growth and a positive outlook due to the post-pandemic reopening, the 
outlook deteriorated quickly and growth slowed sharply, especially in the second half of the year, mainly owing 
to the spill-over effects of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Economic activity in Russia fell mainly because of 
sanctions, while in Ukraine it plunged amid the humanitarian crisis and military operations. Economic activity 
also fell in Moldova. Moldova has the highest exposure among OTP Group countries to the war, given its 
extremely negative energy balance, high trade and financial linkages with Russia and Ukraine. In addition, it 
has been repeatedly speculated that the conflict could spill over into the territory of Moldova. Hungary and 
Montenegro have also relatively high exposures. Montenegro’s vulnerabilities stem from the very high tourism 
exposure to the two conflicting countries, but it seems that the disappearing demand was replaced from 
elsewhere. The rest of the countries show medium to low exposures. The countries in which the OTP Group 
operates weathered the storm of conflict better than had been expected at the beginning of the year, and came 
through 2022 without recession (except in Russia, Ukraine and Moldova) and without energy supply problems. 
Macroeconomic environment in Hungary 
Hungary's annual gross domestic product (GDP) growth fell to 4.6 percent in 2022 from 7.1 per cent. in 2021, 
but the high average masks a negative within-a-year pattern. In the first half of the year, despite all the 
difficulties, GDP growth was still above 7 per cent. (Q1: +8.2 per cent.; Q2: +6.5 per cent. year-on-year). In the 
second half of the year, external shocks, tightening economic policy measures, the negative real wage dynamics, 
as well as the historically weak agricultural season, turned the economy into a technical recession, with GDP 
falling in both 3Q and 4Q 2022 compared to the previous quarter. As a result, the annual growth momentum 
slowed to near zero by the end of the fourth quarter (Q3: +4.0per cent.; Q4: +0.4 per cent. year-on-year). 
Though high and rising inflation has been a challenge for most economies across Europe in 2022 and into 2023, 
it has accelerated in Hungary to the highest level in Europe. While inflation peaked at around 10 per cent. in 
Europe and around 15-17 per cent. in the CEE region, it jumped around 10 percentage points higher in Hungary 
and did not peak at the end of 2022. Inflationary pressures are driven by pre-election fiscal spending, a 
significant minimum wage increase at the beginning of the year, the significant weakening of the Hungarian 
Forint against stable currencies in the region, and various government measures (including among others price 
caps on certain food items, extra profit taxes levied on various sectors, revision of small business tax) that have 
increased costs for the corporate sector. 
Hungary, as a significant net energy importer was strongly affected by the high energy prices which results 
significant deterioration of the external balance and increased the depreciation pressure on the Forint. In 
addition the MNB raised its key rate by a cumulative 10.6pp to 13.0 per cent. in 2022. After pressure on the 
currency, the MNB introduced a one-day deposit facility with 18 per cent. interest, which became the effective 
interest rate and has been kept flat since its introduction. The EUR/HUF exchange rate set a historic low above 
430 on 12 October 2022, with the Hungarian Forint strengthening to the 400 level by the end of 2022 due to 
the MNB's measures and the agreement on EU funds. 
Uncertainty over the drawdown of EU funds continues, despite the approval of Hungary's National Recovery 
and Resilience Plan, which prevented the premature loss of 70 per cent. of EUR5.8 billion (3.2 per cent. of 
GDP) in grants, the first disbursement is conditional on Hungary fulfilling certain condition many of which 
related to rule of law. There is the possibility that the implementation of these conditions will raise further 
questions due to interpretations and political considerations and this will further delay distribution of the funds. 
Hungary’s European System of Accounts (“ESA”) based fiscal deficit declined to 6.3 per cent. of GDP in 2022, 
from 6.8 per cent in the previous year. By the second half of 2022, signs of a negative turnaround were already

--- Page 225 ---
214 
evident in the housing market and in lending, but also in employment. On the housing market there was a sharp 
fall in the number of transactions, while household lending slowed down substantially due to high interest rates. 
Corporate lending remained relatively strong, as the FX adjusted growth rate of the non-financial corporate 
loans almost reached 14 per cent. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer’s management, the net loan to deposit ratio in the Hungarian credit 
institution system was 168 per cent. as at 1Q 2009 and 95 per cent. at 4Q 2022. 
Competitive environment in Hungary 
The Issuer’s management believe that by the end of 4Q 2022, the OTP Group in Hungary had a 28 per cent. 
market share of total assets, 34 per cent. of retail loans, 39 per cent. of retail deposits, 20 per cent. of corporate 
loans and 24 per cent. of corporate deposits, respectively, and in the asset management segment, OTP Fund 
Management had a 27 per cent. market share. 
Most of the Issuer’s local competitors in Hungary are foreign-owned banks, including K&H Bank (part of the 
KBC Group), UniCredit, Erste Bank, Raiffeisen Bank and CIB (part of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group). In recent 
years, Hungarian ownership within the banking sector exceeded 50 per cent. (including the Issuer with a diverse 
ownership structure but having its headquarters in Budapest) and the Hungarian Government has also played 
an important role in consolidating the banking sector. In 2014, the Hungarian Government purchased MKB (in 
English, the Hungarian Foreign Trade Bank) from Bayerische Landesbank and, in 2015, it purchased Budapest 
Bank from GE Capital. MKB was re-privatised in 2016 and sold to financial investors. In June 2019, the shares 
of MKB were listed on the Budapest Stock Exchange.  
Hungarian Bankholding Ltd. commenced its effective operation on 15 December 2020, after MNB approved 
the merger of Budapest Bank Group, MKB Bank Plc. and Takarék Group, and the shares of the key owners 
were transferred to the joint holding company. By transferring the in-kind contributions, the second largest 
banking group in Hungary was established, with the Hungarian State owning 30.35 per cent. of the shares 
through Corvinus International Investment Ltd., the previous direct owners of MKB acquiring 31.96 per cent. 
of the shares and the previous direct owners of MTB Bank Ltd., the controller of Takarék Group, acquiring 
37.69 per cent. of the shares. The new banking group serves 1.4 million active retail customers and 208 thousand 
active corporate customers. Its aggregated balance sheet is HUF 8,424, it has a HUF 3,787 credit volume and a 
HUF 5,414 billion deposit volume. On 31 March 2022, the legal merger of two member banks of the Hungarian 
Bankholding Ltd., Budapest Bank Private Co. Ltd. and MKB Bank Plc., was concluded. On 30 April 2023 
MKB Bank Plc. and Takarékbank Plc. merged and continued their operations under the name of Hungarian 
Bankholding Ltd. This marked the final milestone in the triple bank merger led by Hungarian Bankholding, 
which aims to create the second largest universal major bank of Hungary by its total assets. 
During the 2007/2009 global financial crisis, several banking sector participants had to significantly deleverage 
and close significant parts of their physical network. The Issuer maintained the same branch network which 
currently helps it to maintain and improve market share amid intensifying competition. 
During the 2007/2009 global financial crisis, loan volumes in the sector decreased substantially. For years, there 
was a net volume decrease both in corporate and retail loans. However, from 2016, there has been a gradual 
recovery, first in corporate loans and later in consumer loans and housing loans. 
The following table shows the evolution of total Hungarian housing loan volumes, total Hungarian 
consumer loans volumes (including home equity loans) and total Hungarian corporate loans volumes as 
per cent. of GDP:

--- Page 226 ---
215 
2006
2007
2008  2009
2010
2011
2012  2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 
2020
 2021 
 2022 
Housing 
loans/ 
GDP% ......  
11.2
12.2
14.4
15.0
16.0
14.9
12.2
11.0
10.2
8.6
8.1
7.7
7.7
7.6 
8.3
8.3 
7.4 
consumer 
loans (incl. 
home 
equity 
loans)/GD
P (%) ........  
8.5
10.8
14.0
14.6
15.3
14.9
12.8
11.6
10.3
8.2
7.7
7.1
6.5
7.3 
8.5
8.6 
7.4 
corporate 
loans/GDP 
(%) ...........  
26.9
28.3
29.4
28.9
27.7
27.1
23.9
22.1
20.7
17.0
16.4
16.5
17.2
17.4 
19.3
18.8 
18.0 
 
Despite reviving lending activity, Hungarian loan penetration levels are still low by regional standards and 
compared to their historic levels, implying good loan volume growth potential. In the period between 2006 and 
2022, housing loan volumes to GDP ratio was 16.0 per cent. at its peak in 2010, but in 2022 this ratio was 7.4 
per cent. This 7.4 per cent. is much lower than loan penetration levels in the region (Slovakia at 39.5 per cent., 
Montenegro at 27.4 per cent., Czech Republic at 26.1 per cent., Serbia at 20.8 per cent., Poland at 17.1 per cent., 
Croatia at 14.9 per cent., Slovenia at 13.9 per cent., Bulgaria at 10.1 per cent., Russia at 9.1 per cent.), close to 
the Romanian and Albanian levels (7.9 and 7.6 per cent. respectively), although it is higher than in respect of 
Moldavian (4.7 per cent.) and Ukrainian levels (0.5 per cent.). In Hungary, consumer loan volumes (including 
home equity loans) to GDP ratio was 15.3 per cent. at its peak in 2010, but in 2022 this ratio was 7.4 per cent. 
This 7.4 per cent. is lower than the loan penetration levels in the region (Croatia at 14.8 per cent., Serbia at 12.5 
per cent., Bulgaria at 10.1 per cent., Poland at 9.6 per cent. and Russia at 9.0 per cent.), and above the Slovakian 
(6.3 per cent.), Czech (6.1 per cent.), Romanian (4.8 per cent.), Ukrainian (4.7 per cent.), Slovenian (4.4 per 
cent.), Moldavian (4.0 per cent.) and Albanian levels (3.9 per cent.). Corporate loan volumes to GDP ratio was 
29.4 per cent. at its peak in 2008, whereas in 2016 this ratio was 16.4 per cent. and grew to 18.0 per cent. in 
2022 in Hungary. This 18.0 per cent. is lower than the loan penetration levels in the region (Russia at 38.7 per 
cent., Bulgaria at 25.1 per cent., Montenegro at 24.4 per cent., Serbia at 23.9 per cent., Slovakia at 22.1 per 
cent., Croatia at 21.5 per cent., Albania at 20.4 per cent.), close to the  Czech, Slovenian and Ukrainian levels 
(18.6, 18.2 and 18.2 per cent., respectively) and exceeds the Romanian (13.6 per cent.), Polish (13.2 per cent.) 
and Moldavian levels (11.8 per cent.).

--- Page 227 ---
216 
HUNGARIAN BANKING SECTOR 
The history of the Hungarian banking system 
The first phase of the modernisation of the banking sector commenced in the early 1980s by loosening the 
centralised capital allocation regime that characterised the one-tier banking system. After two years of 
preparations and a year of impact assessment, the two-tier banking system was introduced in early 1987, when 
banks performing their operations on a commercial basis were institutionally separated from the MNB, which 
only retained its central bank activities.  
From mid-1996, the balance sheet positions of banks started to improve gradually, their balance sheet totals 
rose, decision-making became more efficient and, consequently, the quality of their lending portfolios also 
improved. The privatisation of banks also accelerated in the same year, and the largest Hungarian banks were 
taken over by foreign owners. The development and evolution of the Hungarian banking sector has followed 
international trends, namely, the universal banking model, preferred by the EU directives which aim to create a 
single European market in financial services. 
Following a phase of intensive development which started in 2000, the increase in branch establishment slowed 
down. However, competition between banks for retail customers intensified. Cost cutting and staff reduction 
became essential for credit institutions with declining profitability. The introduction and rapid spread of 
electronic banking services played an important role in this process. 
The structure of the Hungarian banking system comprises a vast array of financial service providers, including 
banks, specialised credit institutions, savings and credit co-operatives and financial enterprises. The past few 
years have seen further diversification on the supply side, in particular in the payments segment, through the 
emergence of payment institutions (“pénzforgalmi intézmény”) and electronic money institutions 
(“elektronikuspénz-kibocsátó intézmény”) as new types of service providers introduced by recent EU legislation. 
Out of the three types of credit institutions (banks, specialised credit institutions or co-operative credit 
institutions), only banks are entitled to provide the full range of banking and investment services. 
The effects of EU accession 
Hungary became a member of the European Union (the “EU”) on 1 May 2004. Membership of the EU has 
resulted in Hungary adopting and implementing various EU directives. Changes have therefore been made to 
Hungarian banking law and accounting rules in order to harmonise them with the relevant EU directives. EU 
accession has greatly enhanced the international integration of the domestic money market and it has 
strengthened the close relationship between credit institutions and their foreign parent banks. 
The amendment to the regulation on the Hungarian central credit information system has enlarged the scope of 
persons that are subject to registration therein, thereby enhancing the safety of investments, credit, securities 
lending activities and financial stability. 
In the course of harmonising the national law with EU law, Hungary has also implemented Directive 
2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID”) and Directive 2004/109/EC on the 
harmonisation of transparency requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market (the “Transparency Directive”), together with Directive 2007/14/EC 
on detailed rules for the implementation of certain provisions of the Transparency Directive. 
Further, Hungary has implemented (a) Directive 2006/73/EC implementing Directive 2004/39/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards organisational requirements and operating conditions for 
investment firms and defined terms for the purposes of that Directive and (b) Directive 2007/16/EC 
implementing Council Directive 85/611/EEC on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative

--- Page 228 ---
217 
provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities as regards the clarification 
of certain definitions. In order to implement the above-mentioned Directives, the Hungarian Parliament passed 
the Investment Firms Act, which came into force on 1 December 2007 and was accompanied by various 
amendments to the Capital Markets Act. 
In light of the 2007/2009 global financial crisis, which exposed important failures in financial supervision, 
legislative proposals were made by the European Commission on the adoption of the so-called Omnibus 
Directive which aimed at: 
(c) 
establishing a European System of Financial Supervisors (“ESFS”) that would consist of a network of 
national financial supervisors working in tandem with new European Supervisory Authorities (“ESAs”) 
to be created by transforming the existing European supervisory committees into the European Banking 
Authority (“EBA”), the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (“EIOPA”), and 
ESMA, thereby combining the advantages of an overarching European framework for financial 
supervision with the expertise of local micro prudential supervisory bodies that are closest to the 
institutions operating in their jurisdictions; and 
(d) 
establishing an ESRB to monitor and assess potential threats to financial stability that arise from macro-
economic developments and from developments within the financial system as a whole. To this end, the 
ESRB would provide an early warning of system-wide risks that may be building up and, where 
necessary, issue recommendations for action to deal with these risks. 
Regulations (EU) No 1092/2010, No 1093/2010, No 1094/2010, No 1095/2010 and the Directive 2010/78/EU 
of 24 November 2010 are the elements of the so-called Financial Supervision Package. 
The Financial Supervision Package confers important powers on the ESAs, including, inter alia, to: 
 
draw up specific rules for national supervisory authorities (“NSAs”) and financial institutions; 
 
develop technical standards, guidelines and recommendations;  
 
monitor how rules are being enforced by NSAs;  
 
take action in emergencies, including the banning of certain products; 
 
mediate and settle disputes between NSAs; 
 
ensure the consistent application of EU law; and  
 
mediate in certain situations and settle disagreements between NSAs, in particular in areas that require 
cooperation, coordination or joint decision-making by supervisory authorities from more than one 
member state of the EU. 
The ESAs are also entitled to address individual decisions directly to the relevant NSAs: 
(a) 
in the course of the settlement of a disagreement between the relevant NSAs which has arisen in relation 
to cross-border situations, where those NSAs have failed to reach an agreement within the time limit set 
by the respective ESA for conciliation; and 
(b) 
in emergency situations declared by the European Council. In addition, in circumstances where an NSA 
fails to apply the relevant directly applicable provisions of EU law or has applied such provisions in a 
way that appears to amount to a breach thereof, the ESAs are empowered to issue a recommendation 
directly to the NSA concerned as to the actions necessary for compliance. In exceptional circumstances 
and subject to further conditions, where the relevant NSA fails to take the actions required by the

--- Page 229 ---
218 
respective ESA, the ESA concerned may adopt decisions directly addressed to individual financial 
institutions as a last resort to ensure compliance with the requirements of the relevant EU legislation. 
Furthermore, the Financial Supervision Package conferred direct supervisory powers on ESMA over credit 
rating agencies established and registered in the EU, including powers to request information, launch 
investigations, and perform on-site inspections. 
The ESRB is responsible for monitoring and assessing potential threats to financial stability that arise from 
macro-economic developments and from developments within the financial system as a whole. To this end, the 
ESRB provides an early warning of system-wide risks that may be building up and, where necessary, issues 
recommendations for action to deal with these risks. 
The Joint Committee of the ESAs serves as a forum in which the ESAs co-operate regularly and closely to 
ensure cross-sector consistency, in particular with respect to financial conglomerates, accounting and auditing 
issues, micro-prudential analyses of cross-sectoral developments, risks to, and vulnerabilities of, financial 
stability and retail investment products. 
Legal changes and implementation of EU legislation 
From 2014, the previous banking act was replaced by the Credit Institutions Act. Its major objectives were to 
recast the previous banking act and to facilitate the adaption of the Hungarian banking system to the unified 
banking standards of the EU (including the implementation of the CRD IV). 
The implementation of other recent EU legislation includes: 
(a) 
the CRD IV;  
(b) 
Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit 
guarantee schemes; 
(c) 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation; 
(d) 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property; 
(e) 
Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of 7 April 2016 supplementing Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to safeguarding of financial instruments and 
funds belonging to clients, product governance obligations and the rules applicable to the provision or 
reception of fees, commissions or any monetary or non-monetary benefits; 
(f) 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the 
“BRRD”) and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
(g) 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy; 
(h) 
Directive 2015/849/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention 
of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering and terrorism financing, and 
Directive 2018/843/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2018 amending

--- Page 230 ---
219 
Directive (EU) 2015/849 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money 
laundering or terrorist financing, and amending Directives 2009/138/EC and 2013/36/EU. 
For further developments in respect of the continuing implementation of the respective EU legislation, please 
see the relevant subsections below. 
Supervision and regulation of the banking system 
The legal framework of the present banking system is based on the Credit Institutions Act, the Investment Firms 
Act and the Capital Markets Act and orders of the Hungarian Government and the Minister responsible for the 
regulation of the financial markets issued in relation to the respective fields. Regulation of the Hungarian 
banking system is fully compliant with the relevant EU regulations, and in some cases it imposes even stricter 
national requirements. 
In the Hungarian banking system, the MNB performs the supervisory functions. The MNB oversees all legal 
entities engaged in providing banking services in Hungary. 
National Bank of Hungary as the central bank of Hungary 
Act CXXXIX of 2013 on the National Bank of Hungary (the “MNB Act”) regulates the MNB and its current 
status in the system of European Central Banks. The MNB controls the volume of money in circulation and 
foreign exchange management and it adopts decisions and resolutions on the governance of the money market, 
interest rates, foreign exchange transactions and the supply of statistics. The MNB requires all lending 
institutions to create reserve funds amounting to a specified portion of their adjusted liabilities. The MNB is 
also responsible for the creation and management of the official reserves in gold and foreign exchange for the 
purpose of maintaining the external stability of the Hungarian economy. 
The MNB designates the payment and securities settlement systems for the purposes of Directive 98/26/EC on 
settlement finality in payment and securities settlement systems and supervises their operation. 
In order to enhance the secure operation of the financial system, the MNB supports the adoption and 
maintenance of an efficient policy on financial stability and the prudential supervision of credit institutions, in 
particular, by identifying those economic risks which endanger the stability of the financial system as a whole. 
The MNB also monitors the operation and liquidity position of, inter alia, systemically important financial 
institutions. To the extent that these are not set out in acts of Parliament or orders of the Government, the MNB 
may determine measures to prevent or mitigate systemic risks, including, inter alia, measures to limit excessive 
credit growth, liquidity requirements aimed at preventing systemic risks from building up, detailed rules on 
countercyclical capital buffers and additional requirements with a view to reducing the probability of default 
by systemically important financial institutions. 
The MNB may, at its discretion, act as a lender of last resort to assist credit institutions facing transitional 
liquidity problems, where such difficulties endanger the stability and smooth operation of the financial system, 
particularly in respect of payment functions. Any loan granted by the MNB to a commercial bank in its lender-
of-last-resort capacity constitutes an unguaranteed obligation on the part of that bank. Furthermore, the MNB 
may also provide liquidity to credit institutions in accordance with the current monetary policy through repo 
transactions. In addition, the MNB has ongoing consultations with banks, and holds on-site audits in its capacity 
as a supervisory organisation. 
Further, the MNB has been designated as an “agency” for the purposes of the functions as set out in Section 1 
of Article V of the Agreement of the International Monetary Fund (the “IMF Agreement”).

--- Page 231 ---
220 
From 2010, the MNB has supported the adoption and maintenance of an efficient policy on the stability of the 
financial system and the prudential supervision of credit institutions, in particular through the identification of 
economic risks which endanger the stability of the financial system as a whole. 
The MNB reviews reports filed by banks and maintains a publicly available database on the Hungarian banking 
system. Furthermore, it continuously evaluates the status and publishes all information regarding the financial 
position and condition of Hungarian credit institutions, as well as with regard to the Hungarian economy. The 
MNB also monitors the compliance of credit institutions with the provisions of the Credit Institutions Act and 
the orders issued by the Governor of the MNB (the “MNB Orders”). 
The European Central Bank and the National Bank of Hungary 
There is no official date indicated by the Hungarian Government for Hungary to become a member of the 
Economic and Monetary Union (“EMU”). Prior to joining the EMU, Hungary needs to accede to the ERM-II 
system. 
Hungary is presently at the second stage of its monetary integration, therefore it still retains the discretion to set 
its own monetary policy. Nevertheless, pursuant to the Treaty of Maastricht, it is bound to follow a strategy of 
convergence. The Governor of the MNB is a member of the Governing Council of the European Central Bank. 
National Bank of Hungary as supervisory authority of the financial intermediary system 
Since 1 October 2013, supervision of the banking sector has been carried out by the MNB as well, as the 
successor of the Hungarian Financial Supervisory Authority. The regulation of the status and organisation of 
the MNB is set out in the MNB Act. Further statutory powers are also conferred on it by other acts regulating 
the different sectors of the Hungarian financial industry. The MNB is a member of the European System of 
Financial Supervisors. 
The MNB has been designated a “competent authority” for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies laying down conditions for issuing credit ratings and rules on the organisation and conduct 
of credit rating agencies to promote their independence and the avoidance of conflicts of interest. 
The MNB is headed by the Governor with the assistance of two or three Deputy-Governors. The Governor and 
the Deputy-Governors of the MNB are appointed by the President of Hungary on the nomination of the Prime 
Minister. The Financial Stability Council supports the efficient operation of the MNB. The Financial Stability 
Council consists of the Governor of the MNB, the Deputy-Governor(s) of the MNB responsible for the 
regulation of the financial, capital and insurance markets and other members appointed by the Governor of the 
MNB.  
The MNB holds wide-ranging powers under the Credit Institutions Act, the Investment Firms Act, the MNB 
Act and the Capital Markets Act to license and supervise the operation of credit institutions. Supervision of 
banking activities in Hungary has strengthened as the banking system has developed.  
The MNB is entitled to launch site audits, to take action in the interest of ensuring compliance with the Credit 
Institutions Act, and to initiate proceedings where non-compliance or, in the case of minimum liquidity 
requirements and the requirement to match asset and liability maturities, the danger of non-compliance has been 
detected. The MNB must conduct comprehensive inspections once every three years including on-site audits at 
banks, specialised credit institutions, insurance companies and reinsurers.  
The MNB can implement a variety of measures to eliminate deficiencies and irregularities detected at lending 
institutions: from notification and enforcement of mandatory decisions, restrictions or bans on certain functions 
of the institution in breach of the regulatory requirements, delegation of administrator, to the ultimate measure

--- Page 232 ---
221 
of withdrawing the operation licence of the credit institution. Apart from the above administrative powers, as 
an exceptional measure, the MNB may also impose a fine for any of the following: infringement of legal 
regulations or MNB Orders pertaining to financial services and supplementary financial services; failure to 
comply with the Credit Institutions Act, MNB decisions, internal rules and regulations of the supervised 
institutions; or late or insufficient compliance with the above. The maximum limit for such fines is specified as 
the higher of a fixed amount not exceeding two billion forints, twice of the amount of the gains or prevented 
losses resulting from breach of law or 10 per cent. of the annual income calculated in the latest consolidated 
financial report determined for the institution concerned. 
In certain cases specified by the Credit Institutions Act, the MNB must employ the exceptional measure of 
delegating  an administrator to a credit institution upon the occurrence of the following events: 
(a) 
the solvency capital of the credit institution does not reach 80 per cent. of the mandatory level prescribed 
by law and the owner or the third-country credit institution is unable, or not willing, to restore the 
solvency capital or the own equity of the credit institution to the mandatory level prescribed by law or 
to the level imposed by the MNB; or 
(b) 
the competent authority, supervising the parent company of the credit institution, notifies the MNB of 
the occurrence of a crisis situation which jeopardises or endangers the financial stability of the parent 
company. 
Further, the MNB is empowered to impose a ban or restriction on the undertaking of commitments by the credit 
institution involved for maximum one year (which can be extended by a half year) or the repayment of deposits 
for a maximum 90-day period. 
The MNB Act confers a power on the Governor of the MNB to make delegated legislation exercisable by order. 
Such power, however, is strictly limited to the subject matters set out in the MNB Act and in the sectoral acts, 
such as detailed rules on the disclosure and reporting obligations of regulated entities, internal controlling 
procedures, etc. Further, orders foreseen to be issued by the Governor of the MNB may not be in contradiction 
to, and may not derogate from, acts of Parliament or orders of the Government. 
The Credit Institutions Act also sets out the cooperation of the supervisory authorities of the relevant EU 
member states in relation to the supervision of cross-border banking groups on a consolidated basis, and 
regulates the functions to be performed by the MNB in its capacity as consolidating supervisor. 
Principles of the National Bank of Hungary 
In order to prevent insolvency and minimise the negative consequences of such after the 2007/2009 global 
financial crisis, it is necessary for the financial institution to continuously maintain their functions in the 
financial system. In order to ensure that, the EU introduced the BRRD implemented in Hungary by the 
Resolution Act on the development of the system of institutions strengthening the security of the individual 
players of the financial intermediary system. 
In order to further strengthen the Hungarian banking system and the stability of the Hungarian financial 
intermediary system, on 14 November 2018, the MNB published (and later annually updated) its principles for 
setting minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (the “MREL Principles”) to provide 
guidance on how the MNB approaches the interpretation of certain regulatory provisions governing the 
determination of minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities within the legislative framework 
of the BRRD and the Resolution Act. Credit institutions and investment firms are obliged to continuously 
comply with the requirements, which require the institutions holding of liabilities of adequate quantity and 
quality to allow their partial or complete write-off or conversion to equity in case of a situation that makes such 
action necessary, therefore ensuring the bearing of losses by owners and creditors as well as the efficiency of

--- Page 233 ---
222 
the resolution actions. The authority which sets such requirements in Hungary is the MNB and the MREL 
Principles covers the following topics: the assumptions based on which MNB determines the size of the 
requirement; the quality of liabilities eligible to meet the requirement; and the lengths of the transitional period 
justified and necessary to comply with the final target. The MNB issued an order in relation to the MREL 
requirements applicable to the Issuer on 5 September 2019.  
Main elements of the Hungarian banking regulations 
The current regulatory framework for the Hungarian banking system is primarily set out in the Credit 
Institutions Act, the Capital Markets Act and the Investment Firms Act, which transposed the relevant EU 
legislation into Hungarian law, including, inter alia, Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”), 
the provisions of Directive 2015/2366/EU on payment services in the internal market (the “PSD2”) and 
Directive 2009/110/EC of 16 September 2009 on the taking up, pursuit and prudential supervision of the 
Business of Electronic Money Institutions (the “Electronic Money Institutions Directive”). Particular 
provisions applicable to specialised credit institutions, such as mortgage credit institutions, are set out in specific 
acts, including the Mortgage Credit Institutions Act. In addition, specific rules not regulated in detail under 
these acts are elaborated in Government orders, MNB Orders or orders issued by the minister responsible for 
the regulation of the financial markets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Basel III 
On 16 December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) published the text of its 
reform package (commonly referred to as “Basel III”, revised in June 2011), which presents the details of 
global regulatory standards on bank capital adequacy and liquidity agreed by the Governors and Heads of 
Supervision, and endorsed by the G20 Leaders at their Seoul summit held in November 2010. Basel III promotes 
two frameworks regarding capital: a global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems 
(the “Capital Guidelines”) and an international framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and 
monitoring (the “Liquidity Guidelines”). 
The Capital Guidelines comprise new standards on minimum Tier 1 capital, the composition of the capital base, 
rules on counterparty risk, a leverage ratio and concepts for countercyclical capital buffers. Basically, the 
reforms raise both the quality and quantity of the regulatory capital base of banks and enhance the risk coverage 
of the capital framework. These reforms are underpinned by the introduction of a simple, transparent, non-risk-
based leverage ratio in relation to banks that serves as a backstop to the risk-based capital measures, which is 
intended to constrain excess leverage in the banking system and to provide an extra layer of protection against 
model risk and measurement error. 
Pursuant to the Capital Guidelines, the predominant form of Tier 1 capital (“Common Equity Tier 1” capital) is 
common shares and retained earnings. The remainder of the Tier 1 capital (“Additional Tier 1” capital) consists 
of instruments that are subordinated, have fully discretionary non-cumulative dividends or coupons and have 
neither a maturity nor an incentive to redeem. Furthermore, the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is 4.5 per cent. of 
risk-weighted assets. Additionally, a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent., comprising Common Equity 
Tier 1, is to be established by the banks above the regulatory minimum capital requirement. Therefore, 
practically, the total common equity requirement of banks is to be 7 per cent. Banks are also subject to a 
countercyclical buffer regime which allows national regulators to require up to another 2.5 per cent. of capital 
during periods of high credit growth.

--- Page 234 ---
223 
Furthermore, under the Capital Guidelines, in addition to the default risk capital requirements for counterparty 
credit risk, the banks are required to add a capital charge to cover the risk of mark-to-market losses on the 
expected counterparty risk (such losses being known as credit value adjustments: “CVA”) to OTC derivatives. 
This strengthens the capital requirements for counterparty credit exposures arising from banks’ OTC 
transactions, provides additional incentives to move OTC derivative contracts to central counterparties and 
generally raises counterparty credit risk management standards. 
Under the Liquidity Guidelines, the BCBS strengthened its liquidity framework by developing two minimum 
standards for funding liquidity. These standards have been developed to achieve two separate but 
complementary objectives. The first objective is to promote short-term resilience of a bank’s liquidity risk 
profile by ensuring that it has sufficient high-quality liquid assets to survive a significant stress scenario lasting 
for one month. The Committee developed the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) to achieve this objective. The 
second objective is to promote resilience over a longer time horizon by creating additional incentives for banks 
to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an ongoing basis. The Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(“NSFR”) has a time horizon of one year and has been developed to provide a sustainable maturity structure of 
assets and liabilities. The LCR, including any revisions, was introduced on 1 January 2015. The NSFR, 
including any revisions, moved to a minimum standard by 1 January 2018. 
EU legislation 
As regards the European Union, the current EU framework for regulatory capital is primarily set out in the CRR 
and CRD IV. The CRD IV aims to ensure the soundness and stability of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms, on the basis of the three-pillar structure of the Basel II (Revised) Capital Framework. 
CRD IV was implemented in Hungary by the Credit Institutions Act which applied from 1 January 2014. 
The CRR provides a single rule book, directly applicable in all EU member states, and sets out a single set of 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms with uniform application throughout the 
EU. CRR requires banks to have set aside enough capital to cover unexpected losses and keep themselves 
solvent in a crisis. As a main principle, the amount of capital required depends on the risk attached to the assets 
of a particular bank. This is referred to as the “own funds requirement” and is expressed as a percentage of risk-
weighted assets. In other words, the riskier the assets, the more capital the bank has to set aside. 
The own funds consist of the following: 
(i) 
Tier 1 capital which consists of the sum of the following: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital made up of capital instruments, share premium accounts, 
retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income, other reserves, funds for general 
banking risk after application of some adjustments and deductions; and 
 
Additional Tier 1 capital which consists of capital instruments, under the conditions laid down in 
Article 52(1) of CRR and share premium accounts related to the instruments referred to in this 
bullet after application of adjustments. 
(ii) 
Tier 2 capital, which includes capital instruments and subordinated loans under the conditions laid down 
in Article 63 of CRR, the share premium accounts related to instruments referred to in this bullet and 
some adjustments depending on the method of calculating risk-weighted exposure amounts. 
A total amount of capital that banks and investment firms are required to hold should be equal to at least 8 per 
cent. of the total risk exposure amount. The share that has to be of the highest quality capital - common equity 
tier 1 should make up 4.5 per cent. of the institution's own funds.

--- Page 235 ---
224 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 (the “CRR II”) covers, among others things, the leverage ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, credit risk, exposures and reporting requirements. While the CRR II entered into force on 27 
June 2019, the majority of its provisions were applied only from 28 June 2021.  
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital 
Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the “CRD V”) 
governs exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures. Hungary implemented the provisions of 
the CRD V by way of an amendment to Act CCXXXVII of 2013 on Credit Institutions and Financial 
Undertakings. 
The amendment to the BRRD, i.e. Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the “BRRD II”), addresses the need for 
proportionality of bail-in related rules to ensure the effectiveness of the bail-in tool in a cross-border resolution 
and to promote equal treatment between EU and third-country creditors. The provisions of the BRRD II have 
been implemented in Hungary by the Resolution Act. 
Implementation of the relevant EU legislation by Hungary 
The capital adequacy requirements set out in the CRD IV have been transposed into Hungarian law through the 
Credit Institutions Act and its various amendments, as well as orders issued by the Hungarian Government and 
the minister responsible for the regulation of the financial markets. 
Pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act, banks must maintain a registered capital of at least HUF 4 billion 
(approximately EUR 11 million). The minimum registered capital requirement amounts to at least HUF 3 billion 
(approximately EUR 8.2 million) for mortgage credit institutions as a type of specialised credit institution. The 
amount of a credit institution’s equity may not be less than the statutory minimum amount of its registered 
capital. In the event of the amount of a credit institution’s equity falling below the registered capital, the MNB 
may afford the credit institution a maximum 18-month deadline to bring its equity to the required level. 
In order to maintain its solvency and ability to satisfy its liabilities, a credit institution must at all times maintain 
own funds adequate to cover the risk of the financial and investment activities it engages in. 
The institution's own funds must at all times be equal to, or exceed, the sum of: 
(a) 
8 per cent. of its total risk-weighted exposure, calculated in accordance with the relevant provisions of 
the CRR, for its credit risk; 
(b) 
the capital requirement for its dilution risk; 
(c) 
the capital requirement for counterparty credit risk in relation to items booked in, and out of, its trading 
book; 
(d) 
the capital charge for position risk and large exposures in its trading book; 
(e) 
the capital charge for foreign exchange and commodities risk throughout all of its business activities; 
and 
(f) 
the capital requirement for operational risk inherent in all of its business lines,

--- Page 236 ---
225 
which may not in any event be less than the minimum amount of its registered capital. 
The CRR provides for two broad methodologies to quantify a bank’s risk-weighted exposure: the Standardised 
Method and the Internal Ratings Based Approach. The Standardised Method enables the credit institution to 
measure its risks in a standardised manner on the basis of the principles laid down in the CRR. Pursuant to this 
method, each exposure must be categorised into an exposure class, linked to the respective risk category. 
Alternatively, the Internal Ratings Based Approach, subject to the explicit approval of MNB, allows banks to 
use their internal rating systems. 
Trading Book 
A trading book consists of positions in financial instruments and commodities held either with trading intent or 
in order to hedge other elements of the trading book. Positions held with trading intent are those held 
intentionally for short-term resale and/or with the intention of benefiting from actual or expected short-term 
price movements or to lock in arbitrage profits, including proprietary positions, positions arising from client 
servicing and market making. To be eligible for trading book capital treatment, financial instruments must either 
be free of any restrictive covenants on their tradability or be able to be hedged completely. In addition, positions 
should be frequently and accurately valued, and the portfolio should be actively managed. 
In order to ascertain a credit institution’s capital requirements in respect of positions booked in the trading book, 
there must be clearly defined policies and procedures in place in order to determine which exposures to include 
in, and to exclude from, the trading book. Systems and control mechanisms must be sufficient to provide prudent 
and reliable valuation estimates. 
The regulation of credit institutions’ trading activities and the trading book are set out in the Investment Firms 
Act and the related Government orders (implementing MiFID II and the relevant provisions of CRD IV). 
General Reserves 
A credit institution must create general reserves against the possibility of losses not yet identified by setting 
aside 10 per cent. of its Profit After Tax prior to paying dividends. The funds so set aside may be used only to 
offset the losses incurred by the credit institution from its business activities. (Upon request, a credit institution 
may be exempted by the MNB from the obligation to create general reserves, provided that the amount of the 
credit institution’s own funds are at least equal to 150 per cent. of the minimal amount of own funds as set out 
in CRR and any additional capital required by the regulator and if it has no negative profit reserves.) 
Minimum liquidity requirements 
The LCR are monitored by the MNB from the beginning of 2012 on a quarterly basis but since 2013, the LCR 
have been switched to monthly monitoring. Based on the EU legislation, the MNB ensures that a bank maintains 
an adequate level of high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 
30-calendar-day time horizon under a significantly severe liquidity pre-specified stress scenario. The liquidity 
coverage ratio - unencumbered high-quality assets against net cash outflows over a 30-day stress period – has 
been phased-in gradually, starting at 60 per cent. in 2015 and reached 100 per cent. in 2016. 
For a stable financing market, it is essential for credit institutions to apply stable and long-term foreign currency 
resources. MNB Order No. 14/2014. (V. 19.) (the “MNB Order I”) establishes that, from 1 January 2016, the 
foreign currency ratio shall at all times reach 100 per cent., calculated according to the MNB Order I based on 
quarterly reporting to the MNB. Furthermore, according to MNB Order No. 25/2015. (VII. 30.), the absolute 
value of a credit institution’s foreign currency indicator must not exceed 0.1 from 24 March 2020. 
MNB Order No. 20/2021. (VI. 23.) (the “MNB Order II”) deals with retail mortgage loans financed by the 
issuance of mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage bonds and other similar instruments are considered to be 
stable, long-term resources with relatively low funding costs due to their favourable risk rating. Financings with

--- Page 237 ---
226 
longer term securities also reduce the interest rate risks. The scope of the MNB Order II covers credit institutions 
and credit institution groups, with some exceptions. Pursuant to MNB Order II, the mortgage-backed financing 
compliance indicator at all times shall be 0.25 from 1 July 2021 and 0.3 from 1 October 2022 based on quarterly 
reporting to the MNB. 
Capital Buffers 
In addition to the mandatory CET1 capital requirement set out in CRR, pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act 
implementing CRD IV, all banks are required to hold certain capital buffers to ensure that they accumulate a 
sufficient capital base in prosperous times to enable them to absorb losses in the event of a crisis. 
Capital conservation buffer 
Banks have to hold a capital conservation buffer in order to preserve a bank’s capital. If a bank does not comply 
with this buffer, it will have to limit or stop payments of dividends or bonuses. The capital conservation buffer 
for Hungarian credit institutions is 2.5 per cent. of total risk exposure. 
Countercyclical capital buffer 
The countercyclical capital buffer is a prudential tool to counteract the effects of the economic cycle on banks’ 
lending activity. It requires a bank to have an additional amount of capital (CET 1) in good times, when credit 
growth is strong, so that when the economic cycle turns, and economic activity slows down or even contracts, 
this buffer can be released to allow the bank to keep lending to the real economy. The countercyclical capital 
buffer for credit institutions that have exposures from loans granted in Hungary may extend to 2.5 per cent. of 
the total risk exposure. This could be increased by the MNB if the loans to deposits ratio is high or there are 
material adverse tendencies in the macroeconomic environment. 
Other systemically important institutions (O-SII) buffer 
This buffer applies to domestically important institutions as well as institutions of EU importance. Hungarian 
credit institutions identified as O-SII by the MNB must maintain at individual, sub-consolidated or consolidated 
level, as the case may be, an O-SII capital buffer of 1 to 3.5 per cent. of total risk exposure (depending on the 
categorisation of the relevant credit institution). The O-SII buffer applies to the Issuer. 
Systemic risk buffer 
The MNB is entitled to instruct credit institutions to maintain a systemic risk buffer of CET 1 capital to prevent 
and mitigate long-term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks, which may have serious negative 
effects on the economy. The minimum rate of the systemic risk buffer is 1 per cent. 
Large Exposures 
The so-called “large exposures” are the exposures of an institution to a single client or a group of connected 
clients, representing more than 10 per cent. of its eligible capital (therefore “large” compared to an institution’s 
overall sources of capital). Pursuant to CRR, a large exposure cannot exceed 25 per cent. of the institution’s 
eligible capital (or EUR 150 million, whichever is higher). The purpose of this limit is to protect institutions 
from significant losses caused by the sudden default of an individual counterparty or a group of connected 
counterparties. 
Regulation on Transactions 
In addition to the provisions on capital adequacy, the Credit Institutions Act imposes other requirements and 
restrictions on credit institutions, including reporting obligations and liquidity requirements, and contains 
limitations on exposures related to the acquisition of ownership in companies and real estate, as well as other 
forms of investment restrictions. The Credit Institutions Act also sets out requirements as to the fitness, probity 
and competence of the credit institutions’ personnel.

--- Page 238 ---
227 
Implementation of the Payment Services Directive 
The PSD2 provides the legal framework for payments in the European Economic Area and a single market for 
Euro payments, known as the Single Euro Payment Area (“SEPA”). SEPA aims to create an integrated market 
for payment services in EUR, with a common set of business rules and technical standards for non-cash 
payments (i.e. credit transfers and direct debits), where all EUR payments are treated equally, and the 
differentiation between domestic and cross-border transactions disappears. PSD2 also seeks to improve 
competition by providing access to new players, thus fostering greater efficiency and cost reduction. 
The PSD2 was implemented into Hungarian law as from 13 January 2018, when Act CXLVI of 2017 amending 
Act LXXXV of 2009 on the Provision of Payment Services (the “Payment Services Act”) and Act CCXXXV 
of 2013 on Certain Payment Service Providers (the “Payment Service Providers Act”) came into force. 
The Payment Services Act lays down the requirements set out in the PSD2 in order for the Hungarian payment 
system to be compatible with SEPA. The Payment Services Act has established a comprehensive set of rules 
applicable to payment services provided within the territory of Hungary in relation to both domestic and cross-
border payments within the EEA, with enhanced transparency as regards the conditions of payment services. 
The Payment Services Act imposes various disclosure obligations on payment service providers, which may 
not be derogated from by contract where the customer is a consumer or a micro enterprise (within the meaning 
defined therein). Effective from 13 January 2018, the MNB has adopted further rules in connection with the 
regime of payment services established by the Payment Services Act in its No 35/2017 (XII. 14.) Order on the 
execution of payments. Based on this regulation, the instant payment system (“azonnali fizetési rendszer”) has 
been available from 2 March 2020 for customers. The system is operated by the state-owned Hungarian 
financial services provider, GIRO Zrt. The instant payment system processes credit transfers and other payments 
within a maximum of five seconds with a maximum of 24 hours of system maintenance per year. Payments 
may be initiated up to HUF 10,000,000 (approx. EUR 27,430) via the instant payment system. 
In addition to the already existing category of payment institutions, the amendment to the Payment Service 
Providers Act has introduced new categories of payment service providers, being the electronic money issuance 
institution and the voucher issuer. 
In the instant payment system, all domestic transfers of money for individuals (unless the order was issued in a 
paper format or the order was issued with a value date different from the issue date) sending up to HUF 
10,000,000 take place within five seconds at any time of the day, seven days a week. Service providers have 
only 24 hours during a period when the volume of business is the lowest for down time during every calendar 
year, of which clients must be notified in advance. Transfers by legal entities will fall under the new obligatory 
rules if they transfer up to HUF 10,000,000 in individual transfers that are not submitted in bundles. The system 
was launched successfully on 2 March 2020. The system is intended to be a competition of traditional payment 
cards (such as Visa, MasterCard), cash and the so-called yellow cheques (used to pay utilities at post offices). 
Consumer protection legislation in the financial sector 
EU legislation on consumer protection in respect of financial services 
Directive 2008/48/EC of the European Parliament and the Council of 23 April 2008 on credit agreements for 
consumers (the “Consumer Credit Directive”) sets out additional obligations on any natural or legal person 
who grants credit to consumers in the course of his trade, business or profession, including credit institutions. 
Certain types of credit agreements, such as loans secured by a mortgage on real estate, are excluded from the 
scope of the Consumer Credit Directive. By focusing on transparency and consumer rights, the Consumer Credit 
Directive ensures that comprehensive information is given to consumers in good time and before the contract 
is concluded and also as part of the credit agreement.

--- Page 239 ---
228 
In order to enhance the comparability of different offers and to make the information more understandable, the 
pre-contractual information needs to be supplied in a standardised form (Standard European Consumer Credit 
Information), which must be used by every creditor (as defined in the Consumer Credit Directive) when 
marketing consumer credit in any Member State. Further, the Consumer Credit Directive imposes significantly 
more stringent obligations on creditors in respect of both the disclosure and calculation of the Annual Percentage 
Rate of Charge (as harmonised at the EU level, hereinafter referred to as “APR”), representing the total costs 
of the credit. 
Moreover, the Consumer Credit Directive tightens the requirements for assessing the creditworthiness of 
consumers. In addition, the Consumer Credit Directive introduces two essential rights for consumers: 
(a) 
they are allowed to withdraw from the credit agreement without giving any reason within a period of 14 
days after the conclusion of the contract; and 
(b) 
they are entitled to make early repayment at any time, with limitations on creditors’ rights to 
compensation for the losses incurred because of the prepayment by the consumer. 
Laws on consumer protection in Hungary 
The recent Hungarian legislation, aimed at enhancing the protection of consumers in financial markets, 
implemented the Consumer Credit Directive, further narrowed the scope for unilateral amendments by credit 
institutions in respect of consumer credit agreements, and imposed other restrictions with a view to protecting 
the weaker party. 
The Consumer Credit Directive has been implemented into Hungarian law by Act CLXII of 2009 on Consumer 
Credits (the “Consumer Credit Act”) and Government Order No. 361/2009 (XII. 30.) on the Requirements of 
Prudent Retail Lending and on the Assessment of Creditworthiness (the “Consumer Credit Order”). 
As the Consumer Credit Act implements Directive 2014/17/EU on credit agreements for consumers relating to 
residential immovable property (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”), its provisions also apply to mortgage-
backed loans and financial lease agreements. Both the Consumer Credit Act and the Consumer Credit Order 
have been amended a number of times to reflect policy changes, as well as to make certain clarifications. 
The most important implications concern prepayments and the assessment of creditworthiness and, after the 
entering into of Act V of 2013 on the Civil Code (the “New Civil Code”), the obligation of credit institutions 
to provide the required information to the borrower. Furthermore, there are newly introduced limits in respect 
of the amount of the APR and any unilateral amendment of the credit agreement by the credit institution. 
As regards prepayments, the Consumer Credit Act imposes significant limitations on, and conditions for, a 
credit institution recovering its losses, stemming from the consumer borrower repaying the loan, in whole or in 
part, earlier than its scheduled maturity. 
In the event of a prepayment made by a relevant borrower in respect of a consumer mortgage-backed loan, the 
credit institution is entitled to compensation for the costs deriving from the borrower’s prepayment. Such 
compensation however is capped at (a) 1.5 per cent. of the prepaid amount; or (b) 2 per cent. of the same in the 
case of consumer loans funded by mortgage bonds, including loans refinanced by mortgage credit institutions, 
where the prepayment falls within a period during which the interest rate is a fixed rate, or within the respective 
interest rate period in respect of loans with a floating rate.  
In addition, the Consumer Credit Act gives consumers that are over 90 days in default on payments under their 
mortgage-backed loans the right to apply for an extension of the relevant housing mortgage loan term by a 
maximum period of five years. Such applications may be made one time only during the term of the relevant 
mortgage-backed loan and may not be refused by the respective creditors without good reason.

--- Page 240 ---
229 
New requirements on credit rating 
The provisions set out in the Consumer Credit Order apply to credit agreements, loan agreements, and financial 
lease agreements concluded with natural persons in the territory of Hungary by financial or payment institutions 
(as also defined in the Credit Institutions Act respectively) in the course of their lending activity. 
Some types of credit and loan agreements are excluded from the scope of the Consumer Credit Order, such as: 
 
amendments to, or the rescheduling of, existing credit agreements (where the creditor will not charge 
any fees), stemming from the default or solvency problems on the part of natural person borrowers, 
provided that the total amount of the borrower’s existing debt does not increase as a result of such 
alterations and the modified credit is (a) denominated in HUF or EUR, or made as a EUR-based loan, 
where the credit was originally disbursed as a EUR-denominated or EUR-based loan, or a loan 
denominated in a currency other than HUF or EUR; (b) denominated in HUF if the credit was initially 
denominated in HUF; or (c) denominated in Swiss Francs if the credit was initially denominated in Swiss 
Francs; 
 
certain refinancing credits (where the creditor will not charge any fees), granted by the same creditor as 
the one providing the original credit or loan on which the natural person borrower is in default, provided 
that the refinancing transaction does not lead to such further indebtedness of the natural person borrower 
which exceeds the amount reasonable to restore their solvency; and 
 
certain other credit agreements with specific purposes or collaterals as determined therein. 
The provisions of the Consumer Credit Order do not apply to those credits which are provided to refinance a 
natural person borrower’s debts, existing at the time of the Consumer Credit Order coming into force, by a 
creditor other than the one providing the original credit or loan being refinanced, insofar as such a transaction 
does not lead to an increase in the total amount of the natural person borrower’s indebtedness, existing at the 
time of the refinancing credit under the original credit, and the new credit is: (a) denominated in HUF or EUR, 
or provided as a EUR-based credit, where the credit was originally provided as a EUR-denominated or EUR-
based credit, or a credit denominated in a currency other than HUF or EUR; (b) denominated in HUF if the 
credit was initially denominated in HUF; or (c) denominated in Swiss Francs, or provided as a Swiss Francs 
based credit, if the original credit was denominated in Swiss Francs or provided as a Swiss Francs based credit. 
Limitations set out in the Consumer Credit Order on the amount of repayment instalments under foreign 
currency denominated loans and the requirements on the internal credit rating policies of creditors, however, 
will be applicable also to such transactions. 
Provisions on internal credit rating procedures 
The Consumer Credit Order sets out tightened requirements on the internal credit rating procedures of creditors. 
The new provisions, inter alia, impose an obligation on them to assess the creditworthiness of the natural person 
borrower in each and every case. 
Creditors falling within the scope of the Consumer Credit Order are obliged to adopt internal rules and 
regulations on credit rating, especially in relation to determining procedures and methods for the establishment 
of credit limits for natural person borrowers, and should also determine what information the borrower shall 
provide in order to determine its credit rating. The calculation of such limits has to be based on the income of 
the natural person borrowers and the credit limits must be based on such income. In case of mortgage-backed 
loans, the creditor must take into account the necessary, sufficient and proportionate information in relation to 
the borrower’s financial and economic circumstances and its expenditures. 
Further, creditors must provide natural person borrowers, before the assessment of their creditworthiness, with 
the guidance published on the website of the MNB on the risks associated with excessive indebtedness.

--- Page 241 ---
230 
Tightened regime for the calculation and disclosure of the APR 
As regards the calculation and disclosure of the APR, Government Order No. 83/2010 (III. 25.) on the 
determination, calculation and disclosure of the annual percentage rate of charge (the “APR Order”) 
implements the relevant provisions of the Consumer Credit Directive. The APR Order also covers mortgage 
credit and financial lease arrangements provided to natural person borrowers. The APR Order, inter alia, 
significantly broadens the scope of those expenses which must be included when calculating all costs related to 
a credit. These expenses include, but are not limited to: 
(a) 
fees and commissions payable to credit intermediaries (if applicable); 
(b) 
charges for ancillary services, especially fees for account maintenance and transfers, known by the 
creditor and the costs of those services tied to the consumer credit by contract (where applicable); and 
(c) 
costs of proceedings before the land registry office (where applicable). 
When calculating the APR, it should also be taken into account if the loan was repaid in compliance with the 
terms of the loan agreement. 
APR cap on retail credits and pricing restrictions in respect of retail mortgage loans 
The Consumer Credit Act, inter alia: 
(a) 
prohibits financial institutions from granting any loan (except for Household Credits (as defined below)) 
to consumers the APR of which exceeds the base rate (published by the MNB and prevailing on the day 
immediately preceding the relevant half calendar year) plus 24 per cent.; and 
(b) 
imposes a cap on APRs, whereby the APR in respect of current account overdrafts, credit lines attached 
to credit cards or loans provided to finance the purchase of common household equipment items (except 
for cars), durable consumer goods or everyday household services and loans secured by a pledge on 
assets, which are in each case granted to consumers (the “Household Credits”) may not exceed the base 
rate (published by the MNB and prevailing on the day immediately preceding the relevant half calendar 
year) plus 39 per cent. 
In addition, the Consumer Credit Act introduces further restrictions on the ability of financial institutions to set 
their prices and recoup their costs in respect of loans granted to consumers by, inter alia, limiting: 
(a) 
the manner in which financial institutions may set and modify interest rates on loans by setting out that 
credit institutions must, unless otherwise provided by legislative instruments, (i) apply publicly available 
reference rates or reference yields specified in the Consumer Credit Act, or (ii) apply fixed interest rates 
for three-year periods;  
(b) 
the grounds on which financial institutions may modify margins applied over statutory reference rates 
to the detriment of borrowers under such loans; 
(c) 
the rights of financial institutions charging regular costs, fees and other interest-like charges to borrowers 
under such loans and the extent to which irregular charges or costs on such loans may be increased; and 
(d) 
any modifications in the prices (which is only permitted if the Consumer Credit Act so permits or the 
parties expressly specified the right of such modifications in the relevant loan agreement). 
If the conditions for a unilateral amendment of the loan agreement allow for a reduction of the interest rate, the 
margin, the cost or the fee, the creditor must apply it as part of its contractual obligations towards the consumer. 
If a loan with a maturity of up to three years bears, for its entire term, either a fixed interest rate or a floating 
interest rate, then the term of the credit and the interest rate may not be modified unilaterally by the financial 
institution.

--- Page 242 ---
231 
If a reference interest rate is applied in a credit agreement, the reference interest rate must be periodically 
adjusted to the reference rate effective on the second day prior to the last business day of the month preceding 
the next interest payment date. A financial institution may change the reference rate (as published on the website 
of the MNB) up to five times. 
A financial institution may only amend the rate of interest, the interest rate margin, costs and fees unilaterally 
to the disadvantage of the consumer, if such amendment was expressly stipulated in the credit agreement. Other 
conditions, including the clause for unilateral amendment, may not be amended unilaterally to the disadvantage 
of the consumer. 
In the event the consumer fails to make a payment when it is due, the default interest charged by the financial 
institution must not, for the duration of the delay, exceed 1.5 times the interest rate applicable to the original 
transaction plus 3 per cent., and must not exceed the maximum amount of the APR set out in the loan agreement. 
EU Directive on retail residential lending 
On 4 February 2014, the European Parliament and the Council published Mortgage Credit Directive, which 
covers credit agreements secured by a mortgage or another security interest, loans to purchase a property and 
certain credits for financing the renovation of a property. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive introduces strict requirements for the provision of pre-contractual information 
to consumers on available mortgage products, in particular with respect to foreign currency loans, and an 
obligation on the part of creditors to appropriately assess the retail borrowers’ ability to repay the relevant loan, 
taking into account their personal circumstances, on the basis of sufficient information. It also imposes a duty 
on creditors to assess the creditworthiness of consumers so as to ensure that borrowers can meet their repayment 
obligations. The Mortgage Credit Directive also establishes conduct of business principles that ensure that 
lenders and credit intermediaries act honestly and transparently in the consumer’s interests. The Mortgage 
Credit Directive was implemented into Hungarian law by various laws, including the Consumer Credit Act, the 
New Civil Code and the Credit Institutions Act. 
Income-based repayment instalments 
To further enhance the protection of the consumers and to increase the confidence in the lending industry, 
another recent legislation imposed restrictions on the amount of loan and repayment instalments by adopting 
MNB Order No. 32/2014. (IX. 10.), effective from 1 January 2015. Such order establishes that in case of a 
HUF-denominated mortgage-backed loan, the total amount of the loan must not exceed 80 per cent. of the value 
of the real estate at the time of the credit application. In respect of EUR-denominated mortgage-backed loans, 
such amount must not exceed 50 per cent. of the value of the real estate and, in case of other currencies, 35 per 
cent. is the applicable rate. 
The income-based repayment instalment is a ratio defined as being the monthly debt service to the net monthly 
income of the consumer. If the net monthly income is less than HUF 500.000, the income based repayment 
instalment shall not be more than 50 per cent. in case of a HUF-denominated loan, 25 per cent. in case of a 
EUR-denominated loan and 10 per cent. in respect of other currencies. If the net monthly income is equal to or 
more than HUF 500,000, the income-based repayment instalment shall not be more than 60 per cent. in case of 
a HUF-denominated loan, 30 per cent. in case of a EUR-denominated loan and 15 per cent. in respect of other 
currencies. 
Other protective measures 
The scope of Act XXXVIII of 2014 on the decision of the Supreme Court on the settlement of certain issues 
related to consumer loan agreements of financial institutions (the "Curia Act") are consumer loan agreements 
entered into between 1 May 2004 and the date of entry into force of the Curia Act. Pursuant to the Curia Act, a 
contractual condition in a consumer loan agreement that stipulates that a different exchange rate will be applied

--- Page 243 ---
232 
at the time of the disbursement and repayment is null and void (except if such terms were individually 
negotiated). Furthermore, in case the loan agreement contains a unilateral right of amendment in relation to the 
increase of interest rate, costs and expenses, then it is presumed that such clause is unfair. 
The Ministry of National Economy also introduced a couple of orders important in respect of the protection of 
the consumers’ position. Order No. 56/2014. (XII. 31.) regulates the rules concerning the provision of 
information to consumers, while Order No. 3/2016. (I. 7.) establishes such rules in relation to mortgage-backed 
loans. 
The most popular initiative aimed to consumers was introduced by Government Order No. 16/2016. (II. 10.) 
and 17/2016. (II. 10.) (the so-called “CSOK” in Hungarian), a special discount and support for families for 
purchasing real estate, involving certain obligations in childbearing.  
In order to encourage married couples for bearing and upbringing children, the State offers them from 1 July 
2019 a loan on favourable terms with an interest subsidy and a child-bearing support. Based on the Government 
Order No. 44/2019. (III.112.), the maximum amount of the loan is HUF 10 million for a maximum duration of 
20 years. For those taking the loan, a prepayment fee or cost must not be charged. In certain cases, the supported 
persons may request the repayment to be suspended for a period of time. The supported persons do not pay an 
interest or costs for the loan during the interest subsidy period as the Treasury will pay such amounts to the 
credit institutions instead of them. The amount of support will be cleared between the relevant credit institution 
and the Treasury and the credit institution will receive an amount of 0.3 per cent.to 0.8 per cent. of the duly 
disbursed loan to compensate for its expenses. 
Other restrictions 
The Consumer Credit Act, the New Civil Code and the Credit Institutions Act give rights to financial institutions 
to effect unilateral amendments to existing loan agreements and financial lease agreements entered into between 
credit institutions and retail customers.  
The Credit Institutions Act imposes certain restrictions on the provision of small-amount credits with 
significantly high APRs, as well as on the way of taking security interests in relation to agreements concluded 
with consumers. For instance, agreements concluded with consumers which provide the financial institution 
with a call option for security purposes in respect of a residential property are null and void in-so-far as the 
consumer obligor habitually lives in the property so pledged. 
Measures related to the COVID-19 outbreak 
In response to the COVID-19, pandemic the Hungarian Government adopted several measures related to the 
enforcement of loan obligations, a payment moratorium and a special tax. For further detail on these measures, 
please refer to the “Description of the OTP Group's Business – Recent developments– Impact of COVID-19” 
section of this Base Prospectus.  
Legislative and Financial Measures Intended to Stabilise the Markets as a Response to the 2007/2009 
Global Financial Crisis 
Financial Measures 
New monetary policy instruments 
In response to the 2007/2009 global financial crisis, the MNB introduced several monetary policy instruments, 
such as swap and credit facility tenders aiming to enhance EUR and HUF liquidity in the Hungarian banking 
sector.

--- Page 244 ---
233 
Enhanced Deposit Insurance and other funds 
In response to the 2007/2009 global financial crisis, with effect from 1 January 2011, the guarantee provided 
by the National Deposit Insurance Fund (in Hungarian: “Országos Betétbiztosítási Alap”) (the “Fund I”) on 
the so-called “registered” (in Hungarian: “névre szóló”) bank account deposits (as defined in the Credit 
Institutions Act) placed with domestic credit institutions (being members of the Fund I) was extended to an 
aggregate amount of EUR 100,000 per person. 
The Investor Protection Fund (the “Fund II”) was established on 14 April 1997 with a membership of every 
entity that is authorised to conduct activities under the National Money and Capital Markets Supervisory 
Authority, as the then competent supervisory authority. The operation of the Fund II is regulated by the Capital 
Markets Act and is responsible for paying the amount of compensation for investors specified by the Capital 
Markets Act as being such secured liabilities which are based on agreements concluded with the member of the 
Fund II and the investor after 1 July 1997 in relation to assets (securities, money) registered under the name of 
the investor but in the possession of the member of the Fund II. 
The Resolution Fund (the “Fund III”) is financed by credit institutions and investment firms and was founded 
in order to further strengthen the financial stability in Hungary. With such institution, the costs of the crisis in 
the financial sector are no longer financed by the taxpayers, but the market participants. Its main task is to bear 
the costs of the recovery and the institutional crisis management pursuant to the Resolution Act. 
The Damage Settlement Fund (the “Fund IV”) was established by Act CCXIV of 2015 for maintaining the 
capital market stability and the trust in the investment service providers. The purpose of the Fund IV is to settle 
claims as defined in Act CCXIV of 2015 and to enforce claims in relation to claims transferred to it. 
Legislative Measures 
Financial Stabilisation Act 
The main legislative step in respect of financial stabilisation was the enactment of Act CIV of 2008 on 
Enhancing the Stability of the Financial Intermediary System (the “Financial Stabilisation Act”). The 
Financial Stabilisation Act introduced certain stabilisation measures which may be applied to credit institutions 
having their registered seat in Hungary. 
The main measure under the Financial Stabilisation Act is recapitalisation, which may be applied on the 
recommendation of the Governor of the MNB to inject new capital in the credit institution (a) upon the request, 
or with the approval, of the credit institution or (b) without the request and approval of the credit institution. If 
the recapitalisation is carried out upon the request, or with the approval, of the credit institution, then it must (i) 
issue “dividend preference share(s)” and “voting preference share(s) with special veto right” (for details see 
description below) to the Hungarian State and (ii) conclude an agreement with the Hungarian State which must 
provide for, among other things, the nominal value and the issue value of the two classes of preferential shares, 
the right of the Hungarian State to delegate board members, limitations on the remuneration of the senior 
officers of the credit institution until the ownership of the Hungarian State terminates and the detailed rules on 
exercising the put option and the call option by the respective parties (as indicated below). The dividend 
preference share(s): (A) entitle the Hungarian State to a priority payment of a higher amount of dividend 
compared to other shareholders; (B) are non-voting; (C) include a call option for the credit institution; and (D) 
include a put option for the Hungarian State towards the credit institution after five years from the issue date of 
those shares. The Hungarian State cannot otherwise sell these shares. The voting preference share with special 
veto right may only be issued to the Hungarian State. It does not entitle the holder to dividends; but it provides 
for a veto right at the shareholders’ meeting with respect to resolutions: (I) on the payment of dividends; (II) 
which are subject to the approval of the majority of holders of the voting preference share class(es); and (III) 
which may only be passed with 75 per cent. majority vote. Veto rights may not be exercised against certain 
types of resolutions detailed in the Financial Stabilisation Act.

--- Page 245 ---
234 
Special bank tax 
Legislative measures, aimed at enhancing financial stability, imposed a special extra tax on certain financial 
institutions, including credit institutions (the “Extra Tax”). Although the original intention was to introduce 
the Extra Tax for a temporary period between 2010 and 2012, the tax has become a permanent additional charge 
for financial institutions. In the case of credit institutions, the tax base is the adjusted balance sheet total, 
calculated according to IFRS or Hungarian accounting rules, of the second financial year prior to the actual tax 
year (the “Tax Base”). The Extra Tax is currently set as 0.15 per cent. of the Tax Base up to HUF 50 billion, 
while a 0.2 per cent. tax rate applies to that part of the Tax Base which exceeds HUF 50 billion. 
Transaction duty on the payment services sector 
A transaction duty under Act CXVI of 2012 on Financial Transaction Duty (the “Payment Transaction Duty”) 
applies to most payment transactions (e.g. transfers, direct debits, most card payments, money remittances, cash 
withdrawals from payment accounts, letters of credit, cheque remittances, currency exchange, repayment of 
loans, etc.) with certain exceptions, such as transfers between the payment accounts of an account holder 
managed by the same payment service provider (including credit institutions), interbank payments (payments 
through a payment service provider from a payment account held by another payment service provider, financial 
institution, investment firm, investment fund or investment fund manager). As of 1 January 2019, in case of 
transfers initiated by private individuals, only the amount in excess of HUF 20,000 is subject to Payment 
Transaction Duty. The charging of fees and commissions by financial service providers is also subject to 
Payment Transaction Duty. 
The Payment Transaction Duty is, in most cases, payable by the payor’s relevant payment service provider (in 
the case of letters of credit, the Payment Transaction Duty is imposed on the issuing bank; in the case of money 
remittances, it is payable by the payment service provider used; and, as to cheque remittances, by the issuer’s 
relevant payment service provider). The general tax rate is 0.3 per cent. of the amount by which the payment 
account of the paying party is charged with the maximum of HUF 6,000 payable per transaction. For cash 
withdrawals, an increased rate of 0.6 per cent. applies without an upper cap. With respect to payments by card, 
a flat rate of HUF 800 (HUF 500 for contactless cards) applies per card and per annum.  
Limitations in respect of foreign currency credits 
The extensive foreign currency mortgage lending, which was prevalent in the years preceding the 2007/2009 
global financial crisis, has led to large stocks of foreign currency denominated loans to borrowers without 
matching foreign currency income. The global financial crisis and the consequential significant depreciation of 
HUF against foreign currencies (especially in respect of the Swiss Franc) in the period of the global financial 
crisis have led to materially heavier and excessive debt servicing burdens on the part of households on foreign 
currency denominated residential mortgage loans, which, in turn, has resulted in increased delinquency rates 
on such loans, particularly in respect of those denominated in Swiss Francs. 
Act LXXV of 2011 introduced certain restrictions on the conversion rates that may be applied by financial 
institutions in relation to housing loans granted to, and financial lease agreements where a residential home is 
leased are concluded with, consumers, where such loans or the financing provided under such financial lease 
agreements are accounted, or have been disbursed, in a foreign currency with repayments denominated, and to 
be fulfilled, in HUF. Further limitations were imposed on the manner in which costs of credit may be charged 
to borrowers in relation to foreign currency denominated loans granted to consumers and to be serviced in HUF.  
Under Act LXXV of 2011, the transitional statutory ban on foreign currency denominated retail mortgage 
lending was lifted with effect from 1 July 2011; nevertheless, foreign currency denominated mortgage lending 
is still subject to strict conditions.

--- Page 246 ---
235 
In addition, an early repayment scheme was introduced in respect of mortgage loans and housing financial lease 
agreements that were secured by real estate located in Hungary, which were granted to consumers and 
denominated in, or linked to, Swiss Francs, EUR or JPY irrespective of whether the relevant loan was to be 
serviced in HUF or in the currency in which it is denominated. 
Mortgage relief programme 
The blanket ban on foreign currency mortgage lending and the statutory moratorium on evictions and 
enforcement sales outside court enforcement have been replaced by a comprehensive package of measures, 
which aimed to alleviate increased borrower default on foreign currency denominated residential mortgage 
loans in a more sustainable manner and to mitigate significant potential distortions in the real estate market, 
which could have resulted from a large number of simultaneous enforcement actions following the expiry of 
the statutory moratorium on evictions and enforcement sales outside court enforcement. 
Regime for foreclosure proceedings 
Various measures were implemented following 2011 with the aim of assisting a large number of distressed 
borrowers and mitigating the material adverse effects, resulting primarily from the significant volatility of the 
HUF, on the residential mortgage market. For instance, a statutory blanket moratorium was introduced on 
evictions and forced sales outside court enforcement in respect of properties where the relevant obligor had his 
habitual residence. Currently, a general moratorium applies in each year in the period between 15 November 
and 30 April, during which no court enforcement or non-judicial forced sales may be initiated in respect of 
residential properties.

--- Page 247 ---
236 
TAXATION 
The following summaries do not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that could 
be relevant for Holders. These summaries are intended as general information only and each prospective 
Holder should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the 
Notes. These summaries are based on tax legislation and published case law in force as of the date of this 
document. They do not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date, whether or 
not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
Hungary 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences relating to the acquisition and 
ownership of Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is based on laws currently in force in Hungary 
and applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, but subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. 
The acquisition of the Notes by non-Hungarian Holders, or the payment of interest under the Notes, may 
trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of the Holder, which is not covered by this 
overview, but where the provisions of the treaties on the avoidance of double taxation should be taken into 
consideration. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any state or local 
taxes, under the tax laws of Hungary and each country of which they are residents. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident corporate Holders) 
Interest on Notes paid to a foreign resident corporate Holder, who does not have a permanent establishment in 
Hungary, by a resident legal entity or other persons and any capital gains realised by such foreign resident 
Holders on the sale of the Notes is not subject to withholding tax in Hungary. 
The tax liability of a foreign resident corporate Holder, which has a permanent establishment in Hungary, is 
limited, in general, to the income from business activities realised through its Hungarian permanent 
establishment. 
Taxation of Hungarian resident corporate Holders 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax (the “Corporation Tax Act”), Hungarian 
resident taxpayers are subject to tax on their worldwide income. In general, resident taxpayers are entities 
established under the laws of Hungary (i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their 
place of management in Hungary are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. Taxable income is based 
on the pre-tax profit as shown in the financial statements calculated under Hungarian GAAP or IFRS Standards 
and adjusted by certain increasing and decreasing items set forth by tax legislation. 
In general, interest and capital gains realised by Hungarian resident corporate Holders on the Notes will be 
taxable in the same way as the regular income of the Holders. The general corporation tax rate in Hungary is 9 
per cent. 
Pursuant to Act C of 1990 on Local Taxes (the “Local Taxes Act”), financial institutions, financial enterprises, 
insurance companies and investment enterprises may be subject to local business tax on the basis of the proceeds 
realised on the Notes.

--- Page 248 ---
237 
Taxation of individual non-Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders 
Individual non-Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders are subject to tax in Hungary only with respect to their 
Hungarian source income or income that is otherwise taxable in Hungary if the applicable treaty on the 
avoidance of double taxation, or in the absence of a tax treaty, Act CXVII of 1995 on Personal Income Tax 
(“Personal Income Tax Act”) so requires. 
Payments received with respect to publicly offered debt securities (including any interest and yield realised 
upon the redemption or sale thereof) are treated as income under Hungarian law, subject to personal income tax 
(at 15 per cent.). However, provided that Hungary has an applicable treaty on the avoidance of double taxation 
in place with the country of tax-residence of the Noteholder, such treaty may fully exempt the Noteholder from 
personal income tax or may reduce the applicable personal income tax rate, with the right to credit any 
Hungarian tax against the income tax payable in the country of the Noteholder’s tax residence. 
The tax on interest income is to be withheld by the “Payor” (in Hungarian: kifizető) (as defined below), if any 
entity qualifies as such. 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation (“ART"), a “Payor” means a Hungarian resident legal 
person, other organisation, or private entrepreneur that provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, Payor 
means the borrower of a loan or, the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider or credit 
institution providing the interest instead of the borrower/issuer. In respect of revenues originating from a 
transaction concluded with the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor means such stockbroker. The 
Hungarian permanent establishment of a foreign resident entity is also considered as a Payor. 
Taxation of individual Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders 
Individual Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders are subject to tax on their worldwide income. Interest received 
with respect to publicly offered debt securities, such as the Notes, as well as capital gains or any sale or 
redemption of the Notes is treated as income. The tax withheld is personal income tax (at 15 per cent.).  
According to the Personal Income Tax Act, individual Hungarian tax residents are: 
(a) 
any citizen of Hungary (with the exception of dual citizens without a permanent home or habitual abode 
in Hungary); 
(b) any individual whose stay in Hungary exceeds 183 days, including the day of entry and the day of exit; 
(c) 
any individual who has permanent resident status, or is a stateless person; and 
(d) any individual, other than those mentioned in points (a) to (c) above: 
(i) 
whose only permanent home is in Hungary; 
(ii) 
whose centre of vital interests (in Hungarian létérdekek központja) is in Hungary if they have 
no permanent home in Hungary or if Hungary is not the only country where they have a 
permanent home; or 
(iii) 
whose habitual abode is in Hungary if there is no permanent home in Hungary or if Hungary is 
not the only country where they have a permanent home, and if their centre of vital interests is 
unknown, 
where “centre of vital interests” means the country to which the individual is most closely connected due 
to family ties and business relations.

--- Page 249 ---
238 
Note, that an applicable treaty on the avoidance of double taxation may define tax residence prevailing over the 
domestic definition of tax residence. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Hungary) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if 
additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and 
are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In 
the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above description is 
based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or 
which may be implemented in a materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with 
the Notes.

--- Page 250 ---
239 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to BNP Paribas, OTP Bank Nyrt. or such other dealers as 
may be appointed either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes 
(together, the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by 
the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a programme agreement dated 2 May 2023 (as 
amended or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, the 
Arranger and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. The Notes may also be issued by the Issuer through all or any of 
the Dealers acting as agents. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Programme Agreement may be terminated in relation to all or any of the Dealers by the Issuer 
or, in relation to itself and the Issuer by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 30 days’ written notice. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered or sold within the 
United States, except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
Trance of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
TEFRA D or TEFRA C apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each additional Dealer named in the Final Terms will be required 
to represent and agree) that in addition to the relevant U.S. Selling Restrictions set forth below: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a U.S. person; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such Notes may

--- Page 251 ---
240 
not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a U.S. person (except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules); 
(c) 
if it is a U.S. person, it is acquiring the Notes in bearer form for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance, and if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own account, it will do so in 
accordance with the requirements of the TEFRA D Rules; 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires Notes in bearer form from the Dealer for the 
purpose of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, the Dealer either repeats and 
confirms the representations and agreements contained in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on such 
affiliate’s or distributor’s behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such distributor for the benefit of the 
Issuer the representations and agreements contained in such paragraphs; and 
(e) 
it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and agreements contained in 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above from any person other than its affiliate with whom it enters into a 
written contract, (a “distributor” as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4) 
(or a successor provision)), for the offer or sale during the restricted period of the Notes. 
Terms used in this section shall have the meanings given to them by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
Where the rules under the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in 
relation to any Notes, the Notes must, in accordance with their original issuance, be issued and delivered outside 
the United States and its possessions and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each 
additional Dealer named in the Final Terms will be required to represent and agree) that, in connection with the 
original issuance of the Notes: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Notes 
within the United States or its possessions; and 
(b) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser 
if such Dealer or such prospective purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not 
otherwise involve the United States office of such Dealer in the offer and sale of Notes. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States (as defined in Regulation S). 
In addition to the foregoing, if Category 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S), except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; and 
(b) 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of

--- Page 252 ---
241 
all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. 
Hungary 
No approval of this Base Prospectus has been sought or obtained from the National Bank of Hungary in respect 
of the Notes, its summary has not and will not be translated into Hungarian. No application has been filed nor 
has any permission been obtained for accepting, nor has any other arrangement for trading the Notes on any 
regulated market in Hungary been made. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make any offer of 
Notes within Hungary which are the subject of the placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus should only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any of the Dealers to have a prospectus 
for such offer approved by the National Bank of Hungary. Further to the above, in the event the Notes were to 
be offered in Hungary, this Base Prospectus and relevant Final Terms must be made available to the potential 
investors at least seven days before the relevant issue date and the Issuer agrees to notify the National Bank of 
Hungary within 15 days following the completion of any such offering.

--- Page 253 ---
242 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Republic of Italy  
Each Dealer acknowledges that the offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered, sold or distributed, and 
will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes or any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other offer document in 
the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) in an offer to the public and that sales of any Notes in Italy shall be effected in 
accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.   
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes or 
distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other offer document in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or, to the extent applicable, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998 (the “Consolidated Financial Services Act"), Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (“CONSOB Regulation No. 11971”) and the Italian 
laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (a) or (b) above must be 
made:  
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the “Italian Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may 
request information on the issue or the offer of securities in Italy and the relevant implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 
November 2020); and  
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, as well as with any regulations or 
requirements imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority.

--- Page 254 ---
243 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure 
or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 255 ---
244 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit 
a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have 
in their possession, or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Series of Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 256 ---
245 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update to the Programme and the issue of Notes under the updated Programme was duly authorised 
by a resolution of the Asset Liability Committee of the Issuer passed on 27 February 2023.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
2. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Legal Proceedings 
3. 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the OTP Group is, or has been, involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position, operations or profitability of the 
Issuer or the OTP Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the OTP 
Group and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
or the OTP Group, in each case since 31 December 2022 (the date to which the Issuer’s last published 
audited financial information was prepared).  
Independent Auditors 
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of OTP Bank Plc as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 and for the 
years then ended, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by Ernst & Young 
Audit Limited, independent auditors, as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein.  As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the independent auditors of the Issuer and the OTP Group are Ernst & 
Young Audit Limited (001165; Váci út 20., 1132, Budapest, Hungary), who were appointed as the 
statutory auditor of OTP Bank Plc. and OTP Group on 16 April 2021. Ernst & Young Audit Limited have 
no material interest in the Issuer. Ernst & Young Audit Limited are a member of the Chamber of 
Hungarian Auditors. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Electronic copies of the following documents will be available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.otpgroup.info/investor-relations/capital-market/issues for 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of Notes in global and definitive form) 
and the Deed of Covenant; and 
(b) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer.

--- Page 257 ---
246 
7. 
The following documents will be available, in electronic format, on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.otpgroup.info/investor-relations/capital-market/issues 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus;  
(ii) 
the Documents Incorporated by Reference; 
(iii) 
any future offering circular, prospectus, information memorandum, supplement or drawdown 
prospectus published since the most recent base prospectus was published and any documents 
incorporated therein by reference; and 
(iv) 
any Final Terms issued in respect of Notes admitted to listing and/or trading by the listing 
authority and/or stock exchange since the most recent base prospectus was published. 
8. 
The 
Sustainable 
Finance 
Framework 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.otpbank.hu/static/portal/sw/file/Sustainable_Finance_Framework_ENG_20220524.pdf 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
9. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Clearing of the Notes 
10. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
systems (which are entities in charge of keeping the records). The common code for each Series of Notes 
allocated by Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will be contained in the relevant Final Terms, 
along with the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), and, where applicable, the 
Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) and the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) for that 
Series. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
11. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes with maturities of more than 365 days 
and on all Definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons: “Any United States person who holds this obligation 
will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided 
in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
Issue Price and Yield 
12. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the purchase 
price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the 
relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment 
dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche. An indication of the yield of each Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be set

--- Page 258 ---
247 
out in the relevant Final Terms and will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-
annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
13. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, other 
members of the OTP Group or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. They have received, or 
may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions Certain of the Dealers 
and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 259 ---
ISSUER 
OTP Bank Nyrt. 
Nádor utca 16. 
1051 Budapest 
Hungary 
FISCAL AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom  
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc  
First Floor 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
ARRANGER  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
OTP Bank Nyrt. 
Nádor utca 16. 
1051 Budapest 
Hungary 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to English Law 
To the Issuer as to English Law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom  
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom  
 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Hungarian Law 
 
To the Issuer as to Hungarian Law 
Andrékó Ferenczi Kinstellar Ügyvédi Iroda 
Széchenyi rkp. 3 
1054 Budapest 
Hungary 
Allen & Overy Kádár Ügyvédi Iroda 
Alkotás u. 55-61 
1123 Budapest 
Hungary 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
 
Ernst & Young Audit Limited 
Váci út 20 
1132 Budapest 
Hungary

--- Page 260 ---
LISTING AGENT 
Banque International á Luxembourg SA 
69, route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg