--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
Palladium Securities Ireland plc 
(a public limited company with unlimited duration incorporated under the laws of Ireland, with its registered office at Block A, George’s Quay 
Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, with registration number 539687) 
Secured Note Programme 
Palladium Securities Ireland plc (the “Issuer”) is incorporated as a public limited liability company with unlimited duration under the laws of Ireland. 
This Base Prospectus gives information on the Issuer and its programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of secured notes (“Notes”) or certificates 
(“Certificates”). The liability of the Issuer under the Notes and the Programme is several and separate in respect of each Series. The Issuer has 
established its Programme by entering into a programme deed, as amended and restated from time to time (the “Programme Deed”). Under the 
Programme, the Issuer may from, time to time, issue series (each, a “Series”) of Notes or Certificates in one or more tranches (each, a “Tranche”), on 
the terms set out in this Base Prospectus as completed (i) by the final terms prepared in connection with such Tranche for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) (the “Final Terms”) or (ii) the provisions designated as issue terms included in any other 
document prepared in respect of such Tranche (an “Alternative Issue Document”), in each case entered into by the Issuer and the Transaction Parties 
in respect of that Tranche (the “Issue Terms”). Notes which are not intended to be offered to the public and are documented by way of an Alternative 
Issue Document may be issued on the terms set out in a prospectus relating to the Notes, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus (a “Series Prospectus”). References to applicable Final Terms in this Base Prospectus include only final terms pursuant to Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. In respect of the issuance of Certificates, references in this Base Prospectus to “Notes” shall be read as “Certificates” and to 
“Specified Denomination” shall be to the “value of each Unit”. 
Each Series will be secured by a security interest created in favour of the Trustee over the assets relating to such Series as described in “Master 
Conditions – Condition 5 (Security)”. If the proceeds of liquidation of any available collateral, or of enforcement of the security, are not sufficient to meet 
all of its obligations in respect of the Series, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will be limited to those proceeds. None of the Issuer’s other 
assets will be available to meet any shortfall. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application may be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for certain Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, “MiFID II”). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or other regulated 
markets for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area.  
Application may be made to the Wiener Börse AG (the “Vienna Stock Exchange”) for certain Notes issued under the Programme to be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on the Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange, a multilateral trading facility (the “Vienna MTF”). The 
Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references in respect of Notes) shall mean that such Notes have been 
admitted to trading on one or more EEA regulated markets and/or other markets which are not regulated for the purposes of MiFID II.  
This Base Prospectus will be valid for (i) admissions to trading on the Regulated Market or any other EEA regulated market or any other EEA market 
which is not regulated for the purposes of MiFID II by or with the consent of the Issuer (ii) for non-exempt offers for 12 months from its date. The 
obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the date 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes shall be listed and admitted to trading on an EEA regulated or a market which is not regulated for the purposes of MiFID II as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealer and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the relevant Notes. The applicable Issue Terms in respect of the 
issue of any such Notes will specify that Notes will be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market and/or any other market which is not regulated 
for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to notify its approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to 
the competent authorities in Belgium, by providing them with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other Member States of the 
EEA with such certificates for the purposes of making an offer to the public in such Member States.  
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Notes may be rated by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”), Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd (“Moody’s”), Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (“R&I”), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and/or such other rating agency as may 
be agreed for a Series. Where Notes are rated (i) the applicable rating(s) and (ii) whether or not such rating(s) will be treated as having been issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) will be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Fitch, Moody’s and R&I are not established in the European Union and are not registered under 
the CRA Regulation. S&P is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus may be filed in Switzerland with a review body (Prüfstelle) approved by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(“FINMA”) as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved according to Article 54(2) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) for entry 
on the list of approved prospectuses according to Article 64(5) FinSA, deposited with this review body and published according to Article 64 FinSA. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Arranger and Dealer may make offers of Notes to the public in Switzerland

--- Page 2 ---
other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland (a “Swiss Non-
exempt Offer”), in respect of which the Issuer shall complete, deposit with the review body and publish Issue Terms. In accordance with Article 36(4)(b) 
FinSA, the Issuer consents, to the extent and under the conditions, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to the use of this Base Prospectus 
and the applicable Issue Terms by any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Issue Terms under “Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus for Swiss Non-exempt Offers” for a Swiss Non-exempt Offer on the basis of and in accordance with this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms. Either of the Issuers and the Arranger and Dealer may also make offers of Notes in Switzerland pursuant 
to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offers do not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective 
Investment Schemes (“CISA”) and are neither subject to authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA, and investors will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority and are exposed to 
the risk of the Issuer. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors” and, 
in particular, to the limited recourse nature of the Notes and the fact that the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle. This Base Prospectus does 
not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Unless otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning given 
to them in “Master Conditions - Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)”. For convenience, an index of defined terms used in this Base 
Prospectus is set out at pages 268 to 270 of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Dated: 5 June 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation for 
the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to the Issuer and the Notes which, according to 
the particular nature and circumstances of the Issuer and the type of Notes, is material to investors for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact 
on the Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
In addition, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each Member State for which it has given its consent 
referred to herein, for the contents of this Base Prospectus in relation to any investor to whom an offer of 
any Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom it has given its consent to use this Base 
Prospectus (an “Authorised Offeror”), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is 
given and where the offer is made in the Member State for which that consent is given and is in compliance 
with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. 
However, none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business 
rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.  
Any Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus must state on its own website that it uses this 
Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and conditions attached in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer may (a) give consent to one or more Authorised Offerors after the date of this Base Prospectus 
or the applicable Issue Terms, (b) discontinue or change the relevant offer period specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the “Offer Period”) in respect of the Notes, and/or (c) remove or add conditions and, if it 
does do so, it will publish the above information in relation to them on its website at 
https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/home/ at the relevant time. Any consent given by the Issuer to use 
this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes is only valid for an Offer Period falling within 12 
months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the Central Bank.  
An offer of the Notes may be made, subject to the conditions set out above, during the relevant Offer Period 
by any of the Issuer, the Dealer or any Authorised Offeror.  
Other than as set out above, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer of Notes by any person 
in any circumstances and no other person is permitted to use this Base Prospectus in connection with its 
offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by the Dealer or any Authorised 
Offeror and none of the Issuer, the Dealer or any Authorised Offeror has any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of any person making such offers.  
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES FROM AN AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY AN 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER 
ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS WITH INVESTORS 
(OTHER THAN THE DEALER) IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OR SALE OF NOTES AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. THE ISSUER HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY TO AN INVESTOR 
IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
The Issuer, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that, to the best of its knowledge, this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuer and the Notes that is material in the context

--- Page 4 ---
4 
of the issue and offering of the Notes, the statements contained in it relating to the Issuer are in every 
material aspect true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus with regard to the Issuer are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant 
circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer 
or the Notes the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the Notes, make any 
statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect and all reasonable enquiries have 
been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and 
statements.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending 
to make an offer of Notes in the UK which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as (i) completed by the applicable Final Terms or (ii) completed, amended, supplemented or 
varied by the applicable Alternative Issue Document in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
the Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor within the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in, respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II and point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms in connection with the issue or sale of 
the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other Transaction Party. Neither the delivery 
of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Base

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the 
date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under the applicable law. 
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. The Notes may include notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention rules issued 
under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “U.S. Credit Risk Retention Rules”)) 
or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 
1936 (the “CEA”), but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it 
would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons (“Rule 4.7”)).  
Any investor in the Notes (including investors following the issue date of such Notes) shall be deemed to 
give the representations, agreements and acknowledgments specified in the Conditions of such Notes, 
including a representation that it is not, nor is it acting for the account or benefit of, a person who is (i) a 
U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (ii) a U.S. person (as defined in the U.S. 
Credit Risk Retention Rules) or (iii) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7). 
The Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended), and regulations thereunder. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Issuer has not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended (the “Investment Company Act”). 
No person has registered, nor will register, as a Commodity Pool Operator of the Issuer under the CEA 
and the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) thereunder. 
BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to a reference rate, which is provided 
by an administrator (the “Administrator”). In respect of a Series, the reference rate, the name of the 
Administrator and whether such Administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by (i) the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 35 of 
the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 206/1011) (the “BMR”) and/or (ii) the Financial Conduct

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of the BMR as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, shall 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
DISCLAIMERS 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealer, the Swap Counterparty (other than in respect of the section entitled 
‘Description of the Swap Counterparty’) or the Trustee (other than in respect of the section entitled 
‘Description of the Trustee’) have separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger, the Dealer and the Trustee make no representation, express or implied, or, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, accepts any responsibility, with respect to (i) any Notes, (ii) any Transaction 
Documents (including the effectiveness thereof) or (iii) the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger, the Dealer or the Trustee or on their behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering 
of the Notes. Each of the Dealer, the Trustee and the Arranger accordingly disclaim all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have 
in respect of any Notes, any Transaction Documents or this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “Risk Factors”. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealer or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
statements should purchase the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding 
the Issuer, the security arrangements and the Notes as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should have sufficient knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical 
resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms 
and the merits and risks of investing in the Notes in the context of their financial position and circumstances. 
Neither Arranger, the Dealer nor the Trustee undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or during the term of any 
Notes issued nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of the Arranger, the Dealer or the Trustee. The Arranger, the Dealer and the Trustee disclaim any 
responsibility to advise purchasers of Notes of the risks and investment considerations associated 
therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus (except the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “Master 
Conditions” and “General Information”), (a) references to “Noteholders” should generally be read as 
including holders of Coupons and/or Receipts and holders of beneficial interests in such Notes, Coupons 
and/or Receipts, except where the context otherwise requires and (b) references to “Notes” should 
generally be read as including Coupons and/or Receipts, except where the context otherwise requires.  
No fiduciary role: None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer or (in respect of any Series) any of the 
other Transaction Parties or any of their respective Affiliates is acting as an investment adviser or as an 
adviser in any other capacity, and none of them (other than the Trustee to the extent set out in the Trust 
Deed) assumes any fiduciary obligation to any purchaser of Notes or any other party, including the Issuer. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer or (in respect of any Series) any of the other Transaction 
Parties assumes any responsibility for (i) conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the 
business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor of

--- Page 7 ---
7 
any Collateral or the terms thereof or of the Swap Counterparty or the terms of the Swap Agreement or (ii) 
monitoring any such issuer or obligor of any Collateral or the Swap Counterparty during the term of the 
Notes. 
Investors may not rely on the views of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or (in respect of any Series) any 
of the other Transaction Parties for any information in relation to any person. 
No reliance: A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer or (in respect of any Series) 
any of the other Transaction Parties or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination 
as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to any of the other matters referred to above. 
No representations: None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any of the other Transaction Parties 
makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any:  
(i) 
Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed 
in respect of such Collateral with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory 
authority or any other person; 
(ii) 
issuer or obligor of any Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents 
prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of such issuer or obligor with any exchange, 
governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person;  
(iii) 
Swap Counterparty or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided 
or filed by or on behalf of such party with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory 
authority or any other person; or 
(iv) 
relevant Swap Agreement or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, 
provided or filed in respect of such agreement with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or 
self-regulatory authority or any other person, 
save that this is not intended to limit the responsibility of the Issuer for the information in respect of the 
Swap Counterparty in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Description of the Swap Counterparty”. 
No investigations: None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of the other Transaction Parties or 
any of their respective affiliates has made any investigation of, or makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to the existence or financial or creditworthiness or other condition of any Original 
Collateral, Collateral Obligor or any information provided in respect of the Original Collateral and/or 
Collateral Obligor. The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may also, at any time, be in possession of 
information in relation to any Original Collateral (which may or may not be publicly available). None of such 
persons shall be under any obligation to make any such information available to Noteholders or any other 
party. 
None of the Dealer or (in respect of any Series) any of the other Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of the Issuer or in respect of any information 
contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES. THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT 
TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A 
COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1936 AS AMENDED AND THE RULES OF THE CFTC THEREUNDER. THE NOTES MAY NOT AT 
ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, AND REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE NOTES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED 
UNDER REGULATION S) AND (B) TO PERSONS THAT ARE (I) NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S), (II) NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. CREDIT RISK RETENTION 
RULES) AND (III) NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 4.7) (ANY PERSON 
SATISFYING EACH OF (I) TO (III) IMMEDIATELY ABOVE, A “PERMITTED PURCHASER”). IF A 
PERMITTED PURCHASER ACQUIRING NOTES IS DOING SO FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF 
ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH OTHER PERSON MUST ALSO BE A PERMITTED PURCHASER. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER (A) FOR USE IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE NOTES OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES TO PERMITTED 
PURCHASERS IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF 
REGULATION S AND (B) FOR THE LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING OF THE NOTES ON AN 
EEA REGULATED MARKET. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION 
OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS 
INVOLVED. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR 
ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF 
ANY SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THIS PROGRAMME OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR ANY OTHER AUTHORISED OFFERING DOCUMENT. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 10 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ............................................................................................... 20 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 21 
INVESTOR SUITABILITY ......................................................................................................................... 57 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ..................................................................................................................... 58 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 61 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ....................................................................................................... 62 
WORKED EXAMPLES .............................................................................................................................. 74 
MASTER CONDITIONS ............................................................................................................................ 76 
BELGIAN CONSUMER CONDITIONS ANNEX ...................................................................................... 180 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 185 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................... 186 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................. 188 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY ............................................................................... 189 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN ................................................................................................... 190 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ........................................................................................................ 191 
THE SWAP AGREEMENT ...................................................................................................................... 192 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS ............................................................................................................... 201 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................. 202 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................. 214 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 220 
APPENDIX 1 FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................. 222 
APPENDIX 2 FORM OF PRICING TERMS ............................................................................................ 246 
APPENDIX 3 FORM OF NOTICE OF FINAL SIZE ................................................................................. 267 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................................ 268

--- Page 10 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
10 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Notes, 
the relevant Issue Terms. The Issuer and Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Master Conditions, in which event, a drawdown prospectus will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme, pursuant to which the Issuer may offer Notes, 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer  
Palladium Securities Ireland plc, a special purpose vehicle 
incorporated as a public limited liability company, incorporated 
under the laws of Ireland with registered office at Block A, 
George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland and duly 
registered at the Companies Registration Office, Dublin, Ireland 
under number 539687. 
Information relating to the Issuer is contained in the section of 
this Base Prospectus titled “Description of the Issuer”. 
The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
213800EXBVSZN8GJ2O51 
Description of Programme 
Secured Note Programme pursuant to which the Issuer may 
issue Notes. 
Mortgaged Property 
The Notes of each Series will be secured in the manner set out 
in “Master Conditions - Condition 5 (Security)”, including (i) a 
charge over the Collateral and an assignment by way of security 
of the Issuer’s rights, title and/or interest relating to the 
Collateral, (ii) a charge over all sums held from time to time by 
the Disposal Agent, the Custodian and/or the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and (iii) an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest under the Agency Agreement, the 
Custody Agreement and any Swap Agreement. Each Series 
may also be secured on such additional security as may be 
described in the applicable Issue Terms.  
References in this Base Prospectus to “Security” are to the 
security constituted by the Trust Deed for the relevant Series. 
Arranger 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (the “Arranger”). 
Dealer 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (the “Dealer”). 
Trustee 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”). 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (the “Issuing and Paying 
Agent)”.

--- Page 11 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
11 
Custodian 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (the “Custodian)”. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the “Registrar” and the 
“Transfer Agent”). 
Swap Counterparty 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft or such other entity specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms for a Series (the “Swap 
Counterparty”). 
Swap Agreement 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer may enter into a swap 
agreement on the terms described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement” (a “Swap Agreement”) 
with the Swap Counterparty. 
The Swap Agreement may, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, provide for collateralisation by way of a credit support 
annex by either or both of the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
of their respective obligations under the Swap Agreement.  
Where no Swap Agreement is entered into in respect of a Series, 
references in this Base Prospectus to Swap Agreement and 
Swap Counterparty shall not be applicable. 
Disposal Agent 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft or such other entity specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms for a Series (the “Disposal Agent”). 
Calculation Agent 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft or otherwise the entity specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms for a Series, the “Calculation 
Agent”. 
Corporate Services Provider 
Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited (the “Corporate 
Services Provider”). 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued in Series, with the Notes of a Series 
being ultimately interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or 
different issue date(s). The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which will be completed, where necessary, with supplemental 
terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be completed in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Issue Price of the Notes 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes of a Series may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) but Notes of 
a Series may not comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered 
Notes.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes may be issued in definitive form 
(“Definitive Bearer Notes”) or if they are to be deposited on

--- Page 12 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
12 
issue with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such alternative clearing system as 
is approved by the Trustee, they will be represented on issue by 
either (i) a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) 
if (a) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (b) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are 
being issued in compliance with TEFRA D (as defined in “U.S. 
TEFRA Categorisation” below), or otherwise (ii) a permanent 
global note (a “Permanent Global Note”).  
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by 
certificates (each, a “Registered Certificate”), one Registered 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Where issued 
individually to Noteholders and not in the name of a nominee for 
one or more clearing systems, such Registered Certificates are 
referred to as “Definitive Registered Notes”. Registered 
Certificates representing Registered Notes that are registered in 
the name of a nominee for one or more clearing systems are 
referred to as “Global Registered Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and, in relation to any 
Series, such other clearing system approved by the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Dealer and (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the Registrar. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Registered Certificate 
representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global Registered Certificates 
may also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system, provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or 
a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
The Notes comprise secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer only. 
The obligations of the Issuer to pay any amounts due and 
payable in respect of a Series and to the other Transaction 
Parties at any time in respect of a Series shall be limited to the 
proceeds available out of the Mortgaged Property in respect of 
such Series at such time to make such payments in accordance 
with “Master Conditions - Condition 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds)”. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, or in any Transaction Document, in respect of a Series, 
the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
shall have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property in respect of

--- Page 13 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
13 
the Series, subject always to the Security, and not to any other 
general assets of the Issuer. 
 
If, after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series is 
exhausted (whether following Liquidation or enforcement of the 
Security or otherwise) and (ii) application of the Available 
Proceeds as provided in “Master Conditions - Condition 15 
(Application of Available Proceeds)”, any outstanding claim, debt 
or liability against the Issuer in relation to the Notes of the Series 
or the Transaction Documents relating to the Series remains 
unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability, as the case 
may be, shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect thereof.  
Following extinguishment in accordance with “Master Conditions 
- Condition 17(a) (General Limited Recourse)”, none of the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any 
other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to 
take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service 
providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of 
the extinguished claim, debt or liability and no debt shall be owed 
to any such persons by the Issuer, or any of its officers, 
shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service 
providers or directors in respect of such further sum in respect 
of the Series. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of 
them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in 
bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency, administration, 
bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer, or 
any of its officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, 
corporate service providers or directors or any of their assets, 
and none of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the 
assets and/or property attributable to any other Obligations 
issued or entered into by the Issuer (save for any further notes 
which form a single series with the Notes) or any other assets of 
the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing, the Trustee may 
lodge a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by 
another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or 
judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer. 
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions shall survive 
notwithstanding any redemption of the Notes of any Series or 
the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document in 
respect of any Series. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency as agreed 
between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
Dealer.

--- Page 14 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
14 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes of any maturity may be issued under the 
Programme. 
Specified Denomination 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in accordance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, provided that (i) the 
minimum specified denomination shall in each case be €1 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes) and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by the then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) will have a minimum 
denomination of the greater of €100,000 and £100,000 (or their 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series and will be determined on the same basis as the 
floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as applicable, each as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (unless the Issue 
Terms specify otherwise).  
Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes 
Interest payable on Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner and by reference to the formula 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount, at 
a discount to it or at a premium to it and will not bear interest 
unless payment under the Notes on the due date for redemption 
is improperly withheld or refused. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable rate of interest or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. All such 
information will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Redemption 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current 
laws 
and 
regulations, 
Notes 
(including 
Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA 
must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) per Note.

--- Page 15 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
15 
Redemption by Instalments 
Where the Notes of a Series are redeemable in two or more 
instalments, the applicable Issue Terms will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption for Events of 
Default, Tax or Other Reasons 
The Notes of a Series may be redeemed prior to or following the 
Maturity Date upon the occurrence of:  
(i) 
certain tax events with respect to the Notes or the Original 
Collateral;  
(ii) 
certain events with respect to the Original Collateral (which 
includes the Original Collateral being called for redemption 
or repayment prior to its scheduled maturity date (other 
than a scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral) 
and certain default events relating to the Original Collateral 
– for further information see the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “Risk Factors” and the risk factor “Risks 
relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of 
Default, tax or other reasons” therein); 
(iii) the termination of the Swap Agreement;  
(iv) the bankruptcy of the Swap Counterparty; 
(v) it becoming unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
in respect of the Notes; 
(vi) certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Original 
Collateral Reference Rate;  
(vii) certain disruption events with respect to a relevant 
Reference Rate;  
(viii) an Issuer Call Condition being satisfied;  
(ix) a Noteholder Early Redemption Option being exercised; or 
(x) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 
Any redemption following the Maturity Date would be as a result 
of a redemption being triggered prior to the Maturity Date but 
with the resultant liquidation or enforcement process not being 
completed until after the Maturity Date. 
 
If one of the above events occurs, the Disposal Agent may be 
required to liquidate the Collateral or the Trustee may enforce 
the Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event 
(as the case may be). The amount payable to Noteholders in 
such circumstances will be the Early Redemption Amount. 
 
Unless (i) the Issue Terms specify otherwise or (ii) “Sale to 
Belgian Consumers” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Early Redemption Amount will be an amount 
per Note equal to that Note’s pro rata share of: 
(a) the proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the Collateral 
available to the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be); 
plus 
(b) any termination payment payable to the Issuer by the Swap 
Counterparty on the termination of the Swap Agreement; 
minus

--- Page 16 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
16 
(c) any termination payment payable to the Swap Counterparty 
by the Issuer on the termination of the Swap Agreement. 
If “Sale to Belgian Consumers” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then if: 
(a) the occurrence of the relevant Early Redemption Event 
results from a Force Majeure Event, the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Note shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the Fair Market Value of such 
Note on the Early Valuation Date; or 
(b) the occurrence of the relevant Early Redemption Event 
does not result from a Force Majeure Event, the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to the sum of (i) the 
Fair Market Value of such Note on the Early Valuation Date; 
and (ii) the Additional Reimbursement Amount of such 
Note. 
 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note may be less than the 
Specified Denomination of that Note and may be zero. 
 
If the Issuer fails to pay (I) any Early Redemption Amount that 
has become due and payable on the relevant Early Redemption 
Date, (II) any amount of interest or principal or any instalment 
amount on the Notes that has become due and payable on the 
Maturity Date by the Relevant Payment Date or (III) any amount 
due and payable to the Swap Counterparty on the relevant due 
date for payment under the Swap Agreement relating to that 
Series (but only if the Issuer has already paid in full any amount 
due and payable to the Noteholders and the Couponholders of 
that Series), the Trustee may (and if (A) requested in writing by 
holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding, (B) directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or (C) directed in writing by the Swap Counterparty 
(whichever shall be the first to so request or direct) shall), 
provided in each case that the Trustee shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction 
and provided that the Trustee has given an Enforcement Notice 
to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty and any 
Disposal Agent appointed at that time, upon the occurrence of 
the related Enforcement Event, enforce the Security constituted 
by the Trust Deed, subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
 
In addition, on a redemption of the Notes other than on the 
Maturity Date or on an Instalment Date at the Instalment 
Amount, the Issuer or (from the date on which any Enforcement 
Notice is given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event) the Trustee (as the case may be) will apply 
available sums in accordance with the order of priority set out in 
“Master Conditions - Condition 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds)”. Such sums may not be sufficient to meet the claims 
of the Secured Creditors against the Issuer in respect of the 
Series and, accordingly, following application in accordance with

--- Page 17 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
17 
the order of priority, there may not be sufficient sums available 
to satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to pay the Early Redemption 
Amount in full or at all. See “Limited Recourse and Non-Petition” 
above. 
Status of Notes 
The Notes will be (i) secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and (ii) secured in the manner described in “Master 
Conditions - Condition 5 (Security)”. Recourse in respect of any 
Series will be limited to the Mortgaged Property for that Series. 
Claims of Noteholders, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Secured 
Creditor shall rank in accordance with the priorities specified in 
“Master Conditions - Condition 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds)” as it may be amended by the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Restrictions 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without 
the prior written consent of the Trustee or acting on the direction 
of an Extraordinary Resolution, and except as provided for or 
contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, 
engage in any business other than the issuance or entry into of 
Obligations, the entry into of related agreements and 
transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and 
the performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in 
connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other 
than any fees paid to the Issuer (for its own account) in 
connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any 
assets securing any other Obligations (other than 
Equivalent Obligations) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements contain 
limited recourse and non-petition provisions; and 
(iii) the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable 
laws. 
In addition, the Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions 
as specified in “Master Conditions - Condition 6 (Restrictions)”. 
Cross Default 
None. 
Rating 
It is anticipated that certain Series may be rated by Fitch, 
Moody’s, R&I and/or S&P and/or any other rating agency 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Where an issue of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature that the

--- Page 18 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
18 
Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent is required by applicable law to 
make (and any withholding required by an Information Reporting 
Regime shall be deemed to be required by applicable law). In 
that event, the Issuer, the Trustee or such Agent shall make such 
payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and 
shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount(s) so 
required to be withheld or deducted. None of the Issuer, the 
Trustee or any Agent will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to Noteholders in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, issue further Notes of any 
Series on the same terms (except for the issue date, issue price, 
first payment of interest and principal amount) as existing Notes 
and such further Notes shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with such existing Notes of the same Series, provided 
that, unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of Noteholders, the Issuer provides, in accordance with “Master 
Conditions - Condition 6 (Restrictions)”, additional assets as 
security for such further Notes. 
Governing Law 
The Notes are governed by English law.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes 
issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on its Regulated Market. No assurance can be given that 
such an application to admit Notes to the Official List and to 
trading on its Regulated Market will be successful. The 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. 
Notes issued by the Issuer shall be listed or admitted to trading 
on an EEA stock exchange and, as the case may be, on other 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer in relation to 
a specific Series.  
Selling Restrictions 
Each of (i) the United States, (ii) the United Kingdom, (iii) 
Switzerland, (iv) Japan, (v) the EEA, (vi) Belgium, (vii) any other 
jurisdiction relevant to any Series and (viii) UK retail investors. 
See the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Subscription and 
Sale”.  
U.S. TEFRA Categorisation 
Notes in bearer form will be issued:  
(i) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA 
C”); 
(ii) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA 
D”); or

--- Page 19 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
19 
(iii) other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
applicable Issue Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable.

--- Page 20 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
20 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard repackaging 
transaction. Prospective Noteholders should also review the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any 
investment decision. In the diagram below dotted lines represent contractual relationships and solid lines 
represent cashflows.  
 
 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Disposal Agent 
Registrar/Transfer Agent 
Calculation Agent 
Trustee 
Custodian 
Noteholder 
Palladium Securities 
Ireland plc  
(“Issuer”) 
Administrator 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Benefit of Issuer 
security 
Payments under 
the Notes 
Trust Deed 
Collateral 
payments  
(if any) 
Agency 
Agreement 
Corporate  
Services Agreement 
Swap Counterparty  
Scheduled payments 
due on Collateral 
Scheduled interest amounts and Final 
Redemption Amount 
Custody 
Agreement

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
21 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and the applicable Issue Terms and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
1 
Risks relating to the Issuer  
(a) 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset backed 
securities. The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) that, as long as any Note remains 
outstanding, it will not, except as otherwise provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document, engage in any business, subject always to the restrictions set out in the 
Trust Deed and the Conditions.  
As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than such fees (as agreed) payable to it in 
connection with the issue of Notes or entry into other obligations from time to time and any 
Mortgaged Property and any other assets on which Notes or other obligations are secured. 
Accordingly, there are risks in investing in the Notes issued by the Issuer which differ from risks in 
investing in instruments issued by a trading company with substantial assets and/or operations. 
(b) 
Preferred creditors and floating charges under Irish law 
It is possible that security created by the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Deed would be regarded by 
the Irish courts as creating a floating charge.  
Under Irish law, floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(i) 
they have weak priority against purchasers who are not on notice of any negative pledge 
contained in the floating charge and chargees of the assets concerned and against lien 
holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(ii) 
they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and certain taxes 
on winding up even if crystallised prior to the commencement of the winding-up; 
(iii) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(iv) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by floating 
charges; and 
(v) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
If a fixed charge is recharacterised as a floating charge under Irish law, this may adversely affect 
the priority in which the relevant Noteholders may receive amounts owing to them upon the 
enforcement of security.

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
22 
(c) 
Examinership 
Examination is a court procedure available under the Companies Act 2014 to facilitate the survival 
of Irish companies in financial difficulties.  
The Issuer, the directors of the Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or 
shareholders of the Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth 
of the voting share capital of the Issuer are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of 
an examiner. The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and 
arrangements entered into by the company after his appointment and, in certain circumstances, can 
avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior to his appointment. Furthermore, the examiner 
may sell assets which are the subject of a fixed charge. However, if such power is exercised, the 
examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount realised and discharge the 
amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the proceeds of the sale.  
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme 
of arrangements to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as 
a going concern. A scheme of arrangements may be approved by the Irish High Court when at least 
one class of creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the Irish High Court is satisfied that 
such proposals are fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not 
accepted the proposals and whose interests would be impaired by the implementation of the 
scheme of arrangement.  
Noteholders should be aware that, if an examiner were appointed to the Issuer, the following primary 
risks may have an impact on their investment in the Notes: 
(i) 
the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the 
writing down or rescheduling of the debt due from the Issuer to the Noteholders as secured 
by the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Transaction 
Documents prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to 
enable the examiner to borrow to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and 
(iii) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes 
into liquidation, the examiner’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings 
incurred by the examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the relevant Irish court) will 
take priority over the monies and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, 
owing or payable to each of the Noteholders under the Notes or the other Transaction 
Documents and which are secured by the security granted pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Changes in Irish tax law 
To the extent that changes in Irish tax law or current interest withholding tax exemption conditions 
no longer being fulfilled result in imposition of a withholding tax, interest payments to Noteholders 
may be reduced by the amount of tax required to be withheld by the Issuer.  
Interest payments on the Notes may be subject to Irish withholding tax if there is a change in Irish 
tax law or if the various exemption conditions are not fulfilled. The Issuer is not obligated to gross 
up or otherwise compensate Noteholders for withholding taxes incurred. This may, therefore, affect 
the return which Noteholders receive on the Notes. 
Changes in Irish tax laws may adversely impact the Issuer’s business and the value of the 
Noteholders’ investment.

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
23 
The Issuer is treated as a securitisation vehicle which is taxed pursuant to Section 110 of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act 1997 (“TCA”). There is no guarantee that the tax treatment of an Irish 
securitisation company will not change in the future. The tax deductibility of the Issuer’s interest 
costs will depend on the applicability of Section 110 TCA and the current revenue practice in relation 
to that matter. If these rules change this may have an impact on the return for Noteholders. 
Ireland’s Finance Act 2019 introduced some measures which may qualify the extent to which 
interest payable in respect of results-dependent securities may be deducted for Irish tax purposes. 
The measures provide that in some cases interest paid to persons which both, directly or indirectly, 
hold more than 20 per cent of any results-dependent securities issued by the Issuer (or the interest 
payable in respect of them) and exercise ‘significant influence’ over the Issuer may only be deducted 
for Irish tax purposes to the extent it is paid to a person that is resident in Ireland or otherwise within 
the charge to Irish corporation tax or the interest is subject to tax in a Member State of the European 
Union (other than Ireland) or a jurisdiction with which Ireland has a double tax treaty. The term 
‘significant influence’ is defined as meaning an ability to participate in the financial and operating 
decisions of the Issuer.  
(e) 
Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
Action 6 from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s project on Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) is the prevention of treaty abuse by developing model treaty 
provisions to prevent the granting of treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances. Action 6 would 
be implemented into Irish double tax treaties by the inclusion of a principal purpose test (“PPT”); 
namely, where it is reasonable to conclude, having regard to all relevant facts and circumstances 
for this purpose, that obtaining that benefit was one of the principal purposes of any arrangement 
or transaction that resulted directly or indirectly in that benefit, unless it is established that granting 
that benefit in those circumstances would be in accordance with the object and purpose of the 
relevant provisions of the treaty. It is currently unclear how a PPT, if adopted, would be applied by 
either the tax authorities of those jurisdictions from which payments are made to the Issuer.  
If the Issuer is denied the benefit of a treaty entered into by Ireland because of the PTT, payments 
of interest on the Original Collateral by an Original Collateral Obligor to the Issuer could become 
subject to a withholding or deduction for or on account of tax. This may constitute an Original 
Collateral Tax Event which would result in an early redemption of the Notes. Therefore, the 
Noteholders may receive a return on their investment at an unexpected time, which may (i) affect, 
among other things, the Noteholders tax planning or (ii) prevent the Noteholders from reinvesting 
the redemption proceeds in another investment at the time that provides an equivalent return.  
(f) 
Impact of EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive I and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive II 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised 
implementation of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 
(EU) 2016/1164 (the “ATAD”) on 12 July 2016.  
The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 ( the “ATAD 2”) on 29 May 2017, 
amending ATAD (together, the “Directives”) to provide for minimum standards for counteracting 
hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third countries.  
The Directives contain various measures that have been implemented into Irish law and could 
potentially result in certain payments made by the Issuer ceasing to be fully deductible. This could 
increase the Issuer’s liability to tax and reduce the amounts available for payments on the Notes. 
There are two measures which are of particular relevance to the Issuers:

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
24 
First, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive provides for an “interest limitation rule” following to the 
recommendation contained in BEPS Action 4 which restricts the deductible interest of an entity. The 
interest limitation rule provides that where an entity has exceeding borrowing costs of more than 
EUR 3,000,000 it may only deduct its exceeding borrowing costs up to an amount equal to 30 per 
cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation in the year in which they are 
incurred but the balance would remain available for carry forward, subject to certain conditions. For 
these purposes, “exceeding borrowing costs” mean the amount by which an entity’s borrowing costs 
exceed “interest revenues and other equivalent taxable revenues”. Accordingly, the Issuer will not 
be restricted from deducting its interest payments in respect of the Notes to the extent that it funds 
interest payments it makes under the Notes from interest payments to which it is entitled under its 
investments (as the Issuer should pay limited or no net interest) and the restriction may be of limited 
relevance to the Issuer in those circumstances. If the Issuer does have exceeding borrowing costs 
in excess of EUR 3,000,000 in a tax year, the interest limitation rule may nonetheless permit the 
Issuer to deduct exceeding borrowing costs in an amount in excess of 30 per cent. (and potentially 
up to 100 per cent.) of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, if certain 
conditions are satisfied. In particular, the Issuer should be able to deduct the full amount of its 
exceeding borrowing costs if it qualifies as a “single company worldwide group” (as defined in 
Section 835AY TCA) and does not owe any amount which gives rise to deductible interest 
equivalent to an “associated enterprise”. One of the conditions required to qualify as a “single 
company worldwide group” is that the entity is not a member of a “worldwide group” (as defined in 
Section 835AY TCA) (e.g., it is not included in consolidated financial statements prepared under 
generally accepted accounting practice or an alternative body of accounting standards). As a result, 
the Issuer will not qualify as a “single company worldwide group” if it is financially consolidated by a 
Noteholder or any other person. If the Issuer is not a “single company worldwide group”, the Issuer 
should be able to deduct the full amount of its exceeding borrowing costs if it is a member of a 
“worldwide group” and its ratio of equity to assets is greater than, equal to or within two percentage 
points of the same ratio of its “worldwide group”. If the Issuer has exceeding borrowing costs in 
excess of EUR 3,000,000 in a tax year and its ability to deduct interest in that tax year is restricted 
by Ireland’s interest limitation rule, the Issuer may have material tax liabilities in Ireland as a 
consequence of interest not being deductible in computing its profits for Irish corporation tax 
purposes. 
Secondly, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (as amended by the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2) 
provides for hybrid mismatch rules. These rules are designed to neutralise arrangements where 
amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable for another, or the same 
amounts are deductible for two entities. These rules could potentially apply to the Issuer where: (i) 
the interest that it pays under the Notes, and claims deductions, from its taxable income for, is not 
brought into account as taxable income by the relevant Noteholder, either because of the 
characterisation of the Notes, or the payments made under them, or because of the nature of the 
Noteholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between the Issuer 
and an associated enterprise or under a ‘structured arrangement’. ‘Associated’ for these purposes 
includes direct and indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital ownership of 25 per cent. 
or more or an entitlement to receive 25.0 per cent. or more (50 per cent. in certain circumstances) 
of the profits of that entity, as well as entities that are part of the same consolidated group for 
financial accounting purposes or enterprises that have a significant influence in the management of 
the taxpayer. A structured arrangement is an arrangement involving a transaction, or series of 
transactions, under which a mismatch outcome arises where: (a) the mismatch outcome is priced 
into the terms of the arrangement; or (b) the arrangement was designed to give rise to a mismatch 
outcome. If the Issuer’s ability to deduct interest in a tax year is restricted by Ireland’s anti-hybrid 
rules, the Issuer may have material tax liabilities in Ireland as a consequence of interest not being 
deductible in computing its profits for Irish corporation tax purposes.

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
25 
(g) 
CEU Proposal for Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive III (“ATAD 3”) 
On 22 December 2021, the European Commission published a proposal for a Council Directive to 
prevent the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes. The new ATAD 3 proposals are aimed at legal 
entities which have limited substance and economic activity in their jurisdictions of residence. Where 
the rules apply, the proposal is that such entities should be denied the benefit of double taxation 
agreements entered into between EU Member States as well as certain EU tax directives, including 
the Parent Subsidiary Directive and Interest and Royalty Directive. 
On 11 January 2023, the European Parliament Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs 
published a number of amendments to the proposal. The amended proposal was then approved by 
the European Parliament on 17 January 2023. 
As currently drafted, the proposal contains exemptions for certain entities including ‘securitisation 
special purpose entity’ and entities which have a transferable security admitted to trading or listed 
on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility. 
There is no certainty that the proposal will be introduced in its current form. The proposal requires 
the unanimous approval of the EU Council before it is adopted. Until the proposal receives approval 
and a final directive is published, it is not possible to provide definitive guidance on the impact of 
the proposal on the Issuer’s Irish tax position. 
(h) 
EU Mandatory Disclosure Regime 
EU Directive 2018/822 (the “Mandatory Disclosure Directive”) requires the disclosure of certain 
information regarding ‘cross-border’ arrangements to the taxation authorities of each EU member 
state and, in a redacted form, to the European Commission. The information must be reported by 
persons who have acted as ‘intermediaries’ in such transactions and, in certain cases, taxpayers 
themselves. An ‘intermediary’ for these purposes includes any person that has designed, marketed 
or managed the implementation of a reportable arrangement. Broadly, a transaction or arrangement 
will be reportable under the Mandatory Disclosure Directive if it involves at least one EU member 
state and it has one or more of the ‘hallmarks’ of a reportable arrangement set out in the Mandatory 
Disclosure Directive. Information that must be shared by intermediaries in respect of reportable 
arrangements includes details of any taxpayers to whom that arrangement was made available.  
Details of reportable cross-border arrangements must be reported to the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners within a prescribed 30 day timeline. 
(i) 
OECD Model GloBE Rules and the European Commission’s Proposed Directive on GloBE 
Rules 
Ireland has implemented EU Directive 2022/2523 which introduces a minimum effective tax rate of 
15 per cent. for MNEs (or large scale domestic groups) with revenues of at least €750,000,000 (the 
“GloBE Rules”). If the Issuer is regarded as part of an “MNE Group” (or a large-scale domestic 
group or an in-scope domestic entity) which has revenues of more than €750,000,000 a year in at 
least two out of the previous four years, it may be within the scope of the GloBE Rules. Broadly, the 
Issuer will be part of an MNE Group (or a large scale domestic group) for these purposes if it is 
consolidated with other entities under specified financial accounting standards (or would be but for 
certain exceptions) or has one or more permanent establishments. If the Issuer is part of an MNE 
Group (or large-scale domestic group or an in-scope domestic entity) which has revenues of more 
than €750,000,000, it could potentially become subject to a ‘top-up’ tax to the extent that its effective 
tax rate (as calculated for the purposes of the GloBE Rules) is lower than 15 per cent.

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
26 
(j) 
Common Reporting Standard  
The common reporting standard framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014 as a 
result of the G20 members endorsing a global model of automatic exchange of information in order 
to increase international tax transparency. On July 21, 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange 
of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters was published by the OECD and this includes the 
Common Reporting Standard (the “CRS”). The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual 
automatic exchange between governments of financial account information reported to them by 
local reporting financial institutions (as defined) (“FIs”) relating to account holders who are tax 
resident in other participating jurisdictions. 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation (“DAC II”) implements 
the CRS in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU member states to 
exchange financial account information in respect of residents in other EU member states on an 
annual basis commencing in 2017 in respect of the 2016 calendar year (or from 2018 in the case of 
Austria).  
Ireland is a signatory jurisdiction to a Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on the automatic 
exchange of financial account information in respect of the CRS and the CRS (and DAC II) have 
been implemented into Irish law by Sections 891F and 891G of the TCA 1997 and regulations made 
thereunder with effect from January 1, 2016.  
Irish FIs (such as the Issuer) will be obliged to make a single return in respect of CRS and DAC II. 
For the purposes of complying with its obligations under CRS and DAC II, an Irish FI (such as the 
Issuer) will be entitled to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their and, in 
certain circumstances, their controlling persons’ tax status, identity or residence in order to satisfy 
any reporting requirements which the Issuer may have as a result of CRS and DAC II and 
Noteholders will be deemed by their holding to have authorized the automatic disclosure of such 
information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) or any other person to the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners. The information will be provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
who will exchange the information with the tax authorities of other participating jurisdictions, as 
applicable. Failure by an Irish FI to comply with its CRS and DAC II obligations may result in the 
Issuer being deemed to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations and monetary penalties 
may be imposed on a non-compliant FI under Irish legislation.  
The Issuer (or any nominated service provider) will agree that information (including the identity of 
any Noteholder) supplied for the purposes of CRS and DAC II compliance is intended for the Issuer’s 
(or any nominated service provider’s) use for the purposes of satisfying CRS and DAC II 
requirements and the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) will agree, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, that it will take reasonable steps to treat such information in a confidential manner, 
except that the Issuer may disclose such information (i) to its officers, directors, agents and advisors, 
(ii) to the extent reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with tax matters, including 
achieving CRS and DAC II compliance, (iii) to any person with the consent of the applicable 
Noteholder, or (iv) as otherwise required by law or court order or on the advice of its advisors. 
Further information in relation to CRS can be found on the Automatic Exchange of Information 
webpage on www.revenue.ie.  
(k) 
FATCA 
(i) 
Background  
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a withholding tax is 
imposed on (i) certain U.S. source payments and (ii) beginning on the date that is two years 
after the date of publication in the U.S. Federal Register of final regulations defining the term

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
27 
“foreign passthru payment”, payments made by “foreign financial institutions” that are treated 
as foreign passthru payments. This withholding tax is imposed on such payments made to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Ireland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA to instruments or 
agreements such as the Collateral, the Swap Agreement and the Notes, including whether 
withholding on foreign passthru payments would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments or agreements such as the Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement and/or the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
(ii) 
Possible impact on payments on Original Collateral or under the Swap Agreement 
If the Issuer fails to comply with its obligations under FATCA (including the IGA entered into 
between Ireland and the United States to implement FATCA and any IGA legislation 
thereunder) it may be subject to FATCA Withholding on all, or a portion of, payments it 
receives with respect to the Original Collateral or the Swap Agreement. Any such withholding 
would, in turn, result in the Issuer having insufficient funds from which to make payments that 
would otherwise have become due in respect of the Notes or the Swap Agreement, with 
respect to a Series. No other funds will be available to the Issuer or any other Transaction 
Party to make up any such shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds 
to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders. Additionally, if payments to the Issuer in 
respect of the Original Collateral are, will become or are deemed on any test date to be 
subject to FATCA Withholding, the Notes will be subject to early redemption (see the risk 
factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other 
reasons” below). No assurance can be given that the Issuer can or will comply with its 
obligations under FATCA or that the Issuer will not be subject to FATCA Withholding.  
(iii) 
Possible redemption of the Notes 
If the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes has 
failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in accordance with 
Condition 12(b) (Provision of Information) such that any payment received by the Issuer may 
be subject to a deduction or withholding or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in each 
case, pursuant to an Information Reporting Regime, the Notes shall redeem early at their 
Early Redemption Amount (as further described in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the 
Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” below).  
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes and the Noteholders is 
subject to change.  
(l) 
Information reporting obligations and FATCA Amendments 
Information relating to the Notes, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be provided 
to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting and 
transparency regimes (including, without limitation, in relation to FATCA). This may include (but is 
not limited to) information relating to the value of the Notes, amounts paid or credited with respect 
to the Notes, details of the holders or beneficial owners of the Notes and information and documents 
in connection with transactions relating to the Notes. In certain circumstances, the information 
obtained by a tax authority may be provided to tax authorities in other countries. Some jurisdictions 
operate a withholding system in place of, or in addition to, such provision of information 
requirements. Pursuant to the Conditions and subject to certain limitations, a holder or beneficial 
owner of Notes is required to provide information reasonably requested by the Issuer and/or any

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
28 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer for purposes of the Issuer’s or such agent’s compliance with 
applicable information reporting regimes. If, for a Series, any Noteholder or beneficial owner fails to 
provide any information so requested by the Issuer, the Issuer may withhold amounts from 
Noteholders (including intermediaries through which such Notes are held) or such Series may be 
the subject of an early redemption. 
Additionally, the Issuer is permitted, subject to the fulfilment of certain requirements set out in 
Condition 12(c) (FATCA Amendments), to make any amendments (other than an amendment that 
would require a “special quorum resolution” as defined in the Trust Deed) to the terms of the Notes, 
the Swap Agreement and any other Transaction Document (except for the Programme Deed) as 
may be necessary to enable the Issuer to comply with its obligations under FATCA (including the 
IGA entered into between Ireland and the United States to implement FATCA and any IGA 
legislation thereunder) or its obligations under any legislation or agreements relating to any 
applicable Information Reporting Regime and any such amendment will be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional amounts if 
FATCA Withholding or any other withholding or deduction or charge in connection with an 
Information Reporting Regime is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the Notes. As a 
result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as applicable, than expected. 
Each Noteholder should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA 
and the other Information Reporting Regimes and to learn how FATCA and the other Information 
Reporting Regimes might affect such Noteholder in light of its particular circumstances. 
(m) 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
The Issuer is a public limited company registered in Ireland and therefore subject to the provisions 
of the Companies Act 2014, as may be amended from time to time. The Office of the Director for 
Corporate Enforcement is responsible for investigating and supporting the possible initiation of 
criminal proceedings in cases of suspected breaches of company law. The Issuer is not required to 
be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities, insurance or 
banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation. There is no assurance, however, that 
in the future such regulatory authorities would not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of 
any such laws or regulations to the Issuer. There is also no assurance that the regulatory authorities 
in other jurisdictions would not require the Issuer to be licensed or authorised under any securities, 
commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of those jurisdictions. Any requirement to be 
licensed or authorised could have an adverse effect on the Issuer and could give rise to 
circumstances that could result in the early redemption of the Notes, which may prove to be adverse 
to the holders of the Notes. 
(n) 
No registration as investment company 
The Issuer has not been registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
No opinion or no-action position has been requested of the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”) in respect of such non-registration. If the SEC or a court of competent 
jurisdiction were to find that the Issuer is required to register as an investment company but, in 
violation of the Investment Company Act, had failed to do so, possible consequences include, but 
are not limited to, the SEC applying to enjoin the violation, Noteholders suing the Issuer to recover 
any damages caused by the violation and any contract to which the Issuer is a party made in 
violation or whose performance involves a violation of the Investment Company Act being 
unenforceable unless enforcing such contract would produce a more equitable result. Should the 
Issuer be subjected to any or all of the foregoing or to any other consequences, the Issuer would 
be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
29 
(o) 
Not a Bank Deposit 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Ireland and is not within 
the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. The Issuer is not 
regulated by the Central Bank by virtue of the issue of the Notes. As a result, if the Issuer goes out 
of business or becomes insolvent, you may lose all or part of your investment in Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
2 
Risks relating to the Notes 
(a) 
Amounts payable to Noteholders on early redemption 
Where “Sale to Belgian Consumers” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
amount payable to a Noteholder on an early redemption will be an amount per Note equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount, being either: (i) the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such 
amount specified therein) or (ii) if no such amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such 
Note’s pro rata share of (A) the proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the Collateral and any other 
assets in respect of the relevant Series available to the Issuer plus (B) any early termination 
payment under the Swap Agreement payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer minus (C) 
any early termination payment under the Swap Agreement payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty.  
Where “Sale to Belgian Consumers” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
amount payable to a Noteholder on an early redemption will be an amount per Note in the Specified 
Currency equal to the Early Redemption Amount, being either (i) if the Early Redemption Event 
resulted from a Force Majeure Event, the Fair Market Value of such Note on the Early Valuation 
Date; or (ii) if the Early Redemption Amount did not result from a Force Majeure Event, the sum of 
the Fair Market Value of such Note on the Early Valuation Date and the Additional Reimbursement 
Amount of such Note. 
The Noteholders will be paid such amounts after payment of any priority claims in accordance with 
the Conditions. There is no assurance that in such circumstances the proceeds available following 
payment of any such priority claims will be sufficient to pay in full the amounts that holders of the 
relevant Notes would expect to receive if the Notes redeemed in accordance with their terms on 
their Maturity Date or that such holders will receive back the amount they originally invested. 
The Noteholders will be exposed to the market value of the Collateral and the Swap Agreement (for 
a consideration of factors that may impact such values see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the 
Notes – Market value of Notes” below).  
(b) 
Limited recourse obligations 
The Notes are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely out of the 
Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee on behalf of 
the Noteholders and other Secured Creditors. Payments due in respect of the Notes will be made 
solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Mortgaged Property. 
The Issuer will have no other assets or sources of revenue available for payment of any of its 
obligations under the Notes. No assurance can be made that the proceeds available for and 
allocated to the repayment of the Notes at any particular time will be sufficient to cover all amounts 
that would otherwise be due and payable in respect of the Notes. If the proceeds of the Liquidation 
of the Collateral received by the Disposal Agent or the realisation of the Security received by the 
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders prove insufficient to make payments on the Notes, no 
other assets will be available for payment of the shortfall, and, following distribution of the proceeds

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
30 
of such Liquidation or realisation, any outstanding claim, debt or liability against the Issuer in relation 
to the Notes remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability shall be extinguished and 
no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Further, the Noteholders may not, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors or any of their 
assets. Only the Trustee may pursue remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of 
the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons and no Noteholder or Couponholder shall 
be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to 
proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable period 
and such failure is continuing. In addition, in respect of any failure by the Issuer to make payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or Instalment Amount that became due and 
payable on the Maturity Date, the Trustee may not pursue any remedies against the Issuer for any 
breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons until after the 
Relevant Payment Date, which is the 15th Reference Business Day after the Maturity Date, and the 
Trustee shall have no liability to any person for any loss which may arise from such delay. 
In addition, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance 
with, and subject to, the terms of the Trust Deed. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Notes. 
(c) 
If Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate, investors will 
have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be (but, for the avoidance of doubt, are not required to be) 
represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate. Such Global Notes or Global 
Registered Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or 
Global Registered Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes or Registered 
Certificates. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect 
participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Registered 
Certificates. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of 
a beneficial interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in Global Notes or Global Registered Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate will not have a 
direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be 
permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective participants to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in a Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate will not have a direct right 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Certificate to take enforcement action against the

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
31 
Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under 
the Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Meetings of Noteholders, electronic consent and written resolutions  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests generally and to obtain written resolutions on matters relating to the Notes 
from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall, for all 
purposes, be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held.  
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or clearing 
systems, the Issuer and the Trustee will be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed 
by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, and such electronic consents shall, for 
all purposes, be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held.  
A written resolution or an electronic consent described above may be effected in connection with 
any matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including modifying the maturity date of the Notes 
or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate 
of interest payable in respect of the Notes or directing the Trustee to accelerate the Notes following 
the occurrence of an Event of Default, that would otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders satisfying a special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution (or participate in 
the written resolution or electronic consent, as the case may be) and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority (either in a meeting or by written resolution or electronic consent). 
Consequently, the rights of a holder of less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding, or a Noteholder who does not attend and vote at a meeting or participate 
in respect of a resolution or consent irrespective of its holding, may be varied in a manner that is 
adverse to its wishes and/or interests. 
In accordance with the Trust Deed, whenever the Trustee is bound to act at the request or direction 
of the Noteholders or any other Secured Creditor including by way of Extraordinary Resolution, the 
Trustee shall nevertheless not be so bound unless first indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability in connection with any 
action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with a written resolution, an electronic consent 
or a resolution purporting to have been passed at a meeting of Noteholders. Therefore, there may 
be a delay in enacting the request or direction of the Noteholders or any other Secured Creditor if 
the Trustee has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  
(e) 
Modification, waivers and substitution  
The Trustee may (but without any obligation to do so), without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, (i) agree to any modification to the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) agree to any modification to (except as set out in the Trust 
Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document that is, in each case, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, (iii) determine that an

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
32 
Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Enforcement Event shall not be treated as such, 
provided that, in the Trustee’s opinion, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced thereby or (iv) agree to the substitution of another entity as the principal debtor under 
any Notes in place of the Issuer. Any such substitution must satisfy certain conditions, including 
without limitation that (i) a Rating Agency Affirmation has been received and provided to the Trustee 
at the time of substitution from each Rating Agency (if any) then rating outstanding Notes at the 
request of the Issuer, (ii) a deed is executed or an undertaking is given by the substitute company 
to the Trustee agreeing to be bound by the relevant Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons, the Talons and each other Transaction Document (with consequential amendments as 
the Trustee may deem appropriate) as if the substitute company had been name in the relevant 
Trust Deed and other Transaction Documents, the Notes, the Registered Certificates, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Talons as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer, (iii) the substitute company 
assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Mortgaged Property, acknowledges 
the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed and takes all such action 
as the Trustee may require so that the Security constitutes a valid charge, pledge or other security 
interest as was originally created by the Issuer for the obligations of the substitute company, (iv) two 
directors of the substitute company certify to the Trustee that it will be solvent immediately after 
such substitution upon which certification the Trustee may rely on without further enquiry and without 
liability (the Trustee need not have regard to the substitute company’s financial condition, profits or 
prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer), (v) the Trustee shall be satisfied (if it requires, 
by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents necessary for or in connection with the assumption by the Substitute Obligor of liability as 
principal debtor in respect of, and of its obligations under, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, 
the Talons and the Transaction Documents have been obtained and (b) such approvals and 
consents are at the time of substitution in full force and effect, (vi) the Issuer and the substitute 
company shall execute and the Issuer shall procure that each relevant Transaction Party shall 
execute such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order 
that such substitution is fully effective, (vii) in connection with any proposed substitution of the 
Issuer, the Trustee may without the consent of the holders of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons, agree to a change of the law from time to time governing such Notes, Receipts, Coupons 
or Talons and/or the relevant Trust Deed and the Issue Document and/or any other Transaction 
Document, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, (viii) the Issuer and the substitute company comply 
with such other requirements as the Trustee may direct in the interests of the Noteholders, and (ix) 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed substitution. 
Notwithstanding these conditions, Noteholders in respect of any Series where the Issuer is 
substituted may nevertheless suffer losses arising out of the substitution process and shall be 
exposed to the creditworthiness of the substitute company. As the substitute company will also be 
a special purpose vehicle, claims against that substitute company by the Secured Creditors 
(including the Noteholders) in respect of such Series will be limited to the net proceeds of the 
Mortgaged Property for that particular Series. 
(f) 
Trustee indemnity and remuneration 
In certain circumstances, the Noteholders may be dependent on the Trustee to take certain actions 
in respect of a Series, in particular if the Security in respect of such Series becomes enforceable 
under the Conditions. Prior to taking such action, the Trustee may require to be indemnified and/or 
secured and or pre-funded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction it may decide not to take such action and such inaction will not 
constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust Deed. Consequently, the Noteholders 
would have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding or accept the 
consequences of such inaction by the Trustee. Noteholders should be prepared to bear the costs

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
33 
associated with any such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding and/or the consequences of 
any such inaction by the Trustee. Such inaction by the Trustee will not entitle Noteholders to take 
action directly against the Issuer or the Trustee to pursue remedies for any breach by the Issuer of 
the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons (although the events giving rise to the need for the Trustee 
to take action might (in very limited circumstances) also permit the Noteholders to exercise certain 
rights directly under the Conditions).  
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall pay the Trustee remuneration for its services. 
Such remuneration, together with the Issuer’s obligation to indemnify the Trustee and pay its costs, 
charges, expenses, losses and liabilities, may reduce the amount payable to Noteholders.  
(g) 
Noteholders required to take action in certain circumstances 
In certain circumstances the Noteholders may need to take collective action in order to exercise 
rights granted to them in the Conditions. In particular, for a Series: 
(i) 
in the case of an Event of Default in respect of the Notes, there will be no early redemption 
of the Notes unless the Trustee exercises its discretion to declare an early redemption or is 
directed to declare an early redemption by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the 
Notes (provided, in each case, the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction);  
(ii) 
in the case of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, there will be no early redemption of 
the Notes unless the Issuer is directed to declare an early redemption by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Notes; 
(iii) 
in the case of a Swap Agreement Event, there will be no early redemption of the Notes unless 
the Trustee (and consequently the Issuer) is directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
holders of the Notes to terminate the Swap Agreement; 
(iv) 
in the case of an Enforcement Event, there will be no enforcement of the Security unless the 
Trustee exercises its discretion to enforce the Security or is (i) requested to enforce the 
Security in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding, (ii) directed to enforce the Security by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the holders of the Notes or (iii) directed to enforce the Security in writing by the Swap 
Counterparty (whichever shall be the first to so request or direct) (provided, in each case, the 
Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction); and 
(v) 
in the case of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event or a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, 
the Issuer may need to be directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes 
to appoint a substitute Calculation Agent (to enable certain calculations to be made in respect 
of the Notes) or Disposal Agent (to enable liquidation of the Collateral), as the case may be. 
(h) 
Priority of claims 
Following a Liquidation and on an enforcement of the Security, the rights of the Noteholders to be 
paid amounts due under the Notes will be subordinated to (i) amounts owing to the Swap 
Counterparty representing the return of its excess collateral transferred under the Credit Support 
Annex and/or manufactured distributions thereon, (ii) all taxes owing or to be owing by the Issuer, 
(iii) the fees, costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee (including costs 
incurred in the enforcement of the Security, any taxes to be paid and the Trustee’s remuneration), 
(iv) amounts owing to the Custodian, amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of 
reimbursement for sums paid by them in advance of receipt by them of the funds to make such 
payment, and the fees, costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities due and payable to the 
Agents and the Custodian, (v) the fees of the Disposal Agent, (vi) amounts owing to the Swap

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
34 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and (vii) any other claims as specified in the Conditions, 
as may be amended by the Trust Deed relating to the Notes of the relevant Series, that rank in 
priority to the Notes. 
(i) 
No gross-up 
If any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on or in respect of the Notes (as 
a result of any Information Reporting Regime or otherwise), the Noteholders will not be entitled to 
either receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax or be reimbursed for the 
amount of any shortfall. In certain circumstances, the imposition of such taxes or deductions for tax 
will result in the Notes being redeemed early at their Early Redemption Amount (as further described 
in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or 
other reasons” below). 
(j) 
Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed on a date other than on the Maturity Date pursuant to “Master 
Conditions - Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase)” upon the occurrence of: 
(i) 
the Original Collateral being called for redemption or repayment prior to its scheduled 
maturity date (other than a scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral); 
(ii) 
certain other events with respect to the Original Collateral; 
(iii) 
certain tax events with respect to the Notes or the Original Collateral; 
(iv) 
the termination of the Swap Agreement; 
(v) 
the bankruptcy of the Swap Counterparty; 
(vi) 
a change in law following which it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations; 
(vii) 
certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Original Collateral Reference Rate; 
(viii) 
certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Reference Rate;  
(ix) 
an Issuer Call Condition being satisfied;  
(x) 
a Noteholder Early Redemption Option being exercised; or 
(xi) 
an Event of Default with respect to the Notes.  
The Issuer shall:  
(A) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraphs (i), (iii), (iv) and (vi) above;  
(B) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraphs (ii), (vii) and (viii) above 
following receipt of a notice from the Calculation Agent determining that an Original Collateral 
Default Event, an Original Collateral Disruption Event or a Reference Rate Default Event has 
occurred; 
(C) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (v) above following a direction 
to do so from the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution;  
(D) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (ix) above following receipt of 
an Autocall Termination Notice or an Optional Termination Notice (each as defined in the 
Swap Agreement), as applicable, determining that an Issuer Call Condition has been 
satisfied; and

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
35 
(E) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (x) above following receipt of a 
valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice from 100 per cent. Noteholders. 
The Trustee may, and shall, following a direction to do so from the Noteholders acting by 
Extraordinary Resolution, direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (x) above, 
subject in each case to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction. 
The Noteholders may also, acting by Extraordinary Resolution and upon the occurrence of an event 
following which the Issuer is able to terminate the Swap Agreement, direct the Trustee (who will 
give a corresponding direction to the Issuer provided it is indemnified and/or prefunded and/or 
secured to its satisfaction) to so terminate the Swap Agreement, which will result in the redemption 
of the Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (x) above has occurred.  
In such circumstances, the Disposal Agent may be required to liquidate the Collateral and/or the 
Trustee may enforce the Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (as the case 
may be) and any Swap Agreement may terminate in accordance with its terms (for the impact of an 
early redemption on the amounts payable to Noteholders, see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to 
the Notes – Amounts payable to Noteholders on early redemption” above).  
(k) 
Determinations of Swap Agreement Termination Payments 
Upon early termination of the Swap Agreement (if any), an early termination payment based on the 
losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains of the determining party in entering into a replacement 
transaction or its economic equivalent (or otherwise determined in accordance with the terms of 
such Swap Agreement) will be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, or (as the case may 
be) by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. Such payment will generally 
be determined by the Swap Counterparty save where it is in default. If the Swap Counterparty is in 
default, the Issuer will need to appoint a substitute calculation agent under the Swap Agreement for 
the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. The determination of any such 
losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains will be dependent on a number of factors, including, 
without limitation, (i) the creditworthiness and liquidity of the assets underlying the swap payments, 
(ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to 
the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement and (iv) where 
a Credit Support Annex has been entered into as part of the Swap Agreement, the value of any 
collateral received by the Issuer, or collateral posted by the Issuer, thereunder. The determination 
of a termination payment and the factors which are taken into account in making that determination, 
may significantly impact amounts payable to Noteholders. For the purposes of determining such a 
termination payment, the relevant party is required to act in good faith and to use commercially 
reasonable procedures to produce a commercially reasonable result. 
If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty disputes the determination of a 
termination payment, any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders will be delayed until such 
dispute is resolved. 
(l) 
Market value of Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to 
(i) the value and volatility of the Original Collateral and the creditworthiness of the issuers and 
obligors of any Original Collateral, (ii) the value and volatility of any index, securities, commodities 
or other obligations to which payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the 
creditworthiness of the issuers or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to which

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
36 
payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, interest rates, 
yields and foreign exchange rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date and (v) the nature 
and liquidity of the Swap Agreement or any other derivative or repurchase transaction entered into 
by the Issuer or embedded in the Notes or the Original Collateral. Any price at which Notes may be 
sold prior to the Maturity Date may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at 
which the Notes were acquired on the Issue Date. 
Prospective investors should be aware that not all market participants would determine prices in 
respect of the Notes in the same manner, and the variation between such prices may be substantial. 
Accordingly, any prices provided by a Dealer may not be representative of prices that may be 
provided by other market participants. For this reason, any price provided or quoted by a Dealer 
should not be viewed or relied upon by prospective investors as establishing, or constituting advice 
by that Dealer concerning, a mark-to-market value of the Notes. The price (if any) provided by a 
Dealer is at the absolute discretion of that Dealer and may be determined by reference to such 
factors as it sees fit. Any such price may take into account fees, commissions or arrangements 
entered into by the Dealer with a third party in respect of the Notes and that Dealer shall have no 
obligation to any Noteholder to disclose such arrangements. Any price given would be prepared as 
of a particular date and time and would not therefore reflect subsequent changes in market values 
or any other factors relevant to the determination of the price. 
(m) 
Valuations and calculations derived from models 
Valuations or calculations in respect of Notes and certain asset classes of instruments comprising 
the Collateral relating to Notes have typically been based on quoted market prices or market inputs. 
However, since 2007 actively traded markets for a number of such asset classes and obligors have 
either ceased to exist or have reduced significantly. The lack or limited availability of such market 
prices or inputs has significantly impaired the ability to make accurate valuations or calculations in 
respect of the Notes and such underlying instruments. No assurance can be given that similar 
impairment may not occur in the future. 
In a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on valuations 
derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the markets and/or that are based 
on historical data and trends. Such models often rely on certain assumptions about the values or 
behaviour of such unobservable inputs or about the behaviour of the markets generally or interpolate 
future outcomes from historical data. In a number of cases, the extent of the market volatility and 
disruption has resulted in the assumptions being incorrect to a significant degree or in extreme 
departures from historical trends. Where reliance is placed on historical data, in certain instances 
such data may only be available for relatively short time periods (for example, data with respect to 
prices in relatively new markets) and such data may not be as statistically representative as data 
for longer periods. 
Prospective investors should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or calculation relating 
to the Notes (including any instrument comprising the Collateral relating to the Notes) that is 
determined by reference to a model and that certain assumptions will be made in operating the 
model which may prove to be incorrect and give rise to significantly different outcomes to those 
predicted by the model. 
(n) 
Credit ratings 
Notes may or may not be rated. The applicable Issue Terms for any Notes will specify if such rating 
is a condition to issue of such Notes. The rating(s) of the Notes for a Series will be on the basis of 
the assessment of each relevant Rating Agency of the ratings of the Original Collateral and/or the 
Original Collateral Obligor, the rating of the Swap Counterparty and the terms of the Notes. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes, inasmuch as such rating

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
37 
does not comment as to market price or suitability for a particular investor. There is no assurance 
that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn 
entirely by a Rating Agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. If a rating 
initially assigned to any Notes is subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged 
to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to such Notes or to make any 
change to the terms of the Notes or any Transaction Document and the market value of such Notes 
is likely to be adversely affected. 
Prospective investors should ensure they understand what any rating associated with the Notes 
(whether of the Notes themselves, of any Original Collateral Obligor (or any guarantor or credit 
support provider in respect thereof), of the Swap Counterparty or of any other party or entity involved 
in or related to the Notes) means and what it addresses and what it does not address. 
The assignment of a rating to the Notes should not be treated by a prospective investor as meaning 
that such investor does not need to make its own investigations into, and determinations of, the 
risks and merits of an investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors who place too much reliance on ratings, or who do not understand what the 
rating addresses, may make an investment which is of a different type to what was originally 
intended as a result. 
During its holding of a Note, a Noteholder should take such steps as it considers necessary to 
evaluate the ongoing risks and merits of a continued investment in such Note. Such steps should 
not rely solely on ratings. In particular, prospective investors should not rely solely on downgrades 
of ratings as indicators of deteriorating credit. Market indicators (such as rising credit default spreads 
and yield spreads with respect to the relevant entity) often indicate significant credit issues prior to 
any downgrade. During the global financial crisis, rating agencies were the subject of criticism from 
a number of global organisations because the rating agencies were not considered to have 
downgraded entities on a sufficiently timely basis. 
(o) 
Specified Denominations may involve integral multiples 
Notes may have Specified Denominations of a certain amount plus one or more integral multiples 
of a smaller amount (the “Integral Multiples”) in excess thereof, in which case (i) for so long as the 
relevant clearing systems so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in the minimum authorised 
denomination of the Specified Denomination and the Integral Multiples and (ii) it is possible that the 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Specified Denomination that are not Integral 
Multiples of the Specified Denomination. A Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts as 
contemplated in (ii) above, holds an amount which is less than the Specified Denomination in its 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to at least the Specified Denomination in order to be 
able to (A) transfer its Notes (subject in all cases to the rules and procedures of the relevant clearing 
system) or (B) receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed). 
(p) 
Application of negative interest rates 
Negative interest rates may apply from time to time in certain circumstances to any cash funds held 
by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer which have been transferred by the Swap Counterparty to 
the cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the books of the Custodian, for the 
Notes of that Series in respect of the Credit Support Annex (the “CSA Cash Account”) to cover its 
credit risk in accordance with the Credit Support Annex. 
To the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the Swap Counterparty will pay an 
additional amount to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex. The application of any negative

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
38 
interest rates will ultimately be borne by the Swap Counterparty unless the Swap Agreement is 
terminated as a result of an event of default thereunder by either the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty or as a result of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, in which case the reduction 
in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount to be claimed by the Issuer from (and 
therefore the credit risk to) the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. 
(q) 
Risks associated with Notes paying a fixed rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes for which the coupon is fixed (including Fixed Rate Notes), subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. A decrease in market 
interest rates will have a positive impact on the value of the Notes, as the rate of interest payable 
on the Notes will remain unchanged. Conversely, an increase in market interest rates will have an 
adverse impact on the value of the Notes. 
(r) 
Risks associated with Notes paying a floating rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes (including Floating Rate Notes) for which the coupon payable by the Issuer 
is determined in part by reference to a designated interest rate, index, benchmark or other price 
source (each a “Reference Rate” for the purposes of such Notes): 
(i) 
the interest rate payable pursuant to the Notes will vary in accordance with the level of the 
Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
during the term of the Notes, the Reference Rate may be lower than it was as at the Issue 
Date; and 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate may be negative, which means that the interest rate payable may be 
less than the margin stated to be payable pursuant to the Notes and could be zero. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they fully understand how the interest rate applicable to 
any Series is determined and, where a Reference Rate is relevant, how such Reference Rate is 
established and administered. See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Benchmark 
reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event” below for a description of the risks relating to the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event in respect of certain Reference Rates. 
(s) 
Resolution of financial institutions 
(i) 
Potential impact on the Notes 
Following the global financial crisis, in 2011 the Financial Stability Board (the “FSB”) 
produced a document setting out key attributes of effective resolution regimes for financial 
institutions. Resolution is the process by which the authorities can intervene to manage the 
failure of a firm in an orderly fashion. The FSB’s proposals have been implemented in the 
laws of, among others, the European Union and the United States. 
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any regime may 
adversely affect the Noteholders. Whilst the Issuer itself is unlikely to be within scope of any 
implementing legislation, if the obligor in respect of any Collateral (including the Original 
Collateral Obligor), the Swap Counterparty is within the scope of any implementing 
legislation: 
(A) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such person; 
(B) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any 
termination rights under the Swap Agreement; or

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
39 
(C) 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the 
Swap Agreement and to value the transactions in respect of such agreements (which 
value may be different to the value that would have been determined by the Issuer, 
the Swap Counterparty).  
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial institutions 
is complex and the resolution of any Collateral Obligor or the Swap Counterparty is likely to 
adversely affect the Notes in multiple and unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any 
powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its 
obligations under the Notes or any Transaction Document for the Notes of that Series, the 
Notes may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds 
to Noteholders may be delayed. Each Noteholder should take such advice as it deems 
necessary to ensure that it understands the impact that a resolution regime may have on its 
investment in the Notes. 
(ii) 
Qualified financial contracts 
In September 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Board of 
Governors”) adopted a final rule (the “Final Rule”) imposing restrictions on the ability of a 
party to call a default under, or to restrict transfers of, certain qualified financial contracts 
(“QFCs”) entered into by any top-tier bank holding company identified by the Board of 
Governors as a global systemically important banking organisation (each a “GSIB”), the 
subsidiaries of any U.S. GSIB (with certain exceptions) or the U.S. operations of any foreign 
GSIB (with certain exceptions) (collectively, subject to certain exceptions, “Covered 
Entities”). The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of 
the Currency have adopted parallel rules which are substantively the same as the Final Rule. 
A QFC includes, among other things, over-the-counter derivatives, repurchase agreements, 
contracts for the purchase or sale of securities and any credit enhancement in respect of the 
foregoing contracts (including a guarantee as well as a charge, pledge, mortgage or other 
similar credit support arrangement). In respect of the Notes of each Series, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Dealer and the Vendor may be Covered Entities to which the Final Rule 
applies and the Swap Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Collateral Sale Provisions and 
the Trust Deed (as non-U.S. law governed contracts) are likely to constitute QFCs. 
While the relevant U.S. federal banking laws and regulations (the “U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes”) provide for such restrictions on default rights and transfers, if the relevant contract 
is not governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States, a court 
outside the United States may decline to enforce such provisions even if a Covered Entity is 
in a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime. To address this, the Final Rule 
requires a Covered Entity to ensure that each QFC it enters into (a “Covered QFC”) includes 
provisions that (i) restrict default rights against such Covered Entity to the same extent as 
provided under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) restrict the exercise of any 
cross-default rights against such Covered Entity based on any affiliate’s entry into bankruptcy 
or similar proceedings. In respect of the Notes of each Series, each Transaction Document 
which constitutes a Covered QFC will include provisions which reflect these requirements 
and, as a result, the Issuer may face a delay in being able to enforce its rights against such 
a Transaction Party or be restricted from terminating such a Transaction Document. 
(t) 
Limited liquidity of the Notes 
Although application shall be made for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on an EEA stock 
exchange and may be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on other or further 
stock exchanges, there is currently no secondary market for the Notes. There can be no assurance

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
40 
that a secondary market for any of the Notes will develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, 
that it will provide the holders of the Notes with liquidity or that it will continue for the life of the Notes. 
Consequently, any investor in the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period 
of time or until redemption of the Notes or to sell the Notes at significant discounts to their fair market 
value or to the amount originally invested. If the Dealer begins making a market for the Notes, it is 
under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop making such a market at any time. 
(u) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls may result in investors receiving less interest or 
principal than expected 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the “Notes Currency”). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if 
an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency”) other than the Notes Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Notes Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Notes Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
(v) 
Purchases by Ineligible Investors 
An Ineligible Investor should be aware of the potential consequences of it purchasing Notes. The 
rights of the Issuer are specified in “Master Conditions – Condition 24(a) (Rights of the Issuer)” and 
include the right to compel a Noteholder that is an Ineligible Investor to transfer the relevant Notes 
to the Issuer. The price that will be paid by the Issuer in such a scenario may be less than par. In 
particular, if the specified denomination of the Collateral is such that it could not be delivered to the 
Noteholder in integral multiples, when selling such Collateral, the Issuer shall round down the 
Collateral to be sold, such that the Noteholder will receive less than it would have been entitled to 
on the maturity date of the relevant Notes. 
(w) 
Benchmark reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event 
Reference Rates, including interest rate benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”), Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interbank offered rates (LIBOR and 
EURIBOR, together with such other rates, “IBORs”), which are and have been used to determine 
the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments have, in 
recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny and reform as to how they are 
created and operated.  
Some of these reforms are already effective and have already resulted in the cessation or non-
representativeness of certain benchmarks, including sterling LIBOR, Japanese Yen LIBOR and U.S. 
Dollar LIBOR, while others are still to be implemented or formulated. The Programme contains 
fallback provisions relating to these reforms that may impact the terms and conditions of any Series 
of Notes, and/or lead to their early redemption, if certain events or circumstances have occurred, or 
subsequently occur, in connection with a relevant Reference Rate.

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
41 
(i) 
ARRs 
Relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from IBORs and have 
identified ARRs to take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. These ARRs 
include (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), (ii) for 
EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”) and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”).  
ARRs are “backward-looking” such that interest payments are calculated shortly before the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Therefore, Noteholders will have significantly less notice of 
the amounts due to be paid for an Interest Period where the relevant interest rate is 
determined by reference to an ARR. Forward-looking ARRs are not generally available as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and there is no certainty that they will be available in respect 
of any currency or any particular product in the future. 
Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, ARRs are overnight 
rates and are intended to be nearly risk-free. However, ARRs are comparatively new and 
less historical data is available than for IBORs. As such, Noteholders should be aware that 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR may behave materially differently from the IBORs as interest 
reference rates and could provide a worse return over time than an IBOR. 
(ii) 
Triggers, fallbacks and amendment rights 
To the extent that any Notes or Swap Agreement relating to the Notes of a Series reference 
a Reference Rate, prospective investors should understand (i) what fallbacks might apply in 
place of such Reference Rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks will be triggered and (iii) what 
amendment rights (if any) exist under the terms of such Notes or Swap Agreement. 
Prospective investors should also be aware of the consequences of similar events occurring 
in respect of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor titled “Consequence of Original 
Collateral Disruption Event” below.  
(iii) 
Determining the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If a Series references a Reference Rate, there is a risk that a Reference Rate Event might 
have already occurred at the time of issue of such Series or may occur in the future in respect 
of such Reference Rate. A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if (A) the Reference 
Rate has ceased or will cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely, (B) the administrator 
of the Reference Rate ceases to have the necessary authorisations and as a result it is not 
permitted under applicable law for one or more persons to perform their obligations under 
the Notes and/or any hedge transactions entered into by the Swap Counterparty, (C) the 
Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference 
such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development pursuant to which such 
Reference Rate is replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) on a specified date, 
(D) the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate makes or publishes 
a public statement announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality 
that the Reference Rate is intended to measure and that its representativeness will not be 
restored, such statement being made in the awareness that it will engage certain contractual 
triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor or (E) if 
“Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference 
Rate, has materially changed or as of a specified future date will materially change.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
42 
It may be uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a 
Reference Rate. Whether a Reference Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Investors should be aware that if “Material Change Event” is specified to be not applicable in 
the Issue Terms, a change (whether material or not) to the definition, methodology or formula 
for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating such Reference Rate will not, in itself, 
constitute a Reference Rate Event unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Each Noteholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will not be entitled to 
any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
(iv) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of 
a relevant Reference Rate, it will attempt to (A) identify an alternative Reference Rate, (B) 
calculate an adjustment spread that will be applied to the alternative Reference Rate (an 
“Adjustment Spread”) and (C) determine such other amendments which it considers are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with an alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) 
and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before 
and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with an alternative Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread).  
Investors should be aware that (I) the application of any alternative Reference Rate 
(notwithstanding the inclusion of any Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential 
amendments, could result in the relevant interest rate being determined on a different day 
than originally intended and/or a lower amount being payable to Noteholders than would 
otherwise have been the case, (II) any such Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment 
Spread) and any consequential amendments shall apply without requiring the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders and (III) if no alternative Reference Rate can be identified 
or Adjustment Spread calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Conditions, 
the Notes will be the subject of an early redemption. There is no guarantee that an alternative 
Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent.  
(v) 
Determination of alternative Reference Rate and any Adjustment Spread 
When identifying alternative Reference Rates, the Calculation Agent may only have regard 
to (A) any alternative specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (B) Reference Rates that are 
recognised or acknowledged as being industry standard replacements for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions. If both an alternative Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and an industry standard replacement Reference Rate exists, the alternative 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms will take precedence. 
The Adjustment Spread shall (I) take account of any transfer of economic value that would 
otherwise arise as a result of replacing the relevant Reference Rate under the Conditions, 
including any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (or vice 
versa) as a result of any changes made to the Swap Agreement as a consequence of such 
replacement and (II) reflect any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be 
incurred by the Swap Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding 
any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement, which actions arose from the replacement under the Notes of 
the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. The spread may be positive, 
negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology.

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
43 
Where the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is determined in accordance 
with Condition 7(b)(iii) or Condition 7(b)(iv), as applicable, by reference to an ISDA Rate, if 
the Reference Rate Event would constitute an index cessation event under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Supplement number 70 
to the 2006 ISDA Definitions) or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, then the fallback 
provisions of the applicable ISDA Definitions (including the fallback spread adjustment 
published by Bloomberg) shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when 
determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread. Given the different 
factors that will inform the Adjustment Spread, it may differ from the relevant fallback spread 
adjustment published by Bloomberg in respect of the relevant Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Interim measures 
If, following a Reference Rate Event and provided that the Notes are not to be redeemed 
early as a result thereof, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in 
respect of the Notes before the adjustments referred to above have occurred, then: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative, and it is still permitted under 
applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the level 
of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; 
or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available, the Reference Rate is non-representative 
or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference 
the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by reference 
to the level on the last day on which the rate was published, representative or could 
be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, meaning that during this 
period determinations in respect of the Notes would be made by reference to a static 
rate that could depart significantly from prevailing market rates. 
To the extent that any Notes or Swap Agreement relating to the Notes of a Series reference a 
Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event has occurred or is likely to occur 
during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware of the potential consequences 
of such a Reference Rate Event described above. Prospective investors should also be aware of 
the consequences of similar events occurring in respect of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor 
titled “Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption Event” below. 
(x) 
Impact of increased regulation 
The global financial crisis led to a materially increased involvement of governmental and regulatory 
authorities in the financial sector and in the operation of financial institutions. In particular, 
governmental and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions (including the United States of 
America and the European Union) have imposed stricter laws and regulations around certain 
financial activities and/or have indicated that they intend to impose such controls in the future. Such 
regulatory changes and the method of their implementation may have a significant impact on the 
operation of the financial markets. It is uncertain how a changed regulatory environment will affect 
the Issuer, the treatment of instruments such as the Notes and, for any Series, the Swap 
Counterparty and the other Transaction Parties. Consequences may include the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Requirement Event (as described in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – 
Modifications following a Regulatory Requirement Event” below), or termination of the Swap 
Agreement following the occurrence of certain regulatory events (as described in the section of this 
Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement – Termination Events”).

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
44 
(y) 
Modifications following a Regulatory Requirement Event 
The Issuer shall, subject to the terms of the Trust Deed, amend the Conditions and the terms of any 
Transaction Document without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders if the 
Calculation Agent determines that such amendments are required in order to cause (i) the 
transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction Documents to be compliant with 
all Relevant Regulatory Laws, (ii) the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all 
Relevant Regulatory Laws or (iii) the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to 
transact future business (as issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Programme) in compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. Such amendments may only be 
made without the consent of the Noteholders and the Couponholders if certain criteria set out in the 
Conditions are satisfied, including that such modifications will not (A) amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (B) reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, 
or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (C) reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Notes or vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest 
or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (D) vary any method of, or 
basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, (E) exchange 
or substitute the Original Collateral or (F) have a material adverse effect on the validity, legality or 
enforceability of the Security or on the priority and ranking of the Security. Subject to the terms of 
the Transaction Documents, the Trustee shall be obliged to consent to such modifications. 
Amendments made as a result of a Regulatory Requirement Event may not be beneficial to the 
Issuer or the Noteholders and could put the Issuer (and, indirectly, the Noteholders) in a position 
that is less advantageous than the position it had immediately prior to effecting such amendments. 
3 
Risks relating to the assets 
(a) 
Collateral 
The Collateral relating to any Notes will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In the 
event of an insolvency of an issuer or obligor in respect of any Collateral, various insolvency and 
related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the 
Issuer or the Trustee may recover in respect of such Collateral. The obligor of any Collateral may 
also be subject to a resolution regime (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – 
Resolution of financial institutions” above). 
Original Collateral can be collateral that meets the following criteria: (a) the Original Collateral 
Obligor is a corporate, a financial institution, a local authority or a sovereign; (b) the legal nature of 
the securities are bonds; and (c) securities of the Original Collateral Obligor are admitted to trading 
on an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market. 
Depending on the type of the Collateral, there might only be limited liquidity for such assets and 
generally, but especially in times of financial distress, the Collateral may either not be saleable at 
all or may only be saleable at significant discounts to its fair market value or to the amount originally 
invested. 
If the Issuer has entered into a Credit Support Annex as part of its Swap Agreement, by virtue of 
the collateral requirements applicable to any such arrangements, the Collateral held by it from time 
to time may comprise assets other than, or in addition to, the Original Collateral, or may comprise 
less Collateral than the amount held by it on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the 
Series (as may be adjusted on each subsequent Issue Date), as assets will be required to be 
delivered by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty which have an aggregate value (after the 
application of any relevant haircut) at least equal to the exposure that the Swap Counterparty has

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
45 
to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. If the Issuer holds other or additional assets, the types of 
assets that may comprise Collateral may be diverse and may be less liquid and more volatile than 
the Original Collateral.  
If, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Annex, cash is posted to the Issuer (which will be 
credited to the CSA Cash Account), interest (if any) will accrue in accordance with the Custodian’s 
deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be positive (in which case interest will be 
credited to the CSA Cash Account) or negative (in which case the Swap Counterparty will pay an 
additional amount to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex). 
See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Application of negative interest rates” above. 
If Notes redeem other than on the Maturity Date, the Collateral relating thereto will be Liquidated. 
No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any Liquidation of such Collateral at 
that time since the market value of such Collateral will be affected by a number of factors including 
but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of the Collateral, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the 
scheduled maturity of the Collateral and (iv) the liquidity of the Collateral. Accordingly, the price at 
which such Collateral is sold or liquidated may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the 
market value of the Collateral on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of a Series (or any 
subsequent Issue Date (as applicable)) and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation when taken 
together with the proceeds of termination of any related Swap Agreement and any other assets 
available to the Issuer that relate to the Notes of the relevant Series may not be sufficient to repay 
the full amount of principal of and interest on the relevant Notes that the holders of such Notes 
would expect to receive if the Notes were redeemed in accordance with their terms on their Maturity 
Date. 
(b) 
Original Collateral subordination 
The Original Collateral relating to any Notes may (but is not required to) comprise direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. In the 
event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Original Collateral Obligor, in bankruptcy or 
otherwise, the payment of principal and interest on any such subordinated Original Collateral will be 
subordinated to the prior payment in full of all the Original Collateral Obligor’s present and future 
unsubordinated creditors. As a result of the subordinated nature of such Original Collateral, the 
value attributed thereto by dealers in the market is likely to be substantially less than the value 
attributed to unsubordinated debt obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. In particular, the 
value of such Original Collateral will be affected if the Original Collateral Obligor is or is likely to be 
dissolved, liquidated or wound up (which may occur in conjunction with an Original Collateral Default 
Event) and could be zero. The value of the Original Collateral is an integral component of the Early 
Redemption Amount that will be payable on the Notes were they to be redeemed early and will 
directly impact the return of the Noteholders upon early redemption. 
(c) 
Suspension of payments under the Notes and the Swap Agreement during the Original 
Collateral Default Suspension Period 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be suspended for up to 10 Reference 
Business Days pursuant to the provisions of “Master Conditions - Condition 8(n) (Suspension of 
Payments and Calculations)” if the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may amount 
to an Original Collateral Default Event following the expiration of any applicable grace period. During 
the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period (i) the Issuer shall make no payments on account 
of principal and/or interest under the Notes and (ii) neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty 
shall make any payments or deliveries under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
46 
If an Original Collateral Default Event (i) occurs during the Original Collateral Default Suspension 
Period then no further payments will be made under the Notes in respect of principal and/or interest 
and the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount or (ii) has not occurred on the 
final Reference Business Day of the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period, any principal 
and/or interest amount which would otherwise have been payable will be payable on the second 
Reference Business Day following the earlier of (A) the final Reference Business Day of such 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period or (B) the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that the events which may have resulted in the Original Collateral Default Event have 
been remedied or no longer exist. 
Noteholders should be aware that they will not be entitled to receive any further payments as a 
result of such suspension and the corresponding delay in payment of any principal and/or interest 
amount (including, without limitation, any default interest). 
(d) 
Likelihood of Original Collateral Default Event 
The likelihood of an Original Collateral Default Event occurring will generally fluctuate with, among 
other things, the financial condition and other characteristics of the Original Collateral Obligor, 
general economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, 
developments or trends in any particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. 
Prospective investors should review the Original Collateral Obligor and conduct their own 
investigation and analysis with respect to the creditworthiness of the Original Collateral Obligor and 
the likelihood of the occurrence of an Original Collateral Default Event. 
(e) 
No claim against any Original Collateral Obligor 
The Notes will not represent a claim against the Original Collateral Obligor and, in the event of any 
loss, a Noteholder will not have recourse under the Notes to the Original Collateral Obligor. 
(f) 
Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption Event 
If an Original Collateral Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, the adjustment or replacement 
of any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to which any amount payable 
under the Original Collateral is determined), the Calculation Agent may deliver a notice to the Issuer 
requiring it to (i) amend the terms of the Notes or (ii) redeem the Notes. 
The purpose of any such amendments (the “Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”) 
must be to account for any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty, which will typically be determined by reference to any difference between the cash 
flows under the Original Collateral and any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s 
obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement which have resulted following 
the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. If there are no such hedge transactions, 
the Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains will include any change to the amounts 
scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms of the Original 
Collateral following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. 
The Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments may result in any interest amount and/or 
principal amount payable pursuant to the Notes being increased or decreased. Consequently, 
amendments made as a result of an Original Collateral Disruption Event may not be beneficial to 
the Noteholders.

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
47 
4 
Risks relating to the Transaction Parties 
(a) 
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Agreement 
(i) 
The Swap Counterparty  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes may depend on the receipt 
by it of payments under the Swap Agreement. Consequently, the Issuer is exposed not only 
to the occurrence of an Original Collateral Default Event and the volatility in the market value 
of the Collateral, but also to the ability of the Swap Counterparty to perform their obligations 
under the Swap Agreement.  
Default by the Swap Counterparty may result in the termination of the Swap Agreement and, 
in such circumstance, any amount due to the Issuer upon such termination may not be paid 
in full. 
If on the termination of the Swap Agreement an amount is payable by the Swap Counterparty 
to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any collateral posted between 
the parties pursuant to the terms of any Credit Support Annex), then the Issuer shall have an 
unsecured claim against the Swap Counterparty for such amount. 
The receipt by the Issuer of payments and/or deliveries under the Swap Agreement is also 
dependent on the timely payment and/or delivery by the Issuer of its obligations under the 
Swap Agreement. Consequently, the ability of the Issuer to make timely payment and/or 
delivery of its obligations under the Swap Agreement (and not simply the Notes) depends on 
receipt by it of the scheduled payments under and/or deliveries of the Original Collateral (in 
the case of the Swap Agreement). 
The Swap Counterparty may also be subject to a resolution regime (see the risk factor titled 
“Risks relating to the Notes – Resolution of financial institutions” above). 
(ii) 
Termination of the Swap Agreement 
In the circumstances specified in any Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty may terminate all outstanding 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement in full, as described in the section of this 
Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement”. Any termination of the Swap Transactions 
under a Swap Agreement will result in a redemption in full of the Notes of the relevant Series 
at their Early Redemption Amount. Upon any such redemption, the amount paid to 
Noteholders to redeem such Notes may be significantly less than the Noteholder’s original 
investment in such Notes and may be zero. 
(iii) 
Transfer by the Swap Counterparty 
In respect of a Series, the Swap Counterparty will require the prior written consent of the 
Issuer and the Trustee (and, if the Notes of such Series are rated, the affirmation from each 
Rating Agency then rating the Notes of the Series) in order to transfer its interests and 
obligations in or under the Swap Agreement, except where: 
(A) 
such transfer is pursuant to a consolidation or amalgamation with, or merger with or 
into, or reorganisation, incorporation, reincorporation, reconstitution, or reformation 
into or transfer of all or substantially all its assets to, another entity; 
(B) 
such transfer is of all or any part of its interest in relation to a Swap Agreement, any 
Early Termination Amount payable to it by the Issuer as a defaulting party; or

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
48 
(C) 
such transfer is to any branch or Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty (provided that, if 
the Notes of a Series are rated, such transferee, or any credit support provider thereto, 
has a rating not less than that of in relation to a Swap Agreement, the relevant 
transferring Swap Counterparty or (if higher) the rating of any credit support provider 
thereto at the time of transfer).  
Following any such transfer, the Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of the 
transferee Swap Counterparty. Prior to giving consent to a proposed transfer, the 
Noteholders should consider the risks outlined in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the 
Swap Counterparty and the Swap Agreement – The Swap Counterparty” above in relation to 
the proposed transferee.  
(iv) 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit Support 
Annex with the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. Please see the section of this 
Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement” for a summary of the provisions of the Credit 
Support Annex. 
Any collateral transferred from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the Credit Support 
Annex (“Issuer CSA Posted Collateral”) will be delivered on a title transfer basis and will be 
taken from the Collateral, and will therefore reduce the overall pool of Collateral securing the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. If “Delivery Cap” is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer’s obligation to transfer collateral will effectively be limited 
to the Collateral that the Issuer has in respect of the Notes of that Series. If “Delivery Cap” is 
specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms, such limitation shall not apply 
and, accordingly, there is a possibility that the Collateral available to the Issuer for transfer 
might not be sufficient to enable the Issuer to satisfy its delivery obligations under the Credit 
Support Annex. This would be in a case where the exposure of the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer under the Swap Agreement exceeds the aggregate value (for purposes of the Credit 
Support Annex and taking into account any applicable haircuts) of the Collateral held by the 
Issuer and the Issuer CSA Posted Collateral at that time. Any failure of the Issuer to make 
deliveries required under the Credit Support Annex in full would comprise an event of default 
under the Swap Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle 
the Swap Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in 
an early redemption of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral may be subject to volatility in their prices and 
subject to credit and liquidity risks. No investigations, searches or other enquiries will be 
made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral 
and no representations or warranties, express or implied, are or will be given by the Issuer 
or any other person to Noteholders in relation to any Swap Counterparty CSA Posted 
Collateral. 
Due to fluctuations in the value of the Swap Agreement and of the value of any Swap 
Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral or Issuer CSA Posted Collateral and to the thresholds 
and minimum transfer amounts in the Credit Support Annex: 
(A) 
the value of the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral at any time may not be 
sufficient to cover the amount that would otherwise be payable by the Swap 
Counterparty on termination of the Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
49 
(B) 
the value of the Issuer CSA Posted Collateral at any time could exceed the amount 
that the Issuer would otherwise owe to the Swap Counterparty on termination of the 
Swap Agreement.  
Following a termination of the Swap Agreement, in respect of both paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
above, a net amount would be payable from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer. If the Swap 
Counterparty were insolvent, such amount would rank as an unsecured claim against the 
Swap Counterparty and there may insufficient Collateral securing the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes. By way of example of paragraph (ii) above, if the termination amount under 
the Swap Agreement would be U.S.$10,000,000 payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty, but the Issuer had transferred Issuer CSA Posted Collateral to the Swap 
Counterparty worth U.S.$12,000,000, then on a termination the Swap Counterparty would 
owe the net sum of U.S.$2,000,000 to the Issuer and the Issuer would be an unsecured 
creditor of the Swap Counterparty for that amount. 
If it is determined that the Swap Counterparty must transfer additional collateral to the Issuer, 
there may be a period prior to the transfer of such collateral in which the value of the Swap 
Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral transferred to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex 
is less than the amount that would be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer if the 
Swap Agreement were to terminate. In such circumstances, which are similar to those 
specified in paragraph (i) above, there may be insufficient Collateral securing the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is exposed to movements in the value of the Swap Agreement, the Issuer CSA 
Posted Collateral or the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral (as the case may be), 
and to the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and any obligor of Swap Counterparty 
CSA Posted Collateral.  
Investing in the Notes will not make an investor the owner of any cash or securities 
comprising the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral. Any amounts payable on the 
Notes will be made in cash and the holders of the Notes will have no right to receive delivery 
of any securities comprising the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral. 
Investors should also note that the Credit Support Annex contains provisions that enable a 
party to deliver a notice that items that then comprise eligible collateral under the Credit 
Support Annex will cease to be eligible. Such notice can be delivered if a party to the Credit 
Support Annex determines that the relevant items either have ceased to satisfy, or as of a 
specified date will cease to satisfy, collateral eligibility requirements under laws applicable to 
the recipient of such collateral requiring the collection of variation margin. Any non-eligible 
credit support will be given a zero value. If the Swap Counterparty delivers such a notice to 
the Issuer, the Issuer is unlikely to have any other Collateral available to it to provide to the 
Swap Counterparty as eligible collateral under the Credit Support Annex and, as a result, 
such legal ineligibility would be likely to lead to an event of default under the Swap Agreement 
if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap Counterparty to 
terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early redemption of the 
Notes of the relevant Series. 
(v) 
SFTR (Article 15) title transfer collateral arrangements risk disclosure 
In respect of each Series, the Issuer may enter into one or more “title transfer collateral 
arrangements” (as defined in Article 2(1) of Directive 2002/47/EC under EU SFTR (as defined 
below) and regulation 3 of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) Regulations 2003 
under UK SFTR (as defined below) (each such arrangement, a “Title Transfer 
Arrangement”)) with a counterparty (as the “Title Transfer Counterparty”), as specified in

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
50 
the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Series. The Credit Support Annex will constitute a 
Title Transfer Arrangement.  
Under (i) Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of 
reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time) (“EU 
SFTR”) and (ii) Article 15 of EU SFTR as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK SFTR”, and together with EU SFTR, “SFTR”), 
the transferee of securities under any Title Transfer Arrangement is required to inform the 
transferor of such securities of the general risks and consequences that may be involved in 
entering into a Title Transfer Arrangement. Such risks are detailed below and are also 
relevant for Noteholders even though they will not be directly party to any Title Transfer 
Arrangement, particularly in circumstances where the Issuer is a transferor of securities 
under a Title Transfer Arrangement. 
In the section below, the person that transfers securities under a Title Transfer Arrangement 
is referred to as the “Transferor”, the person to whom such securities are transferred is 
referred to as the “Transferee” and the securities so transferred are referred to as the 
“Securities Collateral”. 
(A) 
Loss of proprietary rights in Securities Collateral 
The rights, including any proprietary rights, that a Transferor has in Securities 
Collateral transferred to a Transferee will be replaced (subject to any security granted 
by the Transferee) by an unsecured contractual claim for delivery of equivalent 
Securities Collateral, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Arrangement. If the 
Transferee becomes insolvent or defaults under the Title Transfer Arrangement, the 
Transferor’s claim for delivery of equivalent Securities Collateral will not be secured 
and will be subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Arrangement and applicable law. 
Consequently, the Transferor may not receive such equivalent Securities Collateral 
(although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced to the extent that its liabilities to 
the Transferee under such Title Transfer Arrangement can be netted or set-off against 
the obligation of the Transferee to deliver equivalent Securities Collateral to the 
Transferor). 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Securities Collateral, such 
securities will cease to form part of the Mortgaged Property so Noteholders will no 
longer have the benefit of security over such securities. If the Title Transfer 
Counterparty (as Transferee) becomes insolvent or otherwise defaults, the Mortgaged 
Property will not include equivalent Securities Collateral which the Issuer might 
otherwise have been expecting to receive. In these circumstances, Noteholders 
should be aware that the net proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may 
be insufficient to cover amounts that would otherwise be due under the Notes and 
consequently the Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of the Title Transfer 
Counterparty (as Transferee). 
The Title Transfer Counterparty will not have any proprietary rights in the Securities 
Collateral transferred to the Issuer. If the Issuer defaults under the Title Transfer 
Arrangement, the Title Transfer Counterparty’s claim for delivery of equivalent 
Securities Collateral will, as a result of the applicable payment waterfall, be 
subordinated to prior ranking claims of certain other Secured Creditors in respect of 
the Mortgaged Property. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive the equivalent 
Securities Collateral (although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced to the extent

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
51 
that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer Arrangement can be 
netted or set-off against an obligation on the Transferee to deliver equivalent 
Securities Collateral to the Transferor). 
(B) 
Stay of proceedings following resolution process 
See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Resolution of financial 
institutions” above for information on the consequences of a resolution process being 
instituted against the Title Transfer Counterparty. 
(C) 
Loss of voting rights in respect of Securities Collateral 
The Transferor in respect of any Securities Collateral will not be entitled to exercise, 
or direct the Transferee to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights attached to 
the Securities Collateral. 
Noteholders should be aware that where the Transferor is the Issuer, the Noteholders 
will not have any right under the Notes to direct the Issuer to exercise any voting, 
consent or similar rights attached to the Securities Collateral. 
(D) 
No information provided in respect of Securities Collateral 
The Transferee will have title to any Securities Collateral and may or may not continue 
to hold such Securities Collateral and as such it will have no obligation to inform the 
Transferor of any corporate events or actions in relation to any Securities Collateral. 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, this means that no assurance can be given to 
Noteholders that they will be informed of events affecting any Securities Collateral. 
(b) 
The Custodian  
(i) 
Custodian  
Collateral in the form of cash or securities will be held in an account of the Custodian in the 
name of the Issuer (provided that, in limited circumstances, the Custodian may register or 
record securities in a name other than the Issuer).  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent 
upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for 
the Notes (if the Collateral is so held). Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on 
the creditworthiness of the Collateral, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in 
respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody Agreement in respect of the 
performance of its obligations for such Notes subject to any relevant provisions or 
arrangements intended to provide that Collateral in the form of securities is not beneficially 
owned by the Custodian and therefore would not be available to its creditors on any 
insolvency of the Custodian. 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the Custodian 
for the account of the Issuer in relation to the Notes of a Series will be held by the Custodian 
as banker and not as trustee. Accordingly, such cash will not be held as client money and 
will represent only an unsecured claim against the Custodian’s assets. 
(ii) 
Sub-custodians, depositaries and clearing systems 
(A) 
Credit risk 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Issuer authorises the Custodian to hold the 
Collateral in the Custodian’s account or accounts with any other sub-custodian, any

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
52 
securities depositary or at such other account keeper or clearing system as the 
Custodian deems to be appropriate for the type of instruments which comprise the 
Collateral. 
Where the Collateral is held with a sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing 
system, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be 
dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the 
Custody Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) and, in turn, the 
Custodian will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments from such 
sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system. Consequently, the 
Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral and the 
Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody 
Agreement for such Notes, but also on the creditworthiness of any duly appointed sub-
custodian, securities depositary or clearing system holding the Collateral subject to 
any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that custody assets held 
by sub-custodians would not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of the sub-
custodian. 
In particular, the Custodian is authorised to hold Collateral in the form of securities 
with sub-custodians in omnibus accounts. Where securities are held in an omnibus 
account, this may result in such securities not being as well protected as if the 
securities were held in a segregated account. If there are insufficient securities to meet 
the claims of all persons holding securities in that account, the Issuer may not recover 
some or all of its securities, which would adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to 
meet its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
(B) 
Lien/Right of set-off 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or 
clearing systems may have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the Collateral held 
with them in relation to any of their fees and/or expenses. If, for whatever reason, the 
Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the relevant sub-custodian, security 
depositary or clearing system may exercise such lien or right of set-off, which may 
result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to it in respect of the Collateral, 
and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with 
respect to the Notes. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will 
not only be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian 
under the Custody Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) but will also 
be dependent on any sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system not 
exercising any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Collateral that it holds. 
Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the 
Collateral, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when due any 
fees or expenses of such sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system. 
(iii) 
Classification of the Issuer as a “professional client” for the purposes of the 
application of the FCA and Prudential Regulation Authority rules 
The Issuer, as the Custodian’s client, will be classified as a “professional client” for the 
purposes of the application of the FCA rules and the Prudential Regulation Authority rules. 
This means that the Issuer will not benefit from the additional rights protecting custody assets 
that apply to retail clients.

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
53 
(c) 
The Paying Agents 
Any payments made to Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions will be made by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, the Issuer is required to transfer to the Issuing and Paying Agent such amount as may 
be due under the Notes on or before each date on which such payment in respect of the Notes 
becomes due. 
If the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents, while holding funds for payment to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or 
any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Notes from the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Paying Agents. The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such unpaid 
amounts but the Issuer may have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) 
and Noteholders may not receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. Consequently, the 
Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral, but also on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Paying Agents in respect of the 
performance of their obligations under the Agency Agreement to make or facilitate payments to 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
The Disposal Agent 
(i) 
Liquidation 
Where the Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a redemption being triggered prior to the 
Maturity Date or where the Issuer fails to pay any amount owing on the Maturity Date, the 
Disposal Agent is generally required to sell or otherwise liquidate the Collateral. The Disposal 
Agent is permitted to sell all or any part of the Collateral at any time or at different times 
during the relevant period or in stages in respect of smaller portions, and will not have any 
liability for doing so if a higher price could have been obtained had such sale taken place at 
a different time during such specified period and/or had or had not been effected in stages in 
respect of smaller portions. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Disposal Agent may sell all or any part of the Collateral to itself or to an Affiliate. 
Subject to the following paragraph, if the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full by the 
expiry of the Liquidation Period (as extended by any Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event), the 
Disposal Agent shall transfer the Collateral not then Liquidated to the Swap Counterparty 
and the Collateral Proceeds in respect of such Collateral shall be deemed to be zero (and 
the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable). For the 
avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall have no further recourse to the Collateral once it has 
been transferred to the Swap Counterparty in the circumstances described above, regardless 
of any potential subsequent change in its value. 
The Disposal Agent may elect not to liquidate the Collateral in certain circumstances 
including, without limitation, on the grounds of illegality. Provided that the Disposal Agent has 
used reasonable care in the performance of its duties, it shall not be liable for such an 
election. 
If the Issuer is subject to an Issuer Bankruptcy Event, the Collateral shall be realised by the 
Trustee enforcing the Security and not by the Disposal Agent pursuant to a Liquidation. 
(ii) 
Replacement Disposal Agent 
Upon the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint a 
replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either (i) by the

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
54 
Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) by the Issuer with the prior written 
approval of the Swap Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement for the Notes of that Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap Counterparty 
in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series). Arranging for, and 
appointing, any such replacement may delay any required liquidation of the Collateral and 
related payments on the Notes and there is no guarantee that a replacement will be found. 
Any delay or failure to appoint such a replacement may have adverse consequences for the 
Noteholders, such as affecting the return which Noteholders receive on the Notes. 
(iii) 
Resignation following loss of licence 
If, for whatever reason, the Disposal Agent ceases to have any licence that it considers 
necessary to perform its role, it may resign its appointment at any time without giving any 
reason by giving the Issuer at least 60 days’ notice to that effect. The Issuer will be required 
to appoint a replacement institution to take its place. Arranging for, and appointing, any such 
replacement may delay any required liquidation of the Collateral and related payments on 
the Notes. 
(e) 
The Calculation Agent 
(i) 
Replacement Calculation Agent 
Upon the occurrence of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Calculation Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint a 
replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either (i) by the 
Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) by the Issuer with the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement for the 
Notes of that Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with 
the terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series) subject to the conditions set out in the Trust 
Deed. Arranging for, and appointing, any such replacement, may delay certain calculations 
and/or determinations and related payments on the Notes and there is no guarantee that any 
replacement will be found. Any delay or failure to appoint such a replacement may have 
adverse consequences for the Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Limited liability of Calculation Agent 
All calculations and determinations by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding upon all Noteholders, Couponholders, Transaction 
Parties and all other parties. 
In making any calculation or determination, giving any notice or exercising any discretion, in 
each case under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, the Calculation Agent does 
not assume any responsibility or liability to anyone other than the Issuer for whom it acts as 
agent. In particular, the Calculation Agent assumes no responsibility to Noteholders, 
Couponholders, the Trustee or any other persons in respect of its role as Calculation Agent 
and, without limitation, shall not be liable for any loss (whether a loss of profit, loss of 
opportunity or consequential loss), cost, expense or any other damage suffered by any such 
person. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer for any errors in calculations or 
determinations made by it in respect of the Notes, or any failure to make, or delay in making, 
any calculations or determinations (irrespective of whether such error, failure or delay affects 
any other calculations or determinations made in respect of the Notes) in the manner required 
of it by the Conditions save that the Calculation Agent shall be liable to the Issuer (but not to 
any other person or persons, including Noteholders, Couponholders and the Trustee) where

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
55 
such error, failure or delay arose out of its negligence, fraud or wilful default, as described in 
more detail in the Conditions.  
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that, 
as a result of market disruption, force majeure, systems failure or any other event of an 
analogous nature, it is unable to make a calculation or determination in the manner required 
by the Conditions or any Transaction Document, then the Calculation Agent shall not be liable 
for failure to make such calculation or determination in the required manner. 
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that 
(i) it has not received the necessary information from any person or other source that is 
expected to deliver or provide the same pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document which means that it is unable to make a determination required of it in accordance 
with the Conditions or the provisions of a Transaction Document and/or (ii) one or more 
provisions (including any mathematical terms and formulae) contained in the Conditions or 
any Transaction Document appear to the Calculation Agent (taking into account the context 
of the transaction as a whole and its background understanding) to be erroneous on the basis 
that it is impossible to make such calculation or that such provisions produce a result that, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is economically nonsensical, the Calculation Agent shall 
be permitted to make its determination on the basis of the provisions of the Conditions or 
such Transaction Document but may make such amendments thereto as, in its opinion, are 
necessary to cater for relevant circumstances falling under (i) and/or (ii) above, provided 
always that in so doing the Calculation Agent acts in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(f) 
Impact of FATCA Withholding on the Trustee, each Agent and the Custodian  
The application of FATCA Withholding (as defined in “Master Conditions - Condition 1 (Definitions 
and Interpretation)”) to interest or other amounts payable under or in respect of the Notes is not 
clear (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Issuer – FATCA and the possibility of U.S. 
withholding tax on payments” above). If FATCA Withholding was applied to interest or other 
payments payable under or in respect of the Notes, none of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent, the 
Custodian or any other person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of such FATCA Withholding. In such circumstances, Noteholders might receive 
less than otherwise expected. 
(g) 
Conflicts of interest 
The Transaction Parties and their affiliates may act in a number of capacities in connection with the 
Notes and the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Notes of a Series and need not take into account 
the specific interests of any individual Noteholder. Such a party may also enter into business 
dealings relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes or Collateral are 
exposed, including the acquisition of the Notes, from which such party may derive revenues and 
profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to account therefor, 
or act in a way that is adverse to the interests of the Noteholders generally. 
In addition, where the Swap Counterparty is entitled to exercise its discretion or to undertake a 
decision in such capacity under or in respect of the Swap Agreement, the terms and conditions or 
otherwise in respect of the Notes then such party will be under no obligation or duty to the 
Noteholders or any other person and is likely to attempt to maximise the beneficial outcome for itself 
and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other benefit 
to them or any of their respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such action. 
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Conflicts of Interest”.

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
56 
(h) 
Systemic risk 
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each 
other are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other 
relationships. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”. Financial institutions such as the 
Dealer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Custodian, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal 
Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent (or 
any affiliate of any of them) and any obligors of the Collateral (or any guarantor or credit support 
provider in respect thereof) that are financial institutions or are significant participants in the financial 
markets are likely routinely to execute a high volume of transactions with various types of 
counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, 
mutual and hedge funds, and institutional clients. To the extent they do so, they are and will continue 
to be exposed to the risk of loss if counterparties fail or are otherwise unable to meet their 
obligations. In addition, a default by a financial institution or other significant participant in the 
financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a financial institution or other significant participant 
in the financial markets to meet its obligations, could lead to further significant systemic liquidity 
problems and other problems that could exacerbate the global financial crisis and, as such, have a 
material adverse impact on other entities.

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
57 
INVESTOR SUITABILITY 
Investments in the Notes may not be suitable for all investors and is only suitable for investors who: 
(i) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the merits and risks of an investment in the Issuer 
in the context of such investors’ financial position and circumstances; 
(ii) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Issuer for an indefinite period of 
time; 
(iii) 
are acquiring the Notes for their own account for investment, not with a view to resale, distribution 
or other disposition of the Notes (subject to any applicable law requiring that the disposition of the 
investor’s property be within its control); and 
(iv) 
recognise that it may not be possible to make any transfer of the Notes for a substantial period of 
time, if at all.  
Further, each prospective purchaser of the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review 
and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) 
financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, 
guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary 
capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary 
capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or 
holding the Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Swap Counterparty nor any other person has or 
will make any representation or statement as to the suitability of the Notes for investors.

--- Page 58 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
58 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
1 
General 
For the purposes of this section, references to “Collateral” shall also include Original Collateral to the extent 
that such Original Collateral has been transferred to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement 
by virtue of the Credit Support Annex thereto. 
The Dealer and any of its affiliates (each a “Relevant Party”) may act in a number of capacities in 
connection with the Notes. A Relevant Party shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly 
agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any 
other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care 
other than as may be expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. A Relevant Party may enter 
into business dealings relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes or Collateral 
are exposed, including the acquisition of the Notes, from which such Relevant Party may derive revenues 
and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to account therefor. 
A Relevant Party may, from time to time, be in possession of certain information (confidential or otherwise) 
and/or opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Collateral or another Relevant Party which 
information and/or opinions might, if known by a Noteholder, affect decisions made by it with respect to its 
investment in the Notes. Notwithstanding this, no Relevant Party shall have any duty or obligation to notify 
the Noteholders or the Issuer or any other Transaction Parties (including any directors, officers or 
employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions. 
A Relevant Party may deal in any obligation of the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may accept 
deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial 
or investment banking or other business transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may 
act with respect to such transactions in the same manner as if the Swap Agreement and the Notes did not 
exist and without regard to whether any such action might have an adverse effect on the issuer or obligor 
of any Collateral, the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or the Noteholders. 
A Relevant Party may, at any time, be active and significant participants in or act as market maker in 
relation to a wide range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and 
derivatives. Activities undertaken by a Relevant Party may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or 
on a long-term basis, the price of such currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and 
derivatives or securities and derivatives based on, or relating to the Notes or any Collateral. 
Notwithstanding this, no Relevant Party shall have any duty or obligation to take into account the interests 
of any party in relation to any Notes when effecting transactions in such markets. 
One or more Relevant Parties or any Transaction Party may: 
(i) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or adviser in 
connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to the 
Collateral; 
(ii) 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the Collateral or 
other classes of securities issued by an issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the Collateral or an 
affiliate thereof; 
(iii) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the Collateral under a swap or 
other derivative agreements or repurchase agreement; 
(iv) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates 
or receive guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates;

--- Page 59 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
59 
(v) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or financial 
advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective 
affiliates; or 
(vi) 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain issuers of, or obligors 
with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates. 
The Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire, confidential information or 
enter into transactions with respect to any Collateral or an obligor of any such collateral and it shall not be 
under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Noteholder, the Issuer, the Trustee or any 
of the other Transaction Parties. 
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to the Collateral, the 
Transaction Parties may be entitled to fees and expenses senior in priority to payments on such Collateral. 
When acting as a trustee for other classes of securities issued by the issuer of any Collateral or an affiliate 
thereof, a Transaction Party will owe fiduciary duties to the holders of such other classes of securities, 
which classes of securities may have differing interests from the holders of the class of securities of which 
the relevant Collateral is a part, and may take actions that are adverse to the holders (including, where 
applicable, the Issuer) of the class of securities of which the relevant Collateral is a part. As a counterparty 
under swaps and other derivative agreements or repurchase agreements, a Transaction Party may take 
actions adverse to the interests of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, demanding collateralisation of 
its exposure under such agreements (if provided for thereunder) or terminating such swaps or agreements 
in accordance with the terms thereof. In making and administering loans and other obligations, a 
Transaction Party may take actions including, but not limited to, restructuring a loan, foreclosing on or 
exercising other remedies with respect to a loan, requiring additional collateral or other credit 
enhancement, charging significant fees and interest, placing the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, any 
Collateral in bankruptcy or demanding payment on a loan guarantee or under other credit enhancement. 
The Issuer’s acquisition, holding and sale of the Collateral may enhance the profitability or value of 
investments made by a Transaction Party in the issuers thereof or obligors in respect thereof. As a result 
of all such transactions or arrangements between a Transaction Party and issuers of, and obligors with 
respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates, a Transaction Party may have interests that are 
contrary to the interests of the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
2 
The Trustee  
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders and, where required by the Trust Deed, together as a class and, in particular, but without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise 
for individual Noteholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be 
entitled to claim from the Issuer or the Trustee, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax arising 
in consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. In acting as Trustee under the Trust 
Deed, the Trustee shall not, in respect of the Notes of any Series, assume any duty or responsibility to any 
of the Swap Counterparty, the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent, any of the Paying Agents or any 
other Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay any such party any moneys 
received and payable to it and to act in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed and other than 
in respect of any obligations it may have to Secured Creditors in respect of any enforcement of the Security) 
and shall have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders and (save where expressly provided 
otherwise in the Transaction Documents to which the Trustee is a party) shall not be obliged to act on any 
directions of any Secured Creditor or Transaction Party if this would, in the Trustee’s opinion, be contrary 
to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 60 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
60 
3 
The Swap Counterparty  
Prospective investors should be aware that where the Swap Counterparty is entitled to exercise its 
discretion or to undertake a decision in such capacity under or in respect of the Swap Agreement (including 
any right to terminate the Swap Agreement), in respect of the terms and conditions or otherwise in respect 
of the Notes then, unless specified to the contrary therein, the Swap Counterparty will be under no 
obligation to, and will not assume any fiduciary duty or responsibility for, the Noteholders or any other 
person. In exercising their discretion or undertaking any decision, prospective investors should expect and 
understand that the Swap Counterparty is likely to attempt to maximise the beneficial outcome for 
themselves (that is maximise any payments due to them and minimise any payments due from them) and 
will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other benefit to them 
or any of their respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such selection.

--- Page 61 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
61 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
1 
Constitutional Documents 
The consolidated articles of association of the Issuer dated 8 December 2023 (the “Articles”). A copy of 
the 
Articles 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/CONSTITUTION-OF-PALLADIUM-SECURITIES-IRELAND-PUBLIC-LIMITED-
COMPANY.pdf    
2 
Financials 
(a) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer or the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (the “2022 
Accounts”), which shall be deemed to be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The 2022 Accounts have been filed with the Central Bank and can be found at: 
https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/Dbinvestor-Solutions-2-PLC-
30-June-2022-Financial-statements.pdf    
(b) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 (the “2023 
Accounts”), which shall be deemed to be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The 2023 Accounts have been filed with the Central Bank and can be found at: 
https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Directors-report-and-financial-
statements.pdf    
Each document above shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 62 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
62 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering an 
investment in the Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Notes should only be made after careful 
consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms. This section 
should be treated as an introduction to the Issuer and certain terms of the Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions. 
References in this section to “Notes” should also be read as to apply to “Certificates”. 
1 
Who is the Issuer? 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company with unlimited 
duration under the laws of Ireland. The Issuer’s only business is to enter into obligations for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money, including issuing debt securities such as the Notes, and to enter into 
related transactions. 
The directors of the Issuer may be employees of the administrator of the Issuer. The Issuer is not an 
affiliate or a subsidiary of the Dealer and its obligations are not guaranteed by any party. 
2 
What are the Notes and/or Certificates? 
Each of Notes and Certificates are debt securities which may be issued by the Issuer in bearer form or 
registered form, as described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Notes or Certificates (as applicable) are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
3 
What are the differences between Notes and Certificates? 
The Issuer may issue Notes or Certificates. The contractual terms of Notes and Certificates are 
substantially the same but Notes and Certificates are settled and traded differently.  
For example, Notes are issued in an aggregate nominal amount and traded in Specified Denominations 
(as specified in the relevant Issue Document), whereas Certificates are issued in a specified number of 
units, with each unit having a value of the notional amount (as specified in the relevant Issue Document).  
Notes and Certificates may be subject to different tax treatments depending on the jurisdiction in which 
you are tax resident.  
4 
What documents do you need to read in respect of an issuance of Notes? 
There are several legal documents which you must read in respect of any Notes. These are (i) this Base 
Prospectus, (ii) the applicable Issue Terms, (iii) the issue specific summary (if applicable) and (iv) the key 
information document (if applicable). 
What information is included in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus contains: 
(i) 
information about the Issuer in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Description of the Issuer”; 
(ii) 
general information about Notes that may be issued under the Programme, in particular, the master 
terms and conditions of the Notes in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Master Conditions” 
(which for all Notes must be read together with the applicable Issue Terms);

--- Page 63 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
63 
(iii) 
information about certain agents of the Issuer and certain counterparties with whom the Issuer will 
enter into contracts; 
(iv) 
restrictions about who can buy Notes; 
(v) 
risk factors relating to the Issuer and any Notes issued under the Programme; and 
(vi) 
certain tax information, although you should always seek specialist advice which has been tailored 
to your circumstances. 
You should note that the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Overview of the Programme” and this 
section titled “Commonly Asked Questions” must be read only as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. 
Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, 
together with the applicable Issue Terms. 
What information is included in the Issue Terms? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Issue Terms is the document 
that sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes. The Issue Terms will complete the 
Master Conditions and will contain, for example, the issue date, the maturity date and the methods used 
to calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments, if applicable, as well as any other terms 
applicable to those particular Notes.  
Therefore, the Issue Terms for such Notes must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
5 
How much of your investment is at risk? 
For some Notes, the amount payable on the maturity date may be less than your original investment and 
may even be zero. 
Investors should note that they will be exposed to the credit risk of (i) the Issuer, (ii) the obligor of the 
Original Collateral, (iii) the Custodian, (iv) the Paying Agents and (v) the Swap Counterparty. If there is a 
default on the Original Collateral or by the Custodian, a Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty, investors 
are highly likely to lose some or all of their money. 
6 
What does the Issuer do with the issue proceeds of the Notes?  
The Issuer will typically use the issue proceeds of the Notes to purchase the Original Collateral. The 
Original Collateral will usually constitute debt securities issued by a third-party issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty (or its Affiliates), but could take the form of other assets. The exact Original Collateral will be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For each Series, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement with the Swap Counterparty. Where this is 
the case, this will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The issue proceeds of the Notes may be 
used to fund any initial payment obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
7 
What is the Collateral? 
The Collateral and the Swap Agreement will generally be the only assets available to the Issuer to fund its 
payment obligations under the Notes. The payments under such assets (both to and from the Issuer) will 
be designed to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient funds to meet its payment obligations under the Notes 
and to meet any related payment obligations. 
“Collateral” consists of (i) the Original Collateral and (ii) any assets received from the Swap Counterparty 
which collateralises the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Agreement, but excludes any 
assets which have been transferred by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty if collateralisation applies.

--- Page 64 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
64 
The Original Collateral shall include any different collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution 
or replacement of such Original Collateral originally held by it. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether collateralisation is required in respect of the Swap 
Agreement from the Swap Counterparty, the Issuer or both. Collateral will be transferred on a title transfer 
basis under a Credit Support Annex and will reflect movements in the market value of the Swap Agreement 
and of the collateral provided under such Credit Support Annex. If the Issuer is required to provide collateral 
under the Credit Support Annex, Original Collateral will be used to meet such obligation and the Original 
Collateral will be reduced accordingly. Upon posting to the Swap Counterparty as collateral, title to the 
relevant assets is transferred to the Swap Counterparty. 
8 
When might the Original Collateral change? 
If “Substitution of Original Collateral” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms, Noteholders 
acting by an Extraordinary Resolution may request a substitution of the Original Collateral (in whole but 
not in part).  
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms and, at any prior time 
to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted following such a request by 
Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution, the provisions relating to any Issuer Call Condition 
shall no longer apply. 
9 
What is the difference between the Notes and the Original Collateral?  
The Notes give the investor exposure to the credit risk of the Original Collateral without having to own the 
Original Collateral. The Original Collateral Obligors are not a party to the Notes nor do the Original 
Collateral Obligors have a direct involvement in the issue of the Notes or the entry into the Swap 
Agreement, and an investor will not be able to claim against the Original Collateral Obligors for any losses 
it suffers. 
10 To which assets of the Issuer, if any, do Noteholders have recourse?  
The Noteholders and the other Transaction Parties will have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property in 
respect of a Series, subject always to the Security, and not to any other general assets of the Issuer. The 
Mortgaged Property includes, primarily, the Collateral and the Issuer’s rights under the Swap Agreement. 
Noteholders’ claims (and those of other Transaction Parties) will also be subject to the order of priority 
referred to below. If the Mortgaged Property is not sufficient to meet Noteholders’ claims and those of all 
the other relevant parties, the Mortgaged Property will be used to meet claims according to a specified 
order of priority. Amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and certain other 
sums payable to certain Transaction Parties, will be paid before Noteholders. If there is no Mortgaged 
Property left after paying such persons, Noteholders will not be paid and will lose their investment. 
11 What happens if the Original Collateral defaults? 
See paragraph 14(i) (“Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated maturity? 
– Redemption of Original Collateral and default of Original Collateral”) below. 
12 Who will be the Swap Counterparty?  
The Swap Counterparty to any Swap Agreement will be Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
65 
13 What happens if the Swap Counterparty defaults? 
See paragraph 14(iv) (“Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated 
maturity? – Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event”) below. 
14 Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated maturity? 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
Redemption of Original Collateral and default of Original Collateral 
If the Original Collateral is called for redemption or repayment (whether in whole or part) prior to its 
scheduled maturity date (other than a scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral), the Issuer 
shall, upon becoming aware of such event, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that certain events have occurred with respect to the Original 
Collateral, the Issuer shall direct the redemption of the Notes. The relevant events include (a) the 
Original Collateral becoming payable prior to its scheduled maturity date, (b) certain failures to make 
payments in respect of the Original Collateral, (c) a repudiation or moratorium in respect of the 
Original Collateral, (d) an amendment to the terms of the Original Collateral either agreed between 
the Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders to 
bind all holders of the Original Collateral, (e) an amendment to the terms of the Original Collateral 
imposed by a Governmental Authority and (f) the conversion of the Original Collateral into another 
instrument. 
(ii) 
Certain tax events  
If the Issuer determines that (a) it will be required by any applicable law to withhold or deduct tax 
from any payment in respect of the Notes, (b) a Noteholder has failed to provide sufficient forms, 
documentation or other information such that any payment in respect of the Notes may be subject 
to withholding or deduction or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, (c) it will be unable to receive 
any payment in respect of the Original Collateral without any withholding or deduction for tax or (d) 
it is required to comply with any reporting requirement in respect of payments received on the 
Original Collateral (which would incur material expense for the Issuer or are unduly onerous for the 
Issuer to comply with), the Issuer shall direct the redemption of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Termination of Swap Agreement 
If the Swap Agreement is terminated early, the Issuer shall direct the redemption of the Notes.  
The section of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement” describes the events that may 
lead to the termination of the Swap Agreement. These include certain payment defaults, breaches 
of agreement and insolvency as well as the occurrence of certain illegality, redenomination and 
force majeure events, certain tax-related events, certain regulatory events and certain amendments 
to the terms of the Notes and the Transaction Documents when made without the Swap 
Counterparty’s consent. 
The Noteholders may also, upon the occurrence of an event following which the Issuer is able to 
terminate the Swap Agreement direct the Trustee (who will, subject to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, give a corresponding direction to the Issuer) to so 
terminate the Swap Agreement which will result in the redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
66 
(iv) 
Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event 
If a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event occurs (broadly speaking, if the Swap Counterparty 
becomes subject to an insolvency procedure), the Issuer may direct the redemption of the Notes 
following a direction to do so from the requisite number of Noteholders.  
(v) 
Illegality 
If, due to the adoption of or change in any applicable law after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Series, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform obligations in respect of the Notes, to hold 
any Collateral or receive payment in respect thereof or to comply with any other material provision 
of any agreement entered into in connection with the Notes, the Issuer shall, upon becoming aware 
of such event, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
(vi) 
Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event (being, in summary, the 
adjustment or replacement of any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to 
which any amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined), the Calculation Agent may 
deliver a notice to the Issuer requiring it to amend or redeem the Notes. If the Calculation Agent 
delivers a notice which requires a redemption of the Notes, the Issuer shall direct the redemption of 
the Notes. 
(vii) 
Reference Rate Default Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Default Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall direct the redemption of the Notes. 
A Reference Rate Default Event will occur if (a) the Calculation Agent has determined that a 
Reference Rate Event has occurred and (b) either (I) an alternative benchmark and any Adjustment 
Spread, together with associated amendments, are not identified prior to the relevant deadline, (II) 
it is or would be unlawful or would contravene any applicable licensing requirements for the 
Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in the Conditions following the occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event or (III) the calculation of an Adjustment Spread would impose material 
additional regulatory obligations on the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty. 
A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if (I) the relevant Reference Rate has ceased or will 
cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely, (II) the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases 
to have the necessary authorisations and as a result it is not permitted under applicable law for one 
or more persons to perform their obligations under the Notes and/or any hedge transactions entered 
into by the Swap Counterparty, (III) the Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter 
derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide 
development pursuant to which such Reference Rate is replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-
free rate) on a specified date, (IV) the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate makes or publishes a public statement announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or 
as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative for the underlying market and economic 
reality that the Reference Rate is intended to measure and that its representativeness will not be 
restored, such statement is being made in the awareness that it will engage certain contractual 
triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor or (V) if 
“Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the definition, methodology 
or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference Rate, has materially 
changed or as of a specified future date will materially change.

--- Page 67 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
67 
(viii) 
Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as applicable for a Series, the Issuer shall, upon being notified of 
satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
An Issuer Call Condition may be satisfied where (a) the Swap Counterparty elects an optional 
termination under the Swap Agreement, where Optional Termination Trigger is specified in the Issue 
Terms, (b) the calculation agent under the Swap Agreement determines that, where Autocall 
Termination Trigger is specified in the Issue Terms, the Autocall Termination Trigger (namely, that 
sum of (x) the value of the Original Collateral and (y) the anticipated termination value of the Swap 
Agreement, is equal to or greater than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding) has been met on a particular date or (c) the Calculation Agent determines that any 
other event specified as an Issuer Call Condition in the Issue Terms in respect of the Notes has 
occurred. 
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms and, at any prior 
time to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted (see ‘When might the 
Original Collateral change?’ above), the provisions relating to any Issuer Call Condition shall no 
longer apply. 
(ix) 
Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
If “Noteholder Early Redemption Option” is specified as applicable for a Series, the Issuer shall, 
upon receiving a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice from 100 per cent. 
Noteholders, direct the redemption of the Notes in full (and not in part). 
(x) 
Events of Default 
The Notes may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain defined Events of Default. These 
include (a) a default (for a period of more than 14 days) in the payment of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes, (b) a failure by the Issuer to perform any of its other obligations in 
relation to the Notes if such failure is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee the 
failure is capable of remedy, is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, remedied within 30 days after the 
Trustee gives notice to the Issuer of such default or (c) the insolvency of the Issuer. If an Event of 
Default occurs, the Trustee may, and shall (provided it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction), following a direction to do so from the requisite number of 
Noteholders, direct the redemption of the Notes.  
15 At what amount do the Notes redeem? 
Each Note will redeem on the relevant Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount or, if the Note is an 
Instalment Note, the final Instalment Amount. The Final Redemption Amount will be a cash amount and 
will consist of the Specified Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If no 
Specified Final Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be the outstanding principal amount of such Note. The final Instalment Amount will be a cash 
amount as specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Notes are redeemed prior to their stated maturity, they will redeem at their Early Redemption Amount, 
which, unless “Sale to Belgian Consumers” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, will 
generally be an amount equal to their share of (i) the proceeds of the sale or redemption of the Collateral, 
plus (ii) any termination payment (if any) payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Swap Agreement, minus (iii) any termination payment (if any) payable by the Issuer to Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 68 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
68 
The amount payable to Noteholders in such circumstances will also be subject to payment of any amounts 
owed by the Issuer to any other Transaction Parties which rank in priority to payments due to the 
Noteholders. 
How is the Collateral sold? 
The Disposal Agent will liquidate (sell or otherwise turn into cash) the Collateral on behalf of the Issuer 
during the Liquidation Period (which will typically be a 10 Reference Business Day period (where 
“Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms) or 
a 30 Reference Business Day period (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference 
Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms)), except for any Collateral that is due to redeem in full during 
that period. Commencing on the first day of the Liquidation Period, the Disposal Agent will effect an orderly 
Liquidation of the Collateral. Firstly, the Disposal Agent will liquidate, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an amount of Collateral (other than Original Collateral) sufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer 
ranking in priority to the Noteholder. Secondly, if the proceeds of the Collateral (other than Original 
Collateral) are insufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer ranking in priority to the Noteholders, the 
Disposal Agent will liquidate, as soon as reasonably practicable, an amount of the Original Collateral 
sufficient to satisfy the remainder of such obligations. Thirdly, the Disposal Agent will liquidate any 
remaining Collateral.  
However, no such sale will be made if the Disposal Agent is not permitted to effect such liquidation under 
applicable laws or it is otherwise not possible or practicable for it to do so or if the Disposal Agent is no 
longer employed to perform that role (see ‘Who is the Disposal Agent?’ below).  
The Disposal Agent may sell to itself or to any affiliate of itself, the Swap Counterparty (if different), provided 
that such sale is at a price which it believes to be a fair market price. Furthermore, the Disposal Agent may 
liquidate the Collateral by way of one or multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s). 
Who is the Disposal Agent? 
The Disposal Agent will be Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, unless otherwise specified the applicable 
Issue Terms and will typically be the Swap Counterparty or an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty. 
If a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs (broadly speaking, if the Disposal Agent is subject to an 
insolvency proceeding or, if the Disposal Agent is an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, if the Swap 
Counterparty is subject to an insolvency proceeding), then it will cease to be the Disposal Agent and a 
replacement Disposal Agent may be appointed by the Issuer and shall be appointed if the Issuer is directed 
by the requisite number of Noteholders.  
What happens if the Collateral is not sold by the expiry of the Liquidation Period? 
If any Collateral has not been sold by the expiry of the Liquidation Period, then the Disposal Agent shall 
notify the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable that it has not liquidated in full all Collateral that is 
required to be liquidated (with a copy of such notice being sent to the Swap Counterparty, the Trustee and 
the Custodian), transfer the remaining Collateral to the Swap Counterparty and the sale proceeds in 
respect of such Collateral shall be deemed to be zero. The Issuer will also notify the Noteholders as soon 
as reasonably practicable that, following the expiry of the Liquidation Period, any Collateral that has not 
been liquidated shall be transferred by the Disposal Agent to the Swap Counterparty and that the sale 
proceeds in respect of such Collateral will be deemed to be zero. 
When is the Early Valuation Date and when is the Early Redemption Date? 
The Early Valuation Date is the date as of which the Calculation Agent will determine the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Notes. The Early Redemption Date is the date on which the Early Redemption 
Amount will become due and payable. The Early Valuation Date is the day falling three Reference Business 
Days before the Early Redemption Date.

--- Page 69 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
69 
The Early Redemption Date will depend on the timing of the liquidation of the Collateral. It will generally be 
(i) the 15th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference 
Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms) or (ii) the 35th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation 
Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms) following the 
date on which the Issuer gives notice of the early redemption of the Notes or, if earlier, the fifth Reference 
Business Day following the date on which the Collateral has been liquidated in full. If the early redemption 
is caused by an early redemption of the Original Collateral, the Early Redemption Date will depend on the 
redemption date of the Original Collateral. 
How will the termination payment under the Swap Agreement be calculated? 
The termination payment under the Swap Agreement will be based on the value, to the determining party, 
of the Swap Agreement as at the Early Termination Date (determined on the Early Valuation Date or as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter), taking into account all of the amounts that would have been 
payable by each party if the swap had not terminated. This amount could be negative (in which case the 
termination payment would be made by the determining party) or positive (in which case the termination 
payment would be made by the other party). The termination payment will usually be calculated by the 
Swap Counterparty, unless the Swap Counterparty’s default triggered the termination of the Swap 
Agreement. If the Swap Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a substitute calculation 
agent under the Swap Agreement for the purposes of determining the termination payment on the Issuer’s 
behalf. 
16 What is the order of priority?  
If the Notes redeem early, or if there is a default at maturity (whether in respect of the Original Collateral, 
by the Issuer or by the Swap Counterparty or otherwise), or if there is an enforcement of security then the 
proceeds of the Mortgaged Property will be applied in accordance with a specified order of priorities. In 
such order of priorities, the claims of other creditors of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be met before 
the claims of the Noteholders. Amounts paid in priority to the Noteholders include, among other things, (i) 
payments due to the Trustee, (ii) payments due to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, (iii) 
any fees of the Disposal Agent and (iv) any payments due to the Custodian and/or the other Agents. The 
Mortgaged Property is the only property the Issuer has from which to meet the claims in respect of the 
Notes. As a result of other claims having priority to those of the Noteholders, this means there may not be 
enough cash for the Issuer to meet its obligations to Noteholders (whether in full or at all). 
17 Who is the “Noteholder”? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system (which will usually be the case if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), the legal “Noteholder” will be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the 
nominee or depositary for the Notes (known as the common depositary). Such entity will hold the Notes 
for the benefit of the clearing systems and it shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of such Notes and the Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, such entity in respect 
of each amount so paid. As an investor, your rights in relation to the Notes will be governed by the contract 
you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the Notes and 
the contracts they have with the clearing system and any intermediaries in between. Accordingly, where 
this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or exercisable by, a Noteholder then your ability 
to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent on the terms of the contracts in such chain. 
If the Notes are held outside the clearing systems, the Noteholder will be the person who holds the 
definitive Bearer Note (in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form) or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (in the case of Registered Notes).

--- Page 70 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
70 
18 What rights do Noteholders have against the Issuer? 
Noteholders’ rights include the right to any payments payable to Noteholders in accordance with the Master 
Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. Noteholders may also have the right to make certain 
determinations or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a resolution of Noteholders) and 
the Issuer may only take certain actions with respect to the Notes if approved by Noteholders. Noteholders 
should note that, notwithstanding they may be owed payments under the Notes, their rights of direct action 
against the Issuer are limited as the right to take such action is generally instead vested in the Trustee 
(see paragraph 19 (“Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a 
payment on the Notes?”) below). 
19 What are the requirements for exercising Noteholders’ rights in respect of the Notes?  
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the Notes, including the 
person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Noteholders and the required 
percentage of Noteholders (if any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. For example, the 
Conditions specify that only the Trustee may exercise the right to enforce the Security on behalf of 
Noteholders if a default in payment by the Issuer has occurred. The Noteholders may direct the Trustee to 
exercise such rights by way of an Extraordinary Resolution. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a 
resolution passed at a duly convened meeting by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast at such meeting. 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held on behalf of a clearing system, the Issuer and the 
Trustee will be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the 
case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communication 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the 
relevant Series then outstanding, and neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will be liable or responsible to 
anyone for such reliance.  
In other circumstances where electronic consent is not being sought, Noteholders may also pass written 
resolutions on matters relating to the Notes without calling a meeting. A written resolution must be signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the 
relevant Series then outstanding. For the purpose of determining whether a written resolution has been 
validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing 
directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by accountholders in the clearing system 
with entitlements to the Notes and/or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is 
ultimately beneficially held. 
Such a written resolution or an electronic consent described in the previous paragraphs may be effected 
in connection with any matter affecting the interests of Noteholders that would otherwise be required to be 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders and shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution (or participate in the written resolution or electronic 
consent, as the case may be) and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority (either in a 
meeting or by written resolution). 
Noteholders should be aware that, even if they have directed the Trustee to act in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Trustee may request that it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded before it so 
acts.

--- Page 71 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
71 
20 How do you exercise a right to vote or enforce your rights in respect of the Notes? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system then, as rights under the Notes can only be exercised by 
the legal Noteholders (see paragraph 17 (“Who is the “Noteholder”?”) above), you must contact the 
custodian, broker or other entity through which you hold your interest in the Notes if you wish for any vote 
to be cast or direction to be given on your behalf. 
In respect of Notes held outside the clearing system, you may exercise your rights to vote or give directions 
directly in accordance with the Conditions. 
21 Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a 
payment on the Notes? 
The Issuer will execute an Issue Document in respect of each Series, pursuant to which a Trust Deed in 
respect of each Series shall be constituted, under which it will covenant to the Trustee that it will make the 
relevant payments and deliveries due on the Notes. The Trustee will hold the benefit of this covenant for 
Noteholders. If the Issuer fails to make a payment or delivery when due, only the Trustee may pursue the 
remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the Noteholders, unless the Trustee fails 
to do so within a reasonable period after having become bound to do so and such failure is continuing. 
22 When will the Security be enforced? 
The Security may be enforced by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
An Enforcement Event includes, amongst other events, the failure by the Issuer to pay (i) the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes on the Early Redemption Date or (ii) any principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes on the Maturity Date and such failure is continuing on the Relevant Payment Date.  
The Trustee shall enforce the Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event if it is (i) 
requested in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding, (ii) directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (iii) directed in writing by the 
Swap Counterparty (provided that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has given an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the 
Custodian, the Swap Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time). 
23 How are payments made to you? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system, payments will be made in accordance with the contract 
you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the Notes. 
For Notes not held through a clearing system, the “Noteholder” will be the investor who physically holds 
the Note (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the investor shown on the register (in the case of Registered 
Notes). To receive payment of principal, interest or other amounts, you will need to contact a paying agent 
(for Bearer Notes) or the registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and present evidence of your holding 
of the relevant Note. The Issuer will not make payments to you directly but will do so through the relevant 
agents. 
24 When are payments made to investors? 
Payments of principal and, if applicable, interest or other amounts are made on the dates specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 72 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
72 
25 Who calculates the amounts payable? 
Determinations will be made by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will be Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Calculation Agent is an agent of the Issuer and not of the Noteholders. You should also be aware that 
the Calculation Agent is likely to be an affiliate of the Dealer, the Swap Counterparty. See the section of 
this Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors” and the risk factors titled “Conflicts of interest” therein. 
If the Calculation Agent is insolvent or if the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and 
the Swap Counterparty is in default or insolvent, a replacement Calculation Agent may be appointed in 
accordance with the Conditions to make any necessary calculations.  
The calculation agent under the Swap Agreement is responsible for performing the calculations and 
determinations required under the Swap Agreement in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. The calculation agent will be the Swap Counterparty. If the Swap Counterparty is insolvent, the 
replacement calculation agent shall be the replacement calculation agent appointed in respect of the 
related Notes.  
26 Are the Calculation Agent’s determinations binding on you? 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes will be final and 
binding (except in the case of manifest error).  
27 Will you be able to sell your Notes? If so, what will be the price of the Notes? 
A market may not develop for the Notes. You should therefore be prepared to hold your Notes until their 
maturity date. 
The Notes may be subject to certain transfer restrictions and, in such case, will only be capable of being 
transferred to certain transferees under certain circumstances. Such restrictions on the transfer of Notes 
may further limit their liquidity. 
Please see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors - Risks relating to the Notes – Market 
value of Notes” for a description of factors that may be relevant for determining the price of the Notes at 
any given time. Please note that any price at which Notes may be sold prior to the maturity date may be at 
a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Notes were acquired on the issue date. 
28 Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling 
Notes? What other taxes might affect the Notes? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale of Notes. You 
should also be aware that stamp duties or taxes may have to be paid in accordance with the laws and 
practices of the country where the Notes are transferred.  
You should note that, if the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent or the Custodian is required by applicable law 
to apply any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges 
of whatsoever nature, it will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld 
or deducted and only pay the net amount after application of such withholding or deduction. None of the 
Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent or the Custodian will be obliged to make any additional payments to you in 
respect of such withholding or deduction. 
If a tax is imposed on payments to the Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral, the Swap Agreement, or 
on payments from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, the Notes will generally 
be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 73 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
73 
General information relating to certain aspects of Irish taxation is set out under the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “Taxation”. You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, 
commissions or other costs and your own tax advisers in order to understand fully the tax implications 
specific to investment in any Notes.  
29 Can the Issuer amend the Conditions of Notes without your consent? 
The Issuer may amend the Conditions without the consent of the Noteholders if:  
(i) 
the Trustee determines that the relevant amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines that the relevant amendments are necessary to reflect the appointment or 
replacement of any Agent or the Custodian; 
(iii) 
such amendments are necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the 
Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable Information 
Reporting Regime; 
(iv) 
such amendments constitute the replacement of a Reference Rate with a Replacement Reference 
Rate or are necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of a 
Reference Rate with a Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or 
to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the 
replacement of a Reference Rate with a Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread);  
(v) 
the purpose of such amendments is to account for any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap Counterparty; or 
such amendments are required in order to cause (a) the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and 
the Transaction Documents to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws, (b) the Issuer and each 
Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws or (c) the Issuer and each Transaction 
Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the 
Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws, 
and, in the case of paragraphs (iii) to (vi) above, subject to the satisfaction of additional requirements set 
out in the Conditions.  
30 Will the Programme be rated? 
The Programme is not rated. However, Notes may be rated by Fitch, Moody’s, R&I, and/or S&P and/or 
any other rating agency specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
74 
WORKED EXAMPLES 
This section sets out hypothetical worked examples of amounts the investor may receive of an investment 
in a Series of Notes. The figures used in this section are provided for illustrative purposes only as examples 
of the amounts the investor may receive when the Notes redeem and are not necessarily indicative of 
amounts the investor may actually receive on an investment in the Notes. 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
The investor invests in Notes of a Series issued on 1 December 2024 with a principal amount of 
EUR 1,000,000 and Original Collateral with a principal amount of EUR 1,000,000. 
(b) 
Each Note has a Calculation Amount of EUR 10,000. 
(c) 
The Maturity Date of the Notes is 1 December 2026. 
(d) 
The rate of interest for the Notes is 1 per cent. per annum payable annually on 1 December 2025 
and 1 December 2026.  
(e) 
No Early Redemption Trigger Date occurs between the Issue Date and Maturity Date. 
Based on the aforementioned, the investor will receive the following amounts in respect of each Note that 
it holds: 
(i) 
on each of 1 December 2025 and 1 December 2026, EUR 100 in the form of interest; and  
(ii) 
on 1 December 2026, EUR 10,000 as the Final Redemption Amount.  
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following:  
(a) 
The investor invests in Notes of a Series issued on 1 December 2024 with a principal amount of 
EUR 1,000,000 and Original Collateral with a principal amount of EUR 1,000,000.  
(b) 
Each Note has a Calculation Amount of EUR 10,000. 
(c) 
The Maturity Date of the Notes is 1 December 2026. 
(d) 
The rate of interest for the Notes is 1 per cent. per annum payable annually on 1 December 2025 
and 1 December 2026.  
(e) 
An Original Collateral Default Event occurs with an Early Redemption Trigger Date of 1 January 
2026 resulting in each Note being redeemed prior to its stated maturity at the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
Based on the aforementioned: 
(i) 
on 1 December 2025, the investor will receive EUR 100 in the form of interest; and 
(ii) 
following the Early Redemption Trigger Date: 
(a) 
the Disposal Agent sells all of the Original Collateral for EUR 500,000; and 
(b) 
the Swap Agreement is terminated and the Calculation Agent determines that an 
amount equal to EUR 100,000 is payable as a termination payment from the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty. 
(iii) 
the investor will receive an Early Redemption Amount equal to EUR 4,000 calculated by 
reference to the following formula [(EUR 500,000 – EUR 100,000) / 100 (being the number 
of Notes issued)] and will accordingly have lost EUR 6,000 of its initial principal investment;

--- Page 75 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
 
75 
(iv) 
for the avoidance of doubt, the investor will not receive a separate payment of interest 
accrued from 1 December 2025 to 1 January 2026;  
(v) 
following the payment of the Early Redemption Amount, the Notes shall be redeemed and 
no further payments shall be made to the investor.

--- Page 76 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
76 
MASTER CONDITIONS 
The following is the text of the Master Conditions applicable to the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Such Master Conditions, as modified and supplemented by the Belgian Consumer Conditions Annex 
where “Sale to Belgian Consumers” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and in all cases 
further subject to (i) completion in accordance with the relevant Final Terms or (ii) completion and 
amendment and as supplemented and/or varied in accordance with the relevant Alternative Issue 
Document, shall be applicable to the Notes. Either (i) the full text of these Master Conditions together with 
the provisions of the Issue Terms or (ii) these Master Conditions as so (i) completed by the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) completed, amended, supplemented and/or varied in accordance with 
the relevant Alternative Issue Document (and in each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable “provisions”) shall be endorsed on any Bearer Note or on any Registered Certificate relating to 
a Registered Note. In respect of the Notes, Final Terms means the applicable Final Terms for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation completed by the Issuer which specify the issue details of the 
Notes. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme. In respect of each issuance of a Series of Certificates, references in the 
Master Conditions to “Notes” shall be read as “Certificates” and to “Specified Denomination” shall be to 
the “value of each Unit”. 
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed entered into between, among others, the Issuer 
and the Trustee for such Series. These Master Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. 
An Agency Agreement will be entered into in relation to each Series between, among others, the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Disposal Agent. A Custody Agreement will be entered 
into in relation to each Series between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Custodian.  
The Noteholders, the Couponholders and the holders of Receipts are entitled to the benefit of, are bound 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice 
of those provisions applicable to them of the Programme Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
1 
Definitions and Interpretation 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in the Conditions shall have the meanings given to them in the 
Master Definitions referred to in the relevant Issue Document for the Notes. The Conditions shall be 
construed and interpreted in accordance with the principles of construction and interpretation set out in the 
Master Definitions.  
For convenience in reading this Base Prospectus, set out below are extracts from the Master Definitions 
of defined terms used in the Conditions.  
“100 per cent. Noteholders” means any holder or group of holders that together beneficially hold 100 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA, as amended and updated 
from time to time. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA 
(including any matrices, such as the Floating Rate Matrix, referred to therein), as amended and updated 
from time to time. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version” means, in respect of each Series, the latest available 
version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions as at the Initial Reference Date of the first Tranche of such Series, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 77 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
77 
“Additional Redemption Event” means the determination by the Calculation Agent on any day of the 
occurrence of any of the Additional Redemption Events specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the Calculation 
Agent determines is required in order to:  
(i) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) 
the Issuer to the Noteholders and the Couponholders or (b) the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or (b) the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, in each case that 
would otherwise arise as a result of any changes made to the Swap Agreement as a consequence 
of the replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate; 
and 
(iii) 
reflect any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions to hedge 
the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, to 
remove any difference between the cash flows under the Notes and any transactions in place to 
hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement which have resulted following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event.  
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value 
as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by 
comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero or 
determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register 
in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either (i) the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes or (ii) the Swap 
Counterparty or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to 
use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under any transactions in place to 
hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a 
Reference Rate Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the 
same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise 
to an Administrator/Benchmark Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer 
available or becomes non-representative, Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, for a Series and an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the 
date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register is: 
(i) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or

--- Page 78 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
78 
(ii) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that the 
Reference Rate is not permitted to be used under the Notes following rejection, refusal, suspension 
or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Reference Rate Trade Date, the Reference Rate Trade 
Date. 
“Affected Instructing Noteholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv). 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person or any entity, directly or indirectly, under common 
control with that person. For this purpose, “control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of 
the entity or person. 
“Agency Agreement” means, for a Series, the agency agreement for that Series created by entry into of 
the Issue Document for the first Tranche of that Series, on the terms of the Master Agency Terms as 
amended by such Issue Document.  
“Agents” means:  
(i) 
for Bearer Notes, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
other Paying Agents; and 
(ii) 
for Registered Notes, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, any 
other Paying Agents, the Registrar the Transfer Agent and the other Transfer Agents,  
for that Series, together with, in each case, such other agent(s) as may be appointed by the Issuer for that 
Series and any Successor thereto, and references to “Agent” means any of them. 
“Aggregate Instalment Amount” means, in respect of an Instalment Date, the amount specified next to 
such Instalment Date in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to reduction by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Condition 8(b) (Redemption by Instalments) and any other prior redemptions, purchases 
and/or cancellations of the Notes. 
“Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(v). 
“ATAD” means the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (“ATAD I”) on 12 July 2016. 
The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (“ATAD II” and, together with ATAD I, the 
“ATAD”) on 29 May 2017. 
“Authority” means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, tax or governmental authority in any 
jurisdiction. 
“Available Proceeds” means, with respect to a Liquidation Event or Enforcement Event relating to a Series 
and as of a particular day: 
(i) 
all cash sums derived from any Liquidation of the Collateral for that Series, any amount paid by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement relating to that Series, any amounts realised by the Trustee on 
enforcement of the Security and all other cash sums available to the Issuer or the Trustee, as the 
case may be, derived from the Mortgaged Property for such Series (after deduction of, or provision 
for, any Negative Interest); less 
(ii) 
any cash sums which have already been applied by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 15(a) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) of such Series on any Issuer Application Date or 
by the Trustee pursuant to Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security) of such Series on any Trustee Application Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 79 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
79 
“Bankruptcy Credit Event” means the occurrence of a Credit Event as a result of Bankruptcy, and with 
each of “Credit Event” and “Bankruptcy” having the meaning given to them in the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions. 
“Bankruptcy Event” has the meaning given to the term “Bankruptcy” in Section 4.2 of the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, provided that the words “means the Reference Entity” in the first line thereof shall 
be replaced with the words “means, with respect to any person, such person”. 
“Bearer Note” means a Note that is in bearer form, and includes any replacement Bearer Note issued 
pursuant to the Conditions and any Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note. 
“Board” means the board of directors of the Issuer. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
in respect of any other place, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in such place; or 
(iii) 
where “TARGET” is specified in the context of a Business Day, a day which is a TARGET Business 
Day. 
“Business Day Convention” means each of (i) the Following Business Day Convention, (ii) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention and (iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” means Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft or otherwise the person specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect 
to the Calculation Agent for that Series, (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Calculation Agent, or any analogous 
determination has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or 
supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent for that Series is 
an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Note and an Interest Period, the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Calculation Amount Factor” means, in respect of a Note, the number equal to the outstanding principal 
amount of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
“Certification” means the presentation to the Issuing and Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates with 
respect to one or more interests in a Temporary Global Note, signed by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (substantially to the effect of Schedule 3 (Clearing System Certificate of Non-U.S. Citizenship 
and Residency) to the Agency Agreement), to the effect that such clearance system has received a 
certificate or certificates substantially to the effect of Schedule 2 (Accountholder Certificate of Non-U.S. 
Citizenship and Residency) to the Agency Agreement and that no contrary advice as to the contents thereof 
has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A. 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

--- Page 80 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
80 
“Collateral” means, for a Series, the Issuer’s rights, title and/or interests in and to any of the following: 
(i) 
the Original Collateral (other than any Original Collateral that the Issuer may have sold, posted or 
otherwise disposed of under the terms of the Credit Support Annex); 
(ii) 
from time to time, any Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral; 
(iii) 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer pursuant 
to the Credit Support Annex; and 
(iv) 
any cash transferred to any cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the books 
of the Custodian and which is used solely for the purpose of holding amounts that are to be used in 
paying any costs of the Issuer which relate to such Series and which would not have arisen but for 
the issuance of such Series, including any litigation relating to such Series. 
Collateral for a Series shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to (A) any further Collateral 
acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of notes that are to be consolidated and form a 
single series with the Notes of that Series, (B) any Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution 
or replacement of any Collateral previously held by it for that Series and (C) any asset or property (which 
may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of contractual rights) into which any of the Collateral 
for that Series is converted or exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding 
such Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof. 
“Collateral Obligor” means, for a Series, any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer (or any 
relevant person holding the Collateral for such Series for or on behalf of the Issuer) in respect of the 
Collateral for that Series pursuant to the terms of such Collateral. 
“Collateral Proceeds” means, for a Series, the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived 
from any Liquidation of the Collateral for that Series as of the Early Valuation Date for that Series, provided 
that if any Collateral of that Series has not been Liquidated by such Early Valuation Date, then the 
Collateral Proceeds in respect of such Collateral not then Liquidated shall be deemed to be the fair bid-
side market value of such Collateral as of the Early Valuation Date (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) net of any taxes, costs or charges that would be incurred on the sale of such Collateral. 
“Collateral Sale Provisions” means the collateral sale settlement provisions in clause 10 (Original 
Collateral Settlement Elections) of the Programme Deed.  
“Common Depositary” means, in relation to a Series, a depositary common to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
“Conditions” means, for a Series, the Master Conditions, (i) as completed by the provisions of the relevant 
Issue Terms and (ii) to the extent that the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered 
Certificate, as the case may be, as further completed, by the terms of the Global Note or Global Registered 
Certificate, as the case may be. Reference to a particularly numbered Condition shall be construed as a 
reference to the Condition so numbered in the Master Conditions. 
“Constituting Issue Terms ” means, in respect of a Tranche, the constituting issue terms entered into by 
the Issuer and the Transaction Parties in respect of that Tranche substantially in the form set out in 
Schedule 5 to the Programme Deed.  
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the management agreement dated 29 April 2014 and entered 
into between Deutsche International Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited and the Issuer as subsequently 
novated pursuant to a deed of novation dated 15 July 2018 and entered into between Deutsche 
International Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited, Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited and the 
Issuer.

--- Page 81 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
81 
“Corporate Services Provider” means Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited, a private limited 
company with limited liability having its registered office at Block A, George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, 
Dublin 2, Ireland. 
“Corporate Services Provider Fees” means any fees charged by, or any other amounts owed to, the 
Corporate Services Provider for the performance of its duties pursuant to the Corporate Services 
Agreement. 
“Couponholder” means a holder of a Coupon and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, a Talon 
for one or more further Coupons. 
“Coupons” means the bearer coupons relating to interest-bearing Bearer Notes or, as the context may 
require, a specific number of them and includes any replacement Coupons issued pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions. 
“Credit Support Annex” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “ISDA Master Agreement”. 
“Credit Support Balance (VM)” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“CSB Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i) or 15(b)(i), as applicable. 
“Custodian” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the 
Custodian for that Series or (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a 
Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Custodian, or any analogous determination has 
been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement 
to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Custody Account” means, for a Series, the custody account in the name of the Issuer opened in London 
in the books of the Custodian for that Series. 
“Custody Agreement” means, for a Series, the custody agreement for that Series created by entry into of 
the Issue Document for that Series, on the terms of the Master Custody Terms as amended by such Issue 
Document. 
“Cut-off Date” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
in respect of a Reference Rate Cessation, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the public statement is made or the 
information is published (in each case, as referred to in the definition of “Reference Rate 
Cessation”); and 
(B) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-
representative; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of:  
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred; and  
(B) 
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date;

--- Page 82 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
82 
(iii) 
in respect of a Risk-Free Rate Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a Risk-Free Rate Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Risk-Free Rate Event Date;  
(iv) 
in respect of a Representative Statement Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a Representative Statement Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Representative Statement Event Date; and  
(v) 
in respect of a Material Change Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a Material Change Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Material Change Event Date, 
provided that, in each case, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates 
or recommends an interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source and one or more of those Relevant 
Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three London Business Days before the date 
determined pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (iv) above (as applicable), then the Cut-off Date will instead be 
the second London Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off 
Date. 
“D Rules Note” means a Temporary Global Note in respect of which “TEFRA D” or “TEFRA Not Applicable” 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a fraction equal to “number of 
days accrued/number of days in year”, as such terms are used in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, 
rules and recommendations of the International Capital Market Association (the “ICMA Rule 
Book”), calculated in accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non U.S. dollar 
denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as though the interest 
on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the Interest Period; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 83 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
83 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)


(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)


(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
(
)


(
)


(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 84 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
84 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(ix) 
if “Act/365L” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365 (or, if the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of the Interest Period 
falls in a leap year, divided by 366); 
(x) 
if “Calculation/252” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of Reference 
Business Days falling in the Interest Period following application of the relevant Business Day 
Convention to the applicable Interest Period End Dates, divided by 252; and 
(xi) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
where Interest Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and 
last Interest Periods), 0.25; 
(B) 
where Interest Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and last 
Interest Periods), 0.5; and 
(C) 
where Interest Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and 
last Interest Periods), 1, 
provided that, in each case, if the first and/or last Interest Periods are shorter than the other Interest 
Periods, “Actual/Actual-ISDA” shall apply in respect of such Interest Period(s) instead. 
“Dealer” means Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft or otherwise the person specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Dealer Agreement” means, in respect of a Tranche, the dealer agreement for that Tranche created by 
entry into of the Issue Document for that Tranche, on the terms of the Master Dealer Terms as amended 
by such Issue Document. 
“Default Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest). 
“Definitive Bearer Note” means a Bearer Note in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached on issue and includes any replacement Note issued pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
“Definitive Registered Note” means a Registered Certificate (other than a Global Registered Certificate) 
and includes any replacement Registered Certificate issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Delayed Interest Payment Days” means, for a Series, the number of Reference Business Days specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms for the purposes of “Delayed Payment”. 
“Deliverable Cash Amount” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder, the product of (i) the 
Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage in respect of that Instructing Noteholder and (ii) the net 
proceeds realised from the Liquidation of the Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount, in each 
case after deduction of the following: (i) any taxes required to be paid by virtue of such Liquidation and (ii)

--- Page 85 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
85 
any costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Issuer or the Disposal Agent by virtue of such 
Liquidation. 
“Deliverable Original Collateral Amount” means the principal amount of Original Collateral to be 
delivered to an Instructing Noteholder (by reference to the Instructing Noteholder Proportion in respect of 
that Instructing Noteholder) rounded down to the nearest amount that is capable of being delivered, 
assigned or transferred. 
“Director” means a director of the Issuer. 
“Disposal Agent” means Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft or otherwise the person specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to 
the Disposal Agent for that Series, (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Disposal Agent, or any analogous determination 
has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement 
to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and/or (iii) the Disposal Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the 
Swap Counterparty and a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Disposal Agent Fees” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Liquidation Expenses”. 
“Dodd-Frank Act” means the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, an amount per Note outstanding on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date in the Specified Currency equal to: 
(i) 
if no such amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be an amount equal to that Note’s pro rata share of: 
(A) 
the Collateral Proceeds; plus 
(B) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement); minus 
(C) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any 
other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement); 
or 
(ii) 
where the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(k) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of 
an Issuer Call Condition), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount equal 
to the Issuer Call Redemption Amount; or 
(iii) 
if a specific amount or formula is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the amount specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or 
method for determining such amount specified therein). 
“Early Redemption Date” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
for all purposes other than where an Early Redemption Trigger Date occurs as a result of (A) an 
Original Collateral Call pursuant to Condition 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call), (B) the 
satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition pursuant to Condition 8(k) (Redemption Following 
Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), (C) the exercise of a Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
pursuant to Condition 8(l) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option) 
or (D) the occurrence of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event pursuant to Condition 8(m) (Redemption

--- Page 86 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
86 
Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default), the earlier of (I) (a) the 15th Reference Business 
Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable 
Issue Terms) or (b) the 35th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified 
as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms) following the relevant Early 
Redemption Trigger Date for that Series and (II) the fifth Reference Business Day following the date 
on which the Collateral of that Series has been Liquidated in full; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call), (A) the 15th Reference 
Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in 
the applicable Issue Terms) or (B) the 35th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-
off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms) following the later 
of the Original Collateral Call Early Payment Date for that Series and the Early Redemption Trigger 
Date for that Series (provided that, if all the Collateral of that Series has been redeemed and/or 
Liquidated on or before the third Reference Business Day prior to such date, the Early Redemption 
Date for that Series shall be the third Reference Business Day after the later of (I) the Early 
Redemption Trigger Date for that Series and (II) the date on which all proceeds of such redemption 
and/or Liquidation of Collateral of that Series have been received by or on behalf of the Issuer);  
(iii) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(k) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), 
the Issuer Call Redemption Date;  
(iv) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(l) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption 
Option), the date designated as such in the relevant Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise 
Notice; and 
(v) 
for the purposes of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event and Condition 8(m) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event of Default), the fifth Reference Business Day following the Early 
Redemption Trigger Date for that Series. 
“Early Redemption Notice” means, for a Series, an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to Noteholders of 
that Series in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) (or, in the case of Condition 8(m) (Redemption 
Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default), from the Trustee to the Issuer) and that specifies that 
the Notes of that Series are to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). An Early 
Redemption Notice given pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) must contain a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that the Notes of the relevant Series are to 
be redeemed and (i) in the case of an Early Redemption Notice given by the Issuer, must specify which of 
Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral Default Event) to 8(l) (Redemption Following 
Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option) are applicable and (ii) in the case of an Early Redemption 
Notice given by the Trustee, must specify which of Conditions 8(m)(i) to (iii) are applicable. A copy of any 
Early Redemption Notice shall also be sent by the Issuer (when sent pursuant to Conditions 8(c) 
(Redemption upon Original Collateral Default Event) to 8(l) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder 
Early Redemption Option)) or the Trustee (when sent pursuant to Condition 8(m) (Redemption Following 
the Occurrence of an Event of Default)) to all Transaction Parties relating to that Series, save that any 
failure to give a copy shall not invalidate the relevant Early Redemption Notice. 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date” means, for a Series, the date determined as such pursuant to Condition 
8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
“Early Termination Date” means, for a Series, for the purposes of the Swap Agreement, the date 
determined as such pursuant to the Swap Agreement for that Series. 
“Early Valuation Date” means, for a Series, the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date of that Series. 
“Enforcement Event” means, for a Series, the occurrence of one or more of the following events:

--- Page 87 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
87 
(i) 
following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series, the Issuer 
fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes of that Series on the Early 
Redemption Date of that Series; 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay (A) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Notes of that Series and/or 
(B) any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Notes of that Series 
on their Maturity Date, and, in each case, has not paid any such amount (together with any Default 
Interest accrued thereon) on or by the Relevant Payment Date; and 
(iii) 
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of that Series (whether before or after the Maturity Date of that 
Series), the Issuer fails to pay any amount due and payable to the Swap Counterparty on the 
relevant due date for payment under the Swap Agreement relating to that Series. 
“Enforcement Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 14(b) (Enforcement Notice). 
“Equivalent Obligations” means any Obligations that are issued in fungible form and that share common 
terms and conditions. 
“euro” means the lawful currency of those Member States of the European Union that have adopted the 
single currency of the European Union. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“EUWA” means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
“Event of Default” has, for a Series, the meaning given to it in Condition 8(m) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Expected Call Date”, for a Series, means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders) to the Trust Deed. 
“FATCA” means (i) sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, (ii) any similar or successor legislation to sections 
1471 to 1474 of the Code, (iii) any regulations or guidance pursuant to any of the foregoing, (iv) any official 
interpretations of any of the foregoing, (v) any intergovernmental agreement to facilitate the implementation 
of any of the foregoing (an “IGA”), (vi) any law implementing an IGA or (vii) any agreement with the United 
States or any other jurisdiction or authority pursuant to the foregoing. 
“FATCA Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(c) (FATCA 
Amendments). 
“FATCA Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(c) (FATCA 
Amendments). 
“FATCA Withholding” means any withholding or deduction imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, an amount per Note of that Series determined by the 
Calculation Agent for that Series equal to the “Specified Final Redemption Amount” specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for 
determining such amount specified therein) or, if no “Specified Final Redemption Amount” is specified, the 
principal amount of such Note. 
“Final Terms” means, in respect of a Tranche, the Final Terms in the form set out in the Appendix 1 (Form 
of Final Terms) to this Base Prospectus which specify and complete the relevant issue details of such 
Tranche.  
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited.

--- Page 88 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
88 
“Fixed Rate Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be “Fixed Rate”. 
“Floating Rate Matrix” means the “2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix” 
published by ISDA, as amended and updated from time to time. 
“Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version” means, in respect of each Series, the latest available version 
of the Floating Rate Matrix as at the Initial Reference Date of the first Tranche of such Series, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Floating Rate Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be “Floating Rate”. 
“Following Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is such a Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Global Note” means a Temporary Global Note and/or, as the context may require, a Permanent Global 
Note. 
“Global Registered Certificate” means a Registered Certificate substantially in the form set out as a 
“Global Registered Certificate” in the Master Forms of Notes, and representing Registered Notes of one 
or more Tranches of the same Series. 
“Governmental Authority” means:  
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body;  
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or 
charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of an 
Original Collateral Obligor or some or of all of its obligations; or 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
“holder” means, in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon of a Series, means the bearer of any such 
Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note of that Series is 
registered (as the case may be). 
“Identical Collateral” means, for a Series and Original Collateral of that Series that is in the form of 
securities, shares or any other assets which can be issued in fungible form, any such securities, shares or 
other assets that, immediately prior to the event in question, were part of the same issuance or series of 
fungible issuances of securities, shares or assets, shared common terms and conditions and ranked pari 
passu with such securities, shares or assets. 
An “Illegality Event” shall occur in respect of a Series if, due to the adoption of, or any change in, any 
applicable law after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, or due to the promulgation of, or 
any change in, the formal or informal interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law after such date, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to (i) perform 
any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery in respect of the Notes or any 
agreement entered into in connection with the Notes, (ii) hold any Collateral or to receive a payment or 
delivery in respect of any Collateral or (iii) comply with any other material provision of any agreement 
entered into in connection with the Notes. 
“Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning 
given to it in the definition of “Replacement Reference Rate”.

--- Page 89 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
89 
“Ineligible Investor” means a person who is (i) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act), (ii) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention rules issued under Section 15G of 
the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934) or (iii) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 
under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, 
the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons). 
“Information Reporting Regime” means (i) the common standard on reporting and due diligence for 
financial account information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, 
bilateral and multilateral competent authority and intergovernmental agreements, and treaties facilitating 
the implementation thereof, and any law implementing any such common standard, competent authority 
agreement, intergovernmental agreement, or treaty (including, to the extent it implements or is aligned with 
such common standard, Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
and any law implementing those aspects of such Council Directive) and (ii) FATCA. 
“Initial Issuer Application Date” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Issuer Application Date”. 
“Initial Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Instalment Amount” means, for a Series and an Instalment Date of that Series, an amount per Note 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to (i) the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or (ii) the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount 
specified therein or (iii) where an Aggregate Instalment Amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
such Note’s pro rata share of the Aggregate Instalment Amount relating to such Instalment Date. 
“Instalment Date” means, for a Series, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Instalment Note” means each Note that provides in the applicable Issue Terms for Instalment Dates and 
Instalment Amounts. 
“Instructing Noteholder Proportion” means such proportion of the Original Collateral (the principal 
amount of which shall be rounded down to the nearest whole unit (e.g. one euro or one pound sterling) of 
the currency in which the Original Collateral is denominated) as equals the proportion which such 
Instructing Noteholder’s holding of Notes bears to the total principal amount outstanding of the Notes of all 
Instructing Noteholders as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the date of the Original Collateral 
Substitution Notice. 
“Instructing Noteholders” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i). 
“Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder, the 
Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount in respect of that Instructing Noteholder divided by the Aggregate 
Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount. 
“interest”, in the context of amounts payable in respect of the Notes of a Series, shall be deemed to include 
all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Interest). 
“Interest Amount” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period of that Series, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Basis”, for a Series, is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, for a Series, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series 
or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 90 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
90 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period for a Series, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is sterling, (ii) the day falling two London Business Days for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither sterling 
nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if 
the Specified Currency is euro, in each case subject to any applicable adjustment provisions provided for 
within the Conditions. 
“Interest Payment Date” means, for a Series, each date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, except that:  
(i) 
each Interest Payment Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following 
Business Day Convention unless another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates for that Series; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Interest Payment Date falling at the end of an Interest Period, if “ISDA Rate: 2006 
ISDA Definitions” or “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are determined” and “Delayed Payment” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such Interest Payment Date shall be delayed to the date that is the number 
of Delayed Interest Payment Days falling after such Interest Payment Date, provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be no later than the Maturity Date 
or such other date for redemption of the relevant Notes. 
“Interest Period” means, in respect of a Series, the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date of that Series and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date of 
that Series and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period End Date of that Series. 
“Interest Period End Date” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
each date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms (ignoring for this 
purpose any adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention) unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, except that each Interest Period End Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention unless (A) another 
Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to Interest Period End Dates for that Series, 
in which case an adjustment will be made in accordance with that specified Business Day 
Convention or (B) “No Adjustment” is specified in connection with Interest Period End Dates for that 
Series, in which case no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding that the Interest Period End Date 
occurs on a day that is not a relevant Business Day for such purpose; and 
(ii) 
where “Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant Issuer Call Condition 
has been satisfied, the Issuer Call Period End Date shall be the final Interest Period End Date. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by ISDA. 
“ISDA Definitions” means: 
(i) 
if “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are determined”, the 2006 ISDA Definitions; or 
(ii) 
if “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are determined”, the 2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions (and

--- Page 91 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
91 
for which purpose the relevant Floating Rate Matrix shall be the Floating Rate Matrix Publication 
Version),  
and, in respect of each Series, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Initial Reference 
Date of the first Tranche of such Series, unless the relevant Issue Terms specify otherwise, in which case 
as otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“ISDA Master Agreement” means, for a Series, the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty for such Series by execution of the Issue Document and which is in the form of an 
ISDA 2002 Master Agreement together with a schedule thereto and which, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, shall include a credit support annex to the ISDA Schedule in the form of the ISDA 2016 Credit 
Support Annex for Variation Margin (VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements Subject to English 
Law) Copyright © 2016 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the “Credit Support 
Annex”), in each case on the terms of the Master Swap Terms as amended by such Issue Document. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(iii) or Condition 7(b)(iv), as applicable. 
“Issue Date” means, in relation to each Tranche, the date on which the Notes of that Tranche have been 
issued or, if not yet issued, the date agreed for their issue between the Issuer and the Dealer for such 
Tranche. 
“Issue Document” means, in respect of a Tranche, (i) the Constituting Issue Terms or (ii) any other 
document prepared in respect of the Tranche and designated as such (an “Alternative Issue Document”), 
in each case entered into by the Issuer and the Transaction Parties in respect of that Tranche. Where more 
than one Tranche has been issued in respect of a Series, references to the Issue Document of that Series 
shall be construed to mean the Issue Document for each Tranche collectively, save for where the context 
specifically requires a reference to the Issue Document to be that for a particular Tranche only. 
“Issue Terms” means, in respect of a Tranche, (i) the Final Terms or (ii) the Pricing Terms. 
“Issuer” means Palladium Securities Ireland plc. 
“Issuer Application Date” means, for a Series, each of: 
(i) 
the Early Redemption Date or (if the Liquidation Event was a Maturity Date Liquidation Event) the 
Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, of that Series or, if (x) the Collateral of that Series has not 
been Liquidated in full, (y) an Early Termination Date has not been designated, deemed to be 
designated or occurred in respect of the Swap Agreement (z) the Termination Payment has not 
been determined in respect of the Swap Agreement, in each case by such date, the later of: 
(A) 
the date falling three Reference Business Days after all the Collateral of that Series has been 
Liquidated in full and the cash proceeds have been received by or on behalf of the Issuer; 
and 
(B) 
the third Reference Business Day after the earliest date on which an Early Termination Date 
has been designated, deemed to be designated or occurred in respect of the Swap 
Agreement relating to such Series and the Termination Payment has been determined in 
respect of such Swap Agreement, 
(such date, the “Initial Issuer Application Date”); and 
(ii) 
in respect of each sum received by the Issuer from the Mortgaged Property of that Series that has 
not already been applied on the Initial Issuer Application Date of that Series, the date falling three 
Reference Business Days following receipt by the Issuer of such sum. 
“Issuer Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, the Issuer:

--- Page 92 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
92 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee acting on the directions of an Extraordinary Resolution); 
(ii) 
save to the extent contemplated in the Trust Deed for that Series, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of the Noteholders, or such a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(iii) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency, 
examinership or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy, examinership or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up, 
examinership or liquidation (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, 
forced or judicial liquidation, composition with creditors, reprieve from payment, controlled 
management, general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar 
proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official; 
(iv) 
has instituted against it, by a person or entity not described in paragraph (iii) above, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency, examinership or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any 
bankruptcy, examinership or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up, examinership or liquidation (including, without limitation, any 
bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, forced or judicial liquidation, composition with creditors, reprieve 
from payment, controlled management, general settlement with creditors or reorganisation 
proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally), and such proceeding 
or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency, examinership or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation, or (B) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee acting on the 
direction of an Extraordinary Resolution); 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, examiner, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official (including, without limitation, any 
receiver, liquidator, auditor, verifier, provisional administrator or any application made or petition 
lodged or documents filed with the court or administrator in relation to the Issuer for it or for any 
assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the 
Trust Deed for that Series); 
(vii) 
other than the Trustee for that Series (except in circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the 
Security pursuant to the Trust Deed) or the Custodian for that Series, has a secured party take 
possession of any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured 
pursuant to the Trust Deed for that Series or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against any assets on which the liabilities of 
the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed for that Series and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or  
(viii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references in paragraph (vi) above to (A) a “trustee” shall not include the 
Trustee carrying out its day-to-day duties in respect of the relevant Notes, (but shall, however, include

--- Page 93 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
93 
circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the Security pursuant to the Trust Deed in respect thereof) 
or (B) a “custodian” shall not include the Custodian carrying out its day-to-day duties in respect of the 
relevant Notes.  
“Issuer Call Condition” means, in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for a Series where 
“Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence of one of the following:  
(i) 
an Autocall Termination Trigger (as defined in the Swap Agreement); 
(ii) 
an Optional Termination Trigger (as defined in the Swap Agreement); or 
(iii) 
any other event specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Issuer Call Period End Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Issuer Call Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Issuer Call Redemption Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Issuer Call Settlement Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Liquidation” means, in respect of any Collateral of a Series, the realisation of such Collateral for cash 
proceeds whether by way of sale, early redemption, early repayment or agreed termination or by such 
other means as the Disposal Agent for that Series determines appropriate or in any other manner specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and “Liquidate”, “Liquidated” and “Liquidating” shall be construed 
accordingly (and, for the avoidance of doubt, references to “cash proceeds” for such purpose shall include 
any cash already available to the Issuer for such Series whether derived from the Collateral or otherwise). 
“Liquidation Commencement Notice” means, for a Series, a notice from the Issuer or the Trustee (as 
the case may be) in writing of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event. Any Early Redemption Notice given 
or copied to each of the Transaction Parties for that Series by the Issuer or the Trustee for that Series, as 
the case be, shall constitute a Liquidation Commencement Notice (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, 
an Early Redemption Notice given in respect of the occurrence of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event). 
“Liquidation Event” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series (other than in respect 
of the occurrence of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event or the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition where 
“Issuer Call Settlement – Delivery to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay (A) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes of that Series and/or 
(B) any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Notes of that Series 
on their Maturity Date (a “Maturity Date Liquidation Event”). 
“Liquidation Expenses” means (i) any taxes and (ii) any reasonable transaction fees or commissions 
applicable to such Liquidation, including any brokerage or exchange commissions, provided that such 
transaction fees or commissions are limited to and no higher than those that would necessarily and 
routinely be charged by the third party market participant to whom such fees or commissions are payable 
for a sale transaction of that type to third parties on an arm’s length basis. Save for such reasonable 
transaction fees or commissions, Liquidation Expenses shall not include any fee charged by, or any other

--- Page 94 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
94 
amounts owed to, the Disposal Agent for the performance of its duties specified in, or incidental to, the 
Conditions (the “Disposal Agent Fees”). Such Disposal Agent Fees shall be paid to the Disposal Agent 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds). 
“Liquidation Period” means, for a Series, the period from (and including) the Early Redemption Trigger 
Date or the Maturity Date (as applicable) to (and including) the 10th Reference Business Day (where 
“Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms) or 
30th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business 
Days in the applicable Issue Terms) following the Early Redemption Trigger Date or Maturity Date (as 
applicable), provided that if such Early Redemption Trigger Date has occurred as a result of (A) the 
satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, the Liquidation Period shall not extend beyond the Issuer Call 
Settlement Date or (B) the delivery of a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice, the 
Liquidation Period shall be the period from and (including) the Early Redemption Trigger Date to (and 
including) the day falling three Reference Business Days prior to the designated Early Redemption Date. 
“Master Agency Terms” means the Master Agency Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Document for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Conditions” means the Master Conditions identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Document for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Custody Terms” means the Master Custody Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in 
the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Document for 
the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Dealer Terms” means the Master Dealer Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Tranche of a Series, by the Issue 
Document for such Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Definitions” means the Master Definitions identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Document for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Forms of Notes” means the Master Forms of Notes identified as a Master Terms Document in 
the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Document for 
the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Repurchase and Cancellation Terms” means the Master Repurchase and Cancellation Terms 
identified as a Master Terms Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a 
particular Series, by the Issue Document for the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Swap Terms” means the Master Swap Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Document for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Terms Documents” means the Master Agency Terms, Master Conditions, Master Custody 
Terms, Master Dealer Terms, Master Definitions, Master Forms of Notes, Master Repurchase and 
Cancellation Terms, Master Swap Terms and Master Trust Terms specified in the Programme Deed or, in 
respect of a particular Series, such amended or additional documents as may be specified as Master 
Terms Documents in the Issue Document for the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Trust Terms” means the Master Trust Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Document for the 
first Tranche of such Series.

--- Page 95 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
95 
“Material Change Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the definition 
of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to a Material Change Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate 
Cessation and a Material Change Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either 
case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Material Change Event 
provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Material Change Event Date would have 
occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Condition 9(e) 
(Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Material Change Event had occurred. 
“Material Change Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Maturity Cut-off Date” means, for a Series, the date determined as provided in Condition 15(f) (Swap 
Counterparty Failure to Pay after Maturity). 
“Maturity Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, except that 
the Maturity Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention 
unless another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to the Maturity Date. 
“Maturity Date Liquidation Event” has the meaning given to it in paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
“Liquidation Event”. 
“Maturity Extension Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a) (Final Redemption). 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is such a Business Day or Reference Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding such Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. 
“Mortgaged Property” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the Collateral of that Series and all property, assets and sums derived therefrom; 
(ii) 
all cash (if any) held by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of that Series; 
(iii) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Swap Agreement relating to such Series and 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such Swap 
Agreement; 
(iv) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Agency Agreement relating to such Series, any 
other agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Disposal Agent in relation to such Series 
and the Custody Agreement relating to such Series and the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in 
all property, assets and sums derived from such agreements; and 
(v) 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, income, rights and/or 
agreements of the Issuer from time to time charged or assigned or otherwise made subject to the 
security created in relation to that Series by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee for that Series 
pursuant to the Trust Deed, as the case may be, 
in each case, securing the Secured Payment Obligations and includes, where the context permits, any 
part of that Mortgaged Property.

--- Page 96 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
96 
“Negative Interest” means, if an interest rate is a negative value, the debiting of funds from an account as 
a result of the application of such negative interest rate. 
“New Original Collateral” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i) (Substitution of Original 
Collateral). 
“Note Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
“Noteholder” means, for a Series, the bearer of any Bearer Note relating to Notes of that Series and the 
Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note of that Series is registered (as the 
case may be). 
“Noteholder Early Redemption Option” means, where “Noteholder Early Redemption Option” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the option of 100 per cent. Noteholders to deliver 
a Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice on any Reference Business Day falling within the 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period. 
“Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(l) 
(Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option). 
“Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period” means, for a Series, the period specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, provided that if the period specified ends later than the 25th Reference Business 
Day prior to the Maturity Date, the end of the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period shall be deemed 
to be the 25th Reference Business Day prior to the Maturity Date.  
“Notes” means secured notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme, constituted by a Trust Deed for 
such secured notes and for the time being outstanding, or, as the context may require, a specific number, 
Series or Tranche of them.  
“Obligation” means any obligation of the Issuer for the payment or repayment of borrowed money, which 
shall include, without limitation, any Note and any other obligation that is in the form of, or represented by, 
a bond, note, certificate, warrant or other debt security and any obligation that is documented by a term 
loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement. 
“Original Collateral” means, for a Series, the Issuer’s rights, title and/or interests in and to assets or 
property specified in the applicable Issue Terms as forming part of the Original Collateral for that Series 
and representing obligations of one or more persons, having the following characteristics: (a) the Original 
Collateral Obligor is a corporate, a financial institution, a local authority or a sovereign, (b) the legal nature 
of the securities are bonds; and (c) securities of the Original Collateral Obligor are admitted to trading on 
an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market.  
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(i) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to:  
(A) 
in respect of securities, all principal, interest and other payments and distributions of cash or 
other property due in respect of such securities; 
(B) 
any further Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of 
notes that are to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of that Series; 
(C) 
any Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution or replacement of any 
Original Collateral previously held by it for that Series; and 
(D) 
any asset or property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of 
contractual rights) into which any of the Original Collateral for that Series is converted or 
exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding such Original 
Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof;

--- Page 97 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
97 
(ii) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall not include any Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral or 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer pursuant 
to the Credit Support Annex;  
(iii) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall include any Original Collateral that the Issuer may have sold, 
posted or otherwise disposed of under the terms of the Credit Support Annex. To the extent that 
equivalent collateral has subsequently been transferred or delivered by the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex, the Original Collateral for a Series shall include such 
equivalent collateral and shall not include the Original Collateral originally transferred. 
“Original Collateral Call” means, for a Series, that notice is given that any of the Original Collateral of 
such Series is called for redemption or repayment (whether in whole or in part) prior to its scheduled 
maturity date, other than (i) a notice in respect of any scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral or 
(ii) any redemption as a result of the Original Collateral being called on an Expected Call Date. 
“Original Collateral Call Early Payment Date” means, following the occurrence of an Original Collateral 
Call relating to the Original Collateral of a Series, the day on which the Original Collateral that is the subject 
of that Original Collateral Call is scheduled to redeem or repay early (and if any securities, loans, deposits, 
shares, partnership interests, units in unit trusts or any other assets forming part of the Original Collateral 
are scheduled to redeem or repay early on two or more days, the Original Collateral Call Early Payment 
Date shall be the last of such days to occur in time). 
“Original Collateral Conversion” means, for a Series, the conversion of the Original Collateral for that 
Series into any other financial instrument upon the exercise by the Original Collateral Obligor for that Series 
of any option or other right to convert such Original Collateral in accordance with the terms of such Original 
Collateral in effect as of the Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date. 
“Original Collateral Default” means, for a Series, any of the Original Collateral for that Series has become 
capable of being declared due and payable before it or they would otherwise have been due and payable 
as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or 
event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant 
Original Collateral Obligor under the Original Collateral for that Series. 
“Original Collateral Default Event” means, for a Series, any of the following events, in respect of the 
Original Collateral for such Series: 
(i) 
an Original Collateral Failure to Pay; 
(ii) 
an Original Collateral Default; 
(iii) 
an Original Collateral Repudiation/Moratorium; 
(iv) 
an Original Collateral Restructuring; 
(v) 
an Original Collateral Governmental Intervention; and 
(vi) 
an Original Collateral Conversion. 
An Original Collateral Default Event will occur whether or not the event giving rise to the Original Collateral 
Default Event arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon (a) any applicable 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with 
competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described, or (b) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described.

--- Page 98 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
98 
“Original Collateral Default Suspension Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(n) 
(Suspension of Payments and Calculations). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event” means, for a Series, any Original Collateral Reference Rate is 
adjusted or replaced following the occurrence of an event in respect of such Original Collateral Reference 
Rate, whether in accordance with the terms of the Original Collateral or otherwise, the definition or 
description of which event either: 
(i) 
includes a reference to concepts defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation event”, an 
“administrator/benchmark event” or a “representative statement event” (in each case regardless of 
the contents of that definition or description); or 
(ii) 
is analogous or substantially similar to the definitions of “Reference Rate Cessation”, 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Risk-Free Rate Event”, “Representative Statement Event” 
and/or “Material Change Event”. 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(B). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(B). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to 
it in Condition 9(i)(ii)(C). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains” means an amount, determined by the Calculation 
Agent, equal to (without duplication): 
(i) 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms of 
the Original Collateral following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event and 
the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms of 
the Original Collateral on the Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date; minus 
(ii) 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the terms of any 
transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement following the occurrence of an Original Collateral 
Disruption Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the terms of such 
hedge transactions on the date immediately preceding the date on which the Original 
Collateral Disruption Event occurred; minus 
(iii) 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap Counterparty 
as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions to hedge the Swap 
Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement to remove any 
difference between the cash flows under the Original Collateral and such hedge transactions which 
have resulted following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(A).

--- Page 99 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
99 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(C). 
“Original Collateral Failure to Pay” means, for a Series, in respect of any Original Collateral for that 
Series, the failure by the relevant Original Collateral Obligor to make, when and where due, any payments 
under such Original Collateral in accordance with the terms of such Original Collateral in effect as of the 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date, but disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral 
or adjustments to any scheduled payments and any notice or grace period in respect thereof and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, a payment made in accordance with the application of any fallback following the 
occurrence of a disruption event in respect of an interest rate, index, benchmark or price source shall not 
constitute such a failure. 
“Original Collateral Governmental Intervention” means, for a Series, in respect of the Original 
Collateral, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement 
made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Original Collateral Obligor 
for that Series in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Original Collateral: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (y) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral, causing the 
subordination of such Original Collateral to any Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of such 
Original Collateral; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii). 
“Original Collateral Non-Call Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a) (Final Redemption). 
“Original Collateral Obligor” means, for a Series, any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer 
(or any relevant person holding the Original Collateral for such Series for or on behalf of the Issuer) in 
respect of the Original Collateral for that Series pursuant to the terms of such Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which 
may include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Original Collateral Obligor irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee 
of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant 
governing law). 
“Original Collateral Obligor Obligation” means, in respect of an Original Collateral Obligor Obligation” 
means, in respect of an Original Collateral Obligor, any Identical Collateral or any other obligation of such 
Original Collateral Obligor, either directly or as provider of an Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee, 
(excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid

--- Page 100 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
100 
drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to 
letters of credit).  
“Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Original Collateral Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price 
source by reference to which any amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined. 
“Original Collateral Repudiation/Moratorium” means, for a Series, the Original Collateral Obligor or a 
Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, the 
Original Collateral for that Series; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with 
respect to the Original Collateral for that Series. 
“Original Collateral Restructuring” means, for a Series, any one or more of the following events occurs 
with respect to the Original Collateral in a form that (x) binds all holders of such Original Collateral, (y) is 
agreed between the Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of 
holders of such Original Collateral to bind all holders of the Original Collateral or (z) is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by an Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all 
holders of such Original Collateral (including, in each case, in respect of Original Collateral in the form of, 
or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to term loan agreements, revolving 
loan agreements or other similar credit agreements), certificated debt security or other debt security, by 
way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Original 
Collateral in effect as of the Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either: 
(A) 
the payment or accrual of interest; or 
(B) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral, causing the subordination 
of such Original Collateral to any Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium; or 
Notwithstanding the above, none of the following shall constitute an Original Collateral Restructuring: 
(A) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to the Original Collateral 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(B) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (X) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (Y) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at

--- Page 101 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
101 
the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market 
rate of conversion; 
(C) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or 
tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; 
and 
(D) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly 
result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Original 
Collateral Obligor, provided that in respect of paragraph (v) only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Original Collateral Obligor is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by 
a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Original 
Collateral immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
For the purposes of this definition, the term Original Collateral Obligor Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Original Collateral Obligor is acting as provider of an Original 
Collateral Obligor Guarantee. In the case of an Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Original Collateral Obligor in paragraphs (i) to (v) above shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Original Collateral Obligor in paragraph (D) above 
shall continue to refer to the Original Collateral Obligor. 
“Original Collateral Substitution Criteria” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the New Original Collateral being denominated in the same currency as the Original Collateral; 
(ii) 
the New Original Collateral having a rating from one or more rating agencies, at least equal to the 
then current rating(s) (if any) given by any such rating agency to the Original Collateral (and, in the 
case of Notes rated by Fitch, such rating must be by Fitch); 
(iii) 
either (A) the Swap Counterparty having each certified to the Issuer that it will not suffer a cost or 
loss or a reduction in the mark-to-market value of the Swap Agreement as a result of such 
substitution or (B) arrangements having been made which are reasonably satisfactory to the Swap 
Counterparty to compensate it for any cost or loss or reduction in mark-to-market value of the Swap 
Agreement which it certifies to the Issuer that it will incur in connection with such substitution (and, 
in determining any such cost or loss or reduction in mark-to-market value of the Swap Agreement, 
the Swap Counterparty will act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
(iv) 
the New Original Collateral meeting the Swap Counterparty’s general credit and trading policies as 
of the relevant time; 
(v) 
no event having occurred with respect to the New Original Collateral which could lead to any 
redemption in whole or in part of the Notes; 
(vi) 
the New Original Collateral having a scheduled maturity date falling on or about but no later than 
the Maturity Date;

--- Page 102 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
102 
(vii) 
the New Original Collateral having an outstanding principal amount equal to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Original Collateral; and 
(viii) 
if the Issuer is a “nonparticipating foreign financial institution” (as such term is used under section 
1471 of the Code or in any regulations or guidance thereunder), the New Original Collateral being 
assets payments on which would not be subject to FATCA Withholding if paid before the maturity 
of the Notes (in the determination of the Swap Counterparty). 
“Original Collateral Substitution Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i) (Substitution of 
Original Collateral). 
“Original Collateral Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(i) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons). 
“outstanding” means, in relation to a Series, all the Notes of that Series issued except: 
(i) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions; 
(ii) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest 
payable after such date) have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent for 
such Series as provided in the Trust Deed for that Series and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Notes, Registered Certificates, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case 
may be; 
(iii) 
those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; 
(iv) 
those that have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions; 
(v) 
those mutilated or defaced Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Bearer Notes; 
(vi) 
(for the purpose only of determining how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their 
status for any other purpose) those Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and 
in respect of which replacement Notes have been issued; and  
(vii) 
any Temporary Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for a Permanent Global 
Note and any Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Bearer Notes, in either case pursuant to its provisions, 
provided that for the purposes of: 
(A) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Noteholders; 
(B) 
the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 5 (Security), 
8 (Redemption and Purchase), 11 (Agents), 14 (Enforcement of Security), 15 (Application of 
Available Proceeds) and 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution), 
Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to the Trust Deed and the definition of 
“Successor”; and 
(C) 
the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, 
to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Noteholders,  
those Notes that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer 
so held) be deemed not to be outstanding.  
“Paying Agent(s)” means, for a Series, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the person(s) entering into the 
Agency Agreement for that Series as Paying Agent or, in each case, any Successor thereto, in each case 
at their respective Specified Offices.

--- Page 103 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
103 
“Payment Currency” has the meaning given to it in Condition 15(e) (Foreign Exchange Conversion). 
“Permanent Global Note” means a Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or more Tranches of 
the same Series, either on issue or upon exchange of a Temporary Global Note, or part of it, and which 
shall be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of Notes specified by the Programme Deed. 
“PGN Exchange Date” means a day (i) falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and (ii) on which banks are open for business in the city in which the Specified Office of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
“Potential Event of Default”: 
(i) 
as used in the Swap Agreement for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Section 14 (Definitions) 
of the ISDA Master Agreement; and 
(ii) 
in all other circumstances for a Series, means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving 
of notice, lapse of time and/or fulfilment of any other requirement, become an Event of Default in 
respect of such Series. 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding such Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the first of 
the interest rates, indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as a “Pre-nominated Replacement 
Reference Rate” in the applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
“principal” shall, in respect of any Series, be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Notes of that Series, all Instalment Amounts of that Series, the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes of 
that Series, any Early Redemption Amount of the Notes of that Series and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable in respect of that Series pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
“Priority Fallback” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference 
Rates). 
“Programme” means the Issuer’s Secured Note Programme. 
“Programme Deed” means the programme deed entered into by the Issuer and the other parties on 5 
June 2024 in respect of the Programme. In respect of any Tranche of Notes, references to the Programme 
Deed or to Master Terms Documents identified in the Programme Deed shall be to the Programme Deed 
or to the Master Terms Documents identified in the Programme Deed as of the date of the Issue Document 
relating to the first Tranche of Notes of that Series (save for where explicitly provided otherwise in the 
applicable Issue Document). 
“Published Average Rate” means: 
(i) 
if the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, any of the following Floating Rate Options: USD-SOFR Average 
30D, USD-SOFR Average 90D, USD-SOFR Average 180D, EUR-EuroSTR Average 1W, EUR-
EuroSTR Average 1M, EUR-EuroSTR Average 3M, EUR-EuroSTR Average 6M, EUR-EuroSTR 
Average 12M, JPY-TONA Average 30D, JPY-TONA Average 90D or JPY-TONA Average 180D; or 
(ii) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, a Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
for which “Style: Published Average Rate” is specified in the Floating Rate Matrix Publication 
Version of the Floating Rate Matrix. 
“R&I” means Rating and Investment Information, Inc.

--- Page 104 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
104 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Note and that is 
either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Rated Entity” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d) (Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing 
and Paying Agent upon Failure to Satisfy Required Ratings). 
“Rating Agency” means, for a Series, each rating agency that rates the Notes of that Series at the request 
of the Issuer and that has not withdrawn or discontinued its rating. Each initial Rating Agency (if any) shall 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for Notes of that Series. 
“Rating Agency Affirmation” means, with respect to any action (if any) relating to Notes of a Series that 
is specified to be subject to Rating Agency Affirmation in the Conditions or any Transaction Document for 
such Notes, receipt by the Issuer and the Trustee of written confirmation from each relevant Rating Agency 
(if any) that the then current rating of such Notes will not be adversely affected or withdrawn as a result of 
such action being undertaken, provided that it is the then current policy of such Rating Agency to either 
affirm or disaffirm the relevant type of action prior to such action being taken. For the avoidance of doubt, 
if it is not the then current policy of such Rating Agency to either affirm or disaffirm the relevant type of 
action prior to such action being taken (as determined by the Rating Agency and notified to the Issuer, who 
shall forward such notice to the Trustee or, if the Rating Agency does not provide a notice, the Issuer shall 
deliver a certificate to the Trustee, certifying that the Rating Agency has confirmed to the Issuer that it is 
not the then current policy of such Rating Agency to either affirm or disaffirm the relevant type of action 
prior to such action being taken, in a form that is satisfactory to the Trustee), no Rating Agency Affirmation 
from such Rating Agency shall be required with respect to any such action that is specified to be subject 
to Rating Agency Affirmation in the Conditions or any Transaction Document. 
“Receipts” means the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal in respect of Bearer Notes of 
which the principal is repayable in instalments or, as the context may require, a specific number of them, 
and includes any replacement Receipts issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c) (Registered Notes). 
“Redemption/Payment Basis”, for a Series, is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Business Day” means a day:  
(i) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of 
the places specified for that purpose in the applicable Issue Terms under “Reference Business Day”; 
and  
(ii) 
if “TARGET” or “TARGET Business Day” is specified under “Reference Business Day” in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
“Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference 
to which any amount payable under the Notes of that Series is determined. To the extent that any interest 
rate, index, benchmark or price source referred to in a Replacement Reference Rate applies in respect of 
a Series, it shall be a “Reference Rate” for that Series from the day on which it first applies. 
“Reference Rate Cessation” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate;

--- Page 105 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
105 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is actually 
defined or described in the definition of the Reference Rate) in relation to which a Priority Fallback 
is specified.  
“Reference Rate Default Event”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(j) (Redemption 
Following Reference Rate Event). 
“Reference Rate Event” means, for a Series, that one or more of the following has occurred (including 
where any such event or circumstance has occurred prior to the Issue Date): 
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation;  
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
(iii) 
a Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may be in the form of a 
protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the “Risk-Free 
Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to 
comply with the recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major 
Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014 (a “Risk-Free Rate Event”); or 
(iv) 
in respect of a Reference Rate, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that (a) the regulatory 
supervisor has determined that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference 
Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being 
made in the awareness that the statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for 
fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in 
contracts (a “Representative Statement Event” and the date on which the Reference Rate is non-
representative being the “Representative Statement Event Date”); or  
(v) 
if “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference Rate, 
has materially changed or as of a specified future date will materially change (a “Material Change 
Event” and the date on which the material change is effective being the “Material Change Event 
Date”). 
“Reference Rate Event Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c)(i).  
“Reference Rate Trade Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Register” means, for a Series, the register maintained by the Registrar for that Series. 
“Registered Certificate” means a registered certificate substantially in the form (save in the case of a 
Global Registered Certificate) set out as a “Registered Certificate” in the Master Forms of Notes, and

--- Page 106 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
106 
representing one or more Registered Notes of the same Series and, save as provided in the Conditions 
for that Series, comprising the entire holding by a Noteholder of his Registered Notes of that Series. 
“Registered Note” means a Note in registered form. 
“Registrar” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(c) 
(Regulatory Requirement Amendments). 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 21(c) (Regulatory Requirement Amendments). 
“Regulatory Requirement Event” means, for a Series, that, as a result of a Relevant Regulatory Law: 
(i) 
any of the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction Documents are not, or 
will cease to be, compliant with one or more Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, compliant with one or more 
Relevant Regulatory Laws; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, able to continue to transact future 
business (as issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in 
compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
“Relevant Accountholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(vi)(B) (Substitution of Original 
Collateral). 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon of a Series, the date on which payment 
in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders of Notes of that Series that, upon further 
presentation of the Note (or relevant Registered Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank 
or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof.  
“Relevant Payment Date” means, for a Series, the day which falls 15 Reference Business Days after the 
Maturity Date of that Series. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and the U.S. Federal Reserve 
Act of 1913 (or similar legislation in other jurisdictions) and the implementation or adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical

--- Page 107 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
107 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto;  
(ii) 
Regulation 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC 
Derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories and the implementation or adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iii) 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) and 
the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and 
any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and the 
implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any 
formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(v) 
Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, 
regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory 
technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect 
thereto; 
(vi) 
the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, regulation, rule, guideline, 
standard or guidance after the Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date, and with applicable law, 
regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance for this purpose meaning any similar, related or 
analogous law, regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance to those in paragraphs (i) to (v) 
above or any law or regulation that imposes a financial transaction tax or other similar tax;  
(vii) 
any arrangements or understandings that any Transaction Party or any of its Affiliates may have 
made or entered into with any regulatory agency with respect to its or any of their legal entity 
structure or location with regard to (A) any of paragraphs (i) to (vi) above or (B) the United Kingdom’s 
departure from the EU; or 
(viii) 
any change in any of the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines, standards or guidance referred to in 
paragraphs (i) to (vi) above as a result of the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after the Relevant 
Regulatory Law Reference Date or as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or 
response of, any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction or any official or 
representative of any such court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official capacity with 
respect thereto, 
where, paragraphs (ii) to (v) above shall in each case also include any similar concept under comparable 
legislation in the United Kingdom, including as they form part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b)(i) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Enforcement of Security), as applicable.

--- Page 108 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
108 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement Reference Rate must be: 
(i) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
if there is no Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, benchmark or 
other price source (which may be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (A) any 
Relevant Nominating Body or (B) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate (provided that 
such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source is substantially the same as the 
Reference Rate) to replace the Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a 
member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise 
by ISDA) (an “Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”). 
If the Replacement Reference Rate is an Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate, the Calculation 
Agent shall specify a date on which the interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source was 
recognised or acknowledged as being the relevant industry standard replacement (which may be before 
such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source commences). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 
9(c)(ii) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(c)(iii)(B) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(c)(ii)(C) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c)(iii)(A) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event). 
“Representative Statement Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance 
which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Representative Statement Event also constitutes a 
Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate Cessation and a Representative Statement Event 
would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation 
and will not constitute or give rise to a Representative Statement Event provided that, if the date that would 
otherwise have been the Representative Statement Event Date would have occurred before the Reference 
Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply 
as if a Representative Statement Event had occurred. 
“Representative Statement Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it 
in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Required Ratings” means a short-term issuer credit rating of A-1+ or A-1 by S&P and a short-term issuer 
credit rating of P-1 by Moody’s. 
“Residual Amount” means, for a Series and with respect to an application of Available Proceeds in 
connection with a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event of a Series, as applicable, all remaining 
proceeds (if any) after the application of the Available Proceeds to satisfy the payments set out in 
Conditions 15(a)(i) to 15(a)(viii) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b)(i) to 15(b)(viii) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable. 
“Resolved” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.

--- Page 109 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
109 
“Risk-Free Rate Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the definition 
of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate 
Cessation and a Risk-Free Rate Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either 
case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event 
provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Risk-Free Rate Event Date would have 
occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, Condition 9(e) 
(Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Risk-Free Rate Event had occurred. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
“Secured Creditor” means, for a Series, each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Payment 
Obligations of that Series. 
“Secured Payment Obligations” means, for a Series, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, and each Note, Coupon, Receipt and Talon for that Series, together 
with any obligation of the Issuer to make payment to the Disposal Agent, any other Agent, the Custodian 
pursuant to Conditions 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as the case may be, in each case as such payment 
obligation may be amended, varied, supplemented, modified, suspended, replaced, assigned or novated 
from time to time. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. 
“Security” for a Series means the security constituted by the Trust Deed and any other Security 
Documents (as the case may be) of that Series. 
“Security Document” means, for a Series, (i) the Trust Deed and (ii) an additional security document in 
respect of the Notes of that Series which creates or purports to create security in favour of the Trustee for 
the benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors of that Series (if applicable).  
“Series” means a series of Notes comprising one or more Tranches, whether or not issued on the same 
date, which (except in respect of the first payment of interest and their issue price) have identical terms on 
issue and are expressed to have the same series number. 
“special quorum resolution” has the meaning given to it in paragraph 2 (Powers of Meetings) of Schedule 
1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to the Trust Deed. 
“Specified Currency” means, for a Series, the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Currency Equivalent” means, with respect to an amount on the Early Valuation Date, in the 
case of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency, such Specified Currency amount and, in the 
case of an amount denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency (the “Other Currency”), 
the amount of Specified Currency required to purchase such amount of the Other Currency at a rate 
determined by the Disposal Agent for the Series to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates 
prevailing for sale of the Other Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency. 
“Specified Denomination” means, in respect of a Note, the amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 110 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
110 
“Specified Office” means, in relation to an Agent or the Custodian, the office identified with its name in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Standard Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant ISDA Rate, one of which will be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the affected Interest Period and the other 
of which will be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of such Interest Period. For the purposes of this definition, 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the applicable ISDA Definitions. 
“Successor” means, for a Series and in relation to an Agent or the Custodian for such Series, such other 
or further person as may, from time to time, be appointed by the Issuer as such Agent or Custodian with 
the written approval of the Trustee of such Series. 
“Swap Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments). 
“Swap Amendments Certificate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments). 
“Swap Agreement” means, for a Series, an agreement comprising the ISDA Master Agreement with 
respect to the Swap Counterparty for that Series together with all Swap Transactions entered into between 
the Issuer and that Swap Counterparty in respect of that Series. 
“Swap Agreement Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for a Series, that 
an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty or a Termination Event (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred where the Issuer 
has the right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under 
that Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Counterparty” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series (i) a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect 
to the Swap Counterparty for that Series and (ii) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has occurred in respect of the Swap Counterparty, or any 
analogous determination has been made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any 
amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral” means, for a Series, any securities, cash or other assets 
or property transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex that 
are Eligible Credit Support (VM) comprising the Credit Support Balance (VM) of the Swap Counterparty 
(as such terms are defined in the Swap Agreement). 
“Swap Termination Event” means, for a Series, that an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions relating to such Series has been designated or deemed to have been 
designated by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty for that Series, as applicable, under the Swap 
Agreement for that Series for any reason other than as a result of the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Trigger Date in respect of that Series pursuant to Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral 
Default Event), 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call), 
8(g) (Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(h) (Redemption Following an Illegality 
Event), 8(i) (Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption Event), 8(j) (Redemption Following 
Reference Rate Event), 8(k) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), 8(l) 
(Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option), or 8(m) (Redemption Following 
the Occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Swap Transaction” means, for a Series, a derivative transaction entered into between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty pursuant to the ISDA Master Agreement in relation to that Series.

--- Page 111 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
111 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system.  
“Talon” means a talon for one or more further Coupons and includes any replacement Talon issued 
pursuant to the Conditions. 
“TARGET Business Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
“Temporary Global Note” means a Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or more Tranches of 
the same Series on issue and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of Notes. 
“Termination Payment” means, for a Series, in respect of the Swap Agreement for that Series, any Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) due under such Swap Agreement; 
“TGN Exchange Date” means the first day following the expiry of 40 days after the Issue Date. 
“Tranche” means, in relation to a Series, those Notes of that Series that are issued on the same date at 
the same issue price and in respect of which the first payment of interest is identical. 
“Transaction Document” means, for a Series, each of the Security Document(s), the Agency Agreement, 
the Collateral Sale Provisions, the Custody Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, and the Swap Agreement 
for that Series, as applicable, together with the Issue Document (as applicable) for each Tranche of that 
Series, the Programme Deed and any other agreement specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Transaction Party” means, for a Series, each party to a Transaction Document of that Series other than 
the Issuer and any other person specified as a Transaction Party in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Transfer Agent(s)” means, for a Series, the Registrar and the person(s) entering into the Agency 
Agreement for that Series as Transfer Agent or, in each case, any Successor thereto, in each case at their 
respective Specified Offices. 
“Transferee” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“Transferor” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“Trust Deed” means, for a Series the trust deed for that Series created by entry into of the Issue Document 
for the first Tranche of that Series, on the terms of the Master Trust Terms as amended by such Issue 
Document. 
“Trustee” means, for a Series, the person specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
replacement Trustee appointed by the Issuer for such Series. 
“Trustee Application Date” means, for a Series, each date on which the Trustee for that Series 
determines to apply the Available Proceeds of such Series in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions and the Trust Deed of such Series. 
“Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder, (i) the 
Instructing Noteholder Proportion in respect of that Instructing Noteholder multiplied by the total principal 
amount of the Original Collateral as at the date of the Original Collateral Substitution Notice minus (ii) the 
principal amount of the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount in respect of that Instructing Noteholder. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a bond, 
the borrower in the case of a loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
“Unscheduled Holiday” means, in respect of any day, that such day is not a Reference Business Day and 
the market was not aware of such fact by means of a public announcement until after 09:00 a.m. in the 
relevant financial centre for the purpose of such Reference Business Day, on the day that is two Reference

--- Page 112 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
112 
Business Days (not including days that would have been Reference Business Days but for that 
announcement) prior to that day. 
“U.S.” and “United States” means the United States of America. 
“Variable-linked Interest Rate Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be “Variable-linked Interest Rate Note”. 
“Vendor” means, for a Series, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft or such other person specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Zero Coupon Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be “Zero Coupon”. 
2 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are issued in bearer form or in registered form, in each case, in the Specified 
Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form, in 
which case references to interest (other than in relation to Default Interest), Coupons and Talons in 
the Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes in definitive bearer form are issued with one or 
more Receipts attached. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes not in definitive form will be initially issued in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates and each Registered Certificate shall 
represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
In respect of each Tranche of Notes in global form, the relevant Global Note or Global Registered 
Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date to a Common Depositary. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relevant Global Registered Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Notes that are initially deposited with a Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) other clearing systems through direct 
or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with (if indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to Definitive Bearer Notes and Receipts, Coupons and Talons thereto and Global Notes shall 
pass by delivery.  
Title to Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the Register that the Issuer shall procure will 
be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 113 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
113 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon and the registered holder of any Registered Note 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it 
is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or 
on the Registered Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Registered 
Certificate), and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a Note represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Certificate must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as 
the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global 
Registered Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note or Global Registered Certificate, and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.  
(c) 
Denomination 
All Registered Notes of a Series shall have the same Specified Denomination. For such purpose, if 
the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises a minimum 
Specified Denomination and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in excess thereof then, in 
the context of Registered Notes only, the Specified Denomination for such Registered Notes shall 
be deemed to be the Calculation Amount and the minimum Specified Denomination shall represent 
the minimum aggregate holding required of a Noteholder. Transfers that would result in the 
transferee or transferor holding less than such minimum aggregate holding shall not be permitted. 
(d) 
Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes, Zero 
Coupon Notes or Instalment Notes, a combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, 
depending upon the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
3 
Exchanges of Notes and Transfers of Notes 
(a) 
Prohibited Exchanges of Notes 
Registered Notes are not exchangeable for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Exchange of Temporary Global Note for Permanent Global Note or Definitive Bearer 
Notes 
On or after the TGN Exchange Date, a Temporary Global Note may be exchanged (free of charge 
to the holder) in whole or (in the case of a D Rules Note only) from time to time in part by its 
presentation and, on exchange in full, surrender to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note or (ii) if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, for 
Definitive Bearer Notes, in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate 
principal amount of such Temporary Global Note, provided that, in the case of any D Rules Note (or 
any part thereof) submitted for exchange for a Permanent Global Note or Definitive Bearer Notes,

--- Page 114 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
114 
there shall have been Certification with respect to such principal amount submitted for such 
exchange dated no earlier than the TGN Exchange Date. 
On any exchange of a part of a Temporary Global Note for an equivalent interest in a Permanent 
Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes, as the case may be, the portion of the principal amount 
of such Temporary Global Note so exchanged shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent in the first schedule thereto, whereupon the principal amount thereof shall be reduced 
for all purposes by the amount so exchanged and endorsed. 
(c) 
Exchange of Permanent Global Note for Definitive Bearer Notes 
If a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
does in fact do so, on or after the PGN Exchange Date, such Permanent Global Note may be 
exchanged (free of charge to the holder) in whole but not in part for Definitive Bearer Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
submitted for exchange. Any such exchange may be effected by the holder of the Permanent Global 
Note presenting and surrendering such Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent. 
(d) 
Definitive Bearer Notes 
The Definitive Bearer Notes for which a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note may 
be exchanged shall: 
(i) 
be duly executed and authenticated; 
(ii) 
have attached to them all Coupons (and, where appropriate, Talons) in respect of interest 
and all Receipts in respect of Instalment Amounts, in each case that have not already been 
paid on such Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
be security printed; and 
(iv) 
be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of Notes as (i) completed or (ii) 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the applicable Issue Terms, as applicable. 
If a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes, such Definitive Bearer Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such 
holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal 
to one or more Specified Denominations. 
(e) 
Transfers of Global Notes 
Beneficial interests in Notes represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
One or more Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Registered Certificate representing such 
Definitive Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Registered Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the 
same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly

--- Page 115 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
115 
completed and executed, and any such other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require.  
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Definitive Registered Notes represented by one 
Registered Certificate, a new Registered Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of 
the part transferred and a further new Registered Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding 
not transferred shall be issued to the transferor.  
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be subject to and effected in 
accordance with the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Registered Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval 
of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the 
Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
Beneficial interests in Notes represented by a Global Registered Certificate will be transferable only 
in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfers of part only of the holding of Notes represented by a Global Registered Certificate may 
only be made: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by such Global Registered Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (i) above, 
the holder of the Notes represented by such Global Registered Certificate has given the Registrar 
at least 30 days’ notice at its Specified Office of such holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Where 
the holding of Notes represented by the Global Registered Certificate is only transferable in its 
entirety, the Registered Certificate issued to the transferee upon transfer of such holding shall be a 
Global Registered Certificate. Where transfers are permitted in part, Registered Certificates issued 
to transferees shall not be Global Registered Certificates unless the transferee so requests and 
certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
(g) 
Delivery of New Registered Certificates 
Each new Registered Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered 
Notes) shall be available for delivery within three business days of the surrender of the relevant 
Registered Certificate together with the relevant form of transfer and relevant evidence required by 
the Registrar or Transfer Agent. Delivery of the new Registered Certificate(s) shall be made at the 
Specified Office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer or Registered Certificate shall have been made or, at the option 
of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form 
of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the new Registered Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar the costs of such 
other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 3(g), “business 
day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the 
place of the Specified Office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).

--- Page 116 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
116 
(h) 
Transfers Free of Charge 
Transfers of Registered Notes pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) and 
delivery of Registered Certificates pursuant to Condition 3(g) (Delivery of New Registered 
Certificates) shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed 
in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may 
require). 
(i) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered: (i) during the period 
of 15 days ending on the Maturity Date, or the due date for payment of any Instalment Amount, in 
respect of that Note, (ii) after the occurrence of any Early Redemption Trigger Date and/or any 
Liquidation Event in relation to such Note or (iii) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date. 
4 
Constitution, Status, Collateral and Non-applicability 
(a) 
Constitution and Status of Notes 
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed. The Notes are secured, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves, which are secured in the manner described in Condition 5 (Security) and recourse in 
respect of which is limited in the manner described in Conditions 14 (Enforcement of Security), 15 
(Application of Available Proceeds) and 17(a) (General Limited Recourse). 
(b) 
Collateral 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may acquire rights, title and/or interests in and 
to the Collateral. The Original Collateral shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In 
addition or in the alternative to its acquisition of rights, title and/or interests in and to the Original 
Collateral, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement with respect to the Notes as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Non-applicability 
Where no reference is made in the applicable Issue Terms to any Original Collateral, references in 
the Conditions to any Original Collateral, to any Secured Payment Obligation relating to such 
Original Collateral and to any related Original Collateral Obligor or Secured Creditor relating to such 
Collateral, as the case may be, shall not be applicable. Where no reference is made in the applicable 
Issue Terms to any Swap Agreement, Swap Counterparty, references in the Conditions thereto shall 
not be applicable. Where no reference is made in the relevant Issue Terms to any Rating Agency 
rating the Notes at the request of the Issuer, references in the Conditions to any Rating Agency or 
Rating Agency Affirmation shall not be applicable. 
(d) 
Rating Agency Affirmation 
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume, without further investigation or enquiry, for the purpose of 
exercising or performing any right, power, trust, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to 
the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (including, without limitation, any consent, 
approval, modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), that such exercise will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders if it receives a Rating Agency Affirmation in 
respect thereof or each Rating Agency then rating the outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer 
has publicly announced that the then current rating by it of the outstanding Notes (if any) would not

--- Page 117 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
117 
be adversely affected or withdrawn in connection therewith. For such purpose, the public 
announcement by the relevant Rating Agency need not refer to the Notes specifically but may 
instead refer generally to securities possessing certain characteristics. 
5 
Security 
(a) 
Security 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Document, pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Secured 
Payment Obligations are secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other 
Secured Creditors by: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge over the Collateral and all property, assets and sums derived therefrom; 
(ii) 
an assignment by way of security of all the rights, title and interest of the Issuer attaching or 
relating to the Collateral and all property, sums and assets derived therefrom, including, 
without limitation, any right to delivery thereof or to an equivalent number or principal value 
thereof which arises in connection with any such assets being held in a clearing system or 
through a financial intermediary; 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Swap Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and 
sums derived from the Swap Agreement and any such guarantee, without prejudice to, and 
after giving effect to, any contractual netting provision contained in the Swap Agreement; 
(iv) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Agency Agreement, any other agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Disposal 
Agent and the Custody Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all 
property, assets and sums derived from such agreements; 
(v) 
a first fixed charge over (A) all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Custodian 
to meet payments due in respect of any Secured Payment Obligation, and (B) any sums 
received by the Custodian under the Swap Agreement; and 
(vi) 
a first fixed charge over all property, sums and assets held or received by the Disposal Agent 
relating to the Transaction Documents and the Collateral. 
Certain of the assets being the subject of the Security created pursuant to the Trust Deed shall be 
released automatically, without any consent of or action by the Trustee or the need for any notice 
or other formalities and without recourse, representation or warranty (A) to the extent required for 
the Issuer to be able to duly make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes of a Series and/or 
under the Swap Agreement in respect of that Series and/or the other Transaction Documents which 
is due and payable or deliverable, (B) in connection with the purchase of Notes or (C) as otherwise 
provided for under the Conditions or the relevant Transaction Documents in respect of a Series. 
(b) 
Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of Collateral 
Prior to the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap 
Counterparty and the Disposal Agent appointed at that time, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining 
the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution or the prior written consent of the Trustee: 
(i) 
take such action in relation to the Collateral as it may think expedient; and 
(ii) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Collateral and, in particular (but without 
limitation and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting rights in respect of such 
property and all rights to enforce any ownership interests in respect of such property.

--- Page 118 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
118 
The Issuer will not exercise any rights with respect to any Collateral unless it has obtained the 
sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution or the consent of the Trustee referred to above and, if such 
sanction or consent is given, the Issuer will act only in accordance with such sanction or consent. 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) nothing in this Condition 5(b) shall operate to release the Security 
over the Mortgaged Property and (B) no such sanction or consent is required in connection with any 
assets which are released from the Security automatically. 
(c) 
Substitution of Original Collateral 
(i) 
If, for a Series, “Substitution of Original Collateral” is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (the Noteholders 
who voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution, the “Instructing Noteholders”) may 
deliver a notice in writing (an “Original Collateral Substitution Notice”) requesting that the 
Original Collateral be substituted (in whole but not in part) with other assets specified in the 
Original Collateral Substitution Notice (such other assets, the “New Original Collateral”), 
which assets shall be delivered to the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer as specified in the 
Original Collateral Substitution Notice, provided that: 
(A) 
only one such request may be made for that Series; 
(B) 
the Original Collateral Substitution Notice must be delivered to the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Trustee and the Custodian at least 15 Reference Business Days 
prior to the proposed date for substitution; 
(C) 
the Custodian must be able to hold the New Original Collateral in the Custody Account 
in accordance with the terms of the Custody Agreement; 
(D) 
all of the Original Collateral Substitution Criteria must be satisfied; 
(E) 
all conditions relating to substitution of Original Collateral specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms must be satisfied; 
(F) 
Rating Agency Affirmation has been received from each Rating Agency (if any) then 
rating the outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer;  
(G) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date has occurred; and 
(H) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Swap Counterparty, the Trustee and the Custodian a 
certificate signed by a Director to the effect that the conditions in paragraphs (A) to 
(G) are satisfied. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such replacement right applies only in respect of the Original 
Collateral for a Series and shall not apply in respect of any New Original Collateral replacing 
the Original Collateral. 
(ii) 
With effect from the date of the delivery of the New Original Collateral in accordance with the 
Original Collateral Substitution Notice from (or procured by) the Instructing Noteholders to 
the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer (unless the applicable Issue Terms specify otherwise), 
the payment obligations of the parties under the Swap Agreement will be adjusted (subject 
to and in accordance with Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments)) so that the payment 
obligations of the Issuer reflect the substitution of the Original Collateral with the New Original 
Collateral and any Credit Support Annex shall be adjusted (subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 21(b) (Swap Amendments)) such that references to the assets constituting the 
Original Collateral shall be replaced by reference to the assets constituting the New Original 
Collateral.

--- Page 119 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
119 
In addition, on the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral where a Credit Support 
Annex is applicable to the Notes, an aggregate amount of the New Original Collateral having 
a Value (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) as close as practicable to the prevailing 
Value (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) of the Original Collateral forming part of the 
Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (and, in any event at least such Value of the Original 
Collateral) shall be transferred to the Swap Counterparty as Eligible Credit Support (VM) (as 
defined in such Credit Support Annex) and, upon such delivery, the Swap Counterparty shall 
transfer to or to the order of the Issuer an amount of the Original Collateral equal to that 
comprised in the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM). 
(iii) 
Subject to the conditions specified in paragraph (i) above having been satisfied and subject 
to the Custodian having confirmed to the Issuer that it has received (A) the New Original 
Collateral from (or procured by) the Instructing Noteholders and (B) the Original Collateral 
previously comprised in the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) pursuant to the Credit 
Support Annex, in each case on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall deliver, assign or 
otherwise transfer the Original Collateral (or cause the same to be delivered, assigned or 
otherwise transferred) to or to the order of the Instructing Noteholders. The Security created 
over the Original Collateral as described in Condition 5(a) (Security) will automatically be 
released with effect from the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral without action on 
the part of the Trustee and without recourse, representation or warranty. 
(iv) 
Where the Original Collateral is to be delivered, assigned or otherwise transferred to the 
Instructing Noteholders, each Instructing Noteholder shall be entitled to receive an Instructing 
Noteholder Proportion. If the principal amount (after rounding) of Original Collateral to be 
delivered to an Instructing Noteholder is not by the terms of the Original Collateral capable 
of being delivered, assigned or otherwise transferred, the principal amount of Original 
Collateral to be delivered to such Instructing Noteholder (an “Affected Instructing 
Noteholder”) shall be the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount. In such circumstances, the 
resultant shortfall below the amount that would have been delivered, assigned or transferred 
had it not been for such rounding shall be satisfied by the payment of a Deliverable Cash 
Amount in accordance with paragraph (v) below. 
(v) 
If the sum of the Deliverable Original Collateral Amounts relating to all Instructing Noteholders 
is less than the total principal amount of the Original Collateral as at the date of the Original 
Collateral Substitution Notice, a principal amount of the Original Collateral equal to such 
aggregate shortfall (the “Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount”) shall be 
Liquidated in accordance with Condition 13 (Liquidation), provided that for such purpose the 
Liquidation Period shall be the period from and including the day on which the Disposal Agent 
is notified that the Issuer has received the Original Collateral Substitution Notice to and 
including the proposed date of substitution. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Disposal 
Agent that such Liquidation is required upon becoming aware that there is an Aggregate 
Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount. Notwithstanding Condition 15 (Application of 
Available Proceeds), the proceeds of such Liquidation shall be applied towards payment to 
each Affected Instructing Noteholder of its Deliverable Cash Amount. 
(vi) 
In order to receive delivery of the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount and 
payment of the relevant Deliverable Cash Amount, each Instructing Noteholder must deposit 
the relevant Note or the Registered Certificate (if any) relating to such Note with any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at its Specified Office and must supply to the Issuer and the Custodian 
such evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held by such Instructing

--- Page 120 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
120 
Noteholder as the Issuer may require. The following shall, without limitation, constitute 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer: 
(A) 
if the Notes are Definitive Bearer Notes, confirmation that all unmatured Coupons 
and/or Receipts (if any) appertaining to such Note(s) have been deposited with the 
relevant Paying Agent (or an indemnity from each Instructing Noteholder in respect of 
any unmatured Coupons and/or Receipts (if any) not so surrendered as the Issuer 
may require); or 
(B) 
if the Notes are in global form held in a clearing system, a certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of 
the Notes standing to the credit of the account of the person entitled to a portion 
thereof (a “Relevant Accountholder”) confirming that such Relevant Accountholder 
has undertaken to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg expressly for the benefit of 
the Issuer that it will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of its Notes (or any of them) 
or any interest therein at any time on or prior to the date of delivery of the Original 
Collateral, 
together with, in either case, confirmation from the Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent 
(as relevant) that the relevant Instructing Noteholder has deposited the relevant Notes (or in 
respect of Registered Notes, the Registered Certificate(s) relating thereto) with it. 
A holder of Notes in definitive form, at the same time as depositing such Notes (or in respect 
of Registered Notes, the Registered Certificate(s) relating thereto) together with all 
unmatured Coupons and/or Receipts (if any) appertaining thereto, with the Paying Agent, 
Registrar or Transfer Agent (as relevant), shall specify to the Paying Agent, Registrar or 
Transfer Agent (as relevant) its instructions concerning the delivery, assignment or other form 
of transfer to it, or any nominee for it, of the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount 
and the payment of the Deliverable Cash Amount (if any) to which it is entitled and the Paying 
Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent (as relevant) shall forthwith notify the Issuer, the 
Custodian and the Swap Counterparty of such instructions. 
If the Notes are in global form and held in a clearing system, each Relevant Accountholder 
shall notify the Issuer, the Custodian and the Swap Counterparty of its instructions 
concerning the delivery, assignment or other form of transfer to it, or any nominee for it, of 
the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount and the payment of the Deliverable Cash 
Amount (if any) to which it is entitled, which instructions must be submitted to the Issuer, the 
Custodian and the Swap Counterparty together with the certificate or other document to be 
provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in accordance with 
the preceding paragraphs of this paragraph (vi). 
(vii) 
On receipt of such evidence by the Issuer and the Custodian and subject to each of the 
foregoing, the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral and to all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives, the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount shall be delivered, 
assigned or transferred to an account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
accordance with the instructions given by the Instructing Noteholders. Any stamp duty or 
other tax payable in respect of the transfer of such Original Collateral shall be the 
responsibility of, and payable by, the relevant transferee. If an Aggregate Undeliverable 
Original Collateral Amount exists, the relevant Deliverable Cash Amount(s) shall be paid on 
the date falling two Reference Business Days after receipt of the aggregate proceeds of such 
Liquidation by the Disposal Agent to an account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as may be specified by the Instructing Noteholders.

--- Page 121 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
121 
(viii) 
With respect to a Series for which a substitution has been effected in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c), with effect from the relevant substitution date, (A) references to “Original 
Collateral” shall be read and construed as including the “New Original Collateral” and (B) the 
New Original Collateral will be subject to the Security created pursuant to the Trust Deed in 
favour of the Trustee for the benefit of all Secured Creditors (including all Instructing 
Noteholders and all non-Instructing Noteholders) in respect of such Series. 
(d) 
Disposal Agent’s Right Following Liquidation Event 
Notwithstanding Conditions 5(a) (Security) and 5(b) (Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of 
Collateral), following a Liquidation Commencement Notice having been given to the Disposal Agent 
(copied to each of the other Transaction Parties), the Disposal Agent on behalf of the Issuer (or on 
a principal-to-principal basis with the Issuer, as contemplated in Condition 13(b) (Liquidation 
Process)) shall undertake any action as contemplated by the Conditions and the Agency Agreement 
as it considers appropriate, and any actions in furtherance thereof or ancillary thereto as they relate 
to the relevant Mortgaged Property, without requiring any sanction referred to therein. Pursuant to 
the terms of the Trust Deed, upon a Liquidation Commencement Notice having been given to the 
Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties), the Security described in Condition 
5(a) (Security) will automatically be released without the need for any notice or other formalities or 
any action or consent on the part of the Trustee and without recourse, representation or warranty 
to the extent necessary to effect the Liquidation of the Collateral, provided that nothing in this 
Condition 5(d) will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds of 
the Liquidation of the Collateral or over any Mortgaged Property not subject to such Liquidation. 
(e) 
Credit Support Annex 
If, in respect of a Series, “Credit Support Annex” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Issue 
Terms then the Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Annex under the Swap Agreement relating to 
such Series.  
Pursuant to the Credit Support Annex: 
(i) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Issuer” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall, 
if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to 
time some or all of the Collateral to the Swap Counterparty; 
(ii) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Swap Counterparty shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support 
Annex, transfer from time to time collateral (which satisfies the eligibility requirements in the 
Credit Support Annex) to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Issuer and Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, 
transfer from time to time some or all of the Collateral to the Swap Counterparty and the 
Swap Counterparty shall also, if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support 
Annex, transfer from time to time collateral (which satisfies the eligibility requirements in the 
Credit Support Annex) to the Issuer.  
Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex will be deemed to be 
released by the Trustee from the Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) without recourse, 
representation or warranty immediately prior to the delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on 
behalf of the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty.

--- Page 122 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
122 
6 
Restrictions 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior consent in writing of the Trustee 
or the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, the prior consent of the Swap Counterparty and (in either 
case with respect to paragraph (o)) a Rating Agency Affirmation from each Rating Agency then rating the 
outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer, but subject to the provisions of Condition 13 (Liquidation) 
and except as provided for or contemplated in the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document: 
(a) 
engage in any business other than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the entry into of related 
agreements and transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and the performing of 
acts incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than any fees paid to the Issuer 
(for its own account) in connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any assets 
securing any other Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations); 
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements (A) contain provisions that limit the recourse 
of any holder of, or counterparty to, such Obligations and of any party to any related 
agreement to assets other than those to which any other Obligations (other than Equivalent 
Obligations) have recourse and (B) contain provisions preventing any persons from instituting 
any form of insolvency or similar proceedings with respect to the Issuer or any of its directors; 
and 
(iii) 
the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable laws; 
(b) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Mortgaged Property or any right or interest therein 
or create any mortgage, charge or other security or right of recourse in respect thereof; 
(c) 
cause or permit the priority of the Security created by the Trust Deed to be amended, terminated or 
discharged; 
(d) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(e) 
(i) consent to, cause or permit any amendment or termination of (for the avoidance of doubt, subject 
to Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), 9(i) (Occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event), 12(c) (FATCA Amendments), 21(b) (Swap Amendments) and 21(c) 
(Regulatory Requirement Amendments) and clauses 4.5 (FATCA Amendments), 7.1.31 
(Termination of the Swap Agreement), 14.2 (Appointment or Replacement Amendments), 14.3 
(Swap Amendments), 14.4 (Regulatory Requirement Amendments), 14.6 (Amendments following 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 14.7 (Amendments following occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event) of the Trust Deed) the Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Conditions 
or any other Transaction Document, provided that, where a waiver by the Swap Counterparty would 
constitute an amendment, the Swap Counterparty may waive its rights under the Swap Agreement 
(whether to receipt of payments or otherwise and whether by way of variation or forbearance) and 
no consent of the Trustee shall be required, or (ii) exercise any powers of consent, release or waiver 
pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Conditions or any other 
Transaction Document; 
(f) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person; 
(g) 
have any employees; 
(h) 
issue any shares (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof);

--- Page 123 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
123 
(i) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless (A) such account 
relates to the issuance or entry into of Obligations and such Obligations have the benefit of security 
over the Issuer’s interest in such account or (B) such account is opened in connection with the 
administration and management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are 
credited to it (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes (I) each cash account used solely for the 
purpose of holding amounts that are to be used in paying costs of, or incurred by or on behalf of, 
the Issuer with respect to the Programme generally (and not solely with respect to a particular 
Series), (II) any central expenses account opened in respect of the Dealer (and, where relevant, 
Affiliates thereof) and (III) the account opened to hold the issued and paid-up share capital of the 
Issuer); 
(j) 
declare any distributions or dividends (other than in relation to such shares as are in issue at the 
date hereof); 
(k) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(l) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or enter 
into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of 
such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(m) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(n) 
except as is required in connection with the issuance or entry into of Obligations, advance or lend 
any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the Mortgaged Property, to any other entity 
or person; or 
(o) 
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional documents other than where such 
amendment is required by applicable law. 
7 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable).  
(ii) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either:  
(A) 
Condition 7(b)(iii) (ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions), if “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
determined” in the applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 124 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
124 
(B) 
Condition 7(b)(iv) (ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions), if “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
determined” in the applicable Issue Terms,  
unless the applicable Issue Terms specify a different basis of determination, in which case 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be determined in the manner specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions 
Where “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined” in the applicable Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, subject as provided in Condition 
7(f) (Margin). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the “Floating Rate” that would be determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
an equivalent period under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that:  
(x) 
if such rate is an “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iii)(I) (Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; and  
(y) 
if such rate is an “Index Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iii)(II) (Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options) below 
may also apply; 
(B) 
the “Designated Maturity” (if required) is a period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, provided that there shall be no Designated Maturity if the Floating Rate Option 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate Option; 
(C) 
the relevant “Reset Date” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(D) 
“Average Rate Fixing Day” shall be not applicable, unless the relevant Floating Rate 
Option specified in the applicable Issue Terms is a Published Average Rate in which 
case it shall be as specified in such Issue Terms;  
(E) 
“Delayed Payment” shall be applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(F) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the 2006 ISDA Definitions shall only apply if a 
Designated Maturity is specified and “Linear Interpolation” is specified as “Applicable 
- 2006 ISDA Definitions”, in each case in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) shall not apply if the Floating Rate Option specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate Option. 
For the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate for a Reset Date, if an applicable 
rate has not been published on the relevant screen page (or any successor thereto) and:  
- 
a Reference Rate Event has not occurred, then (1) the Calculation Agent will apply 
the provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions relating to the Floating Rate Option to 
determine the “Floating Rate” and (2) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate pursuant to such provisions, it shall determine the ISDA Rate for such Reset 
Date acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; or

--- Page 125 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
125 
- 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the provisions of Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates) 
shall apply.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iii), unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, all 
capitalised terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate shall have the 
meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
(I) 
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Issue Terms (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to be an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and (B) an Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging 
Method is specified as applicable, then the rate for a Reset Date will be determined 
using the applicable Overnight Floating Rate Option in accordance with such 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method (which shall be one of the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Methods or the Overnight Rate Averaging Methods listed below, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(1) 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Compounding Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
(w) 
“OIS Compounding”; 
(x) 
“Compounding with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms); 
(y) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) Set-
in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(z) 
“Compounding with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms). 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
- 
if a “Daily Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the rate(s) so specified shall apply as such; 
and 
- 
the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(2) 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Averaging Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options

--- Page 126 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
126 
will be elected in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method: 
(w) 
“Overnight Averaging”; 
(x) 
“Averaging with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(y) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(z) 
“Averaging with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms). 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Averaging Method, if a “Daily Capped 
Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the rate(s) so specified shall apply as such. 
(II) 
Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Issue Terms (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to be an Index 
Floating Rate Option and (B) an “Index Method” is specified as applicable, then the 
rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable Index Floating Rate 
Option in accordance with such Index Method, being one of the following methods 
listed below: 
(1) 
“Compounded Index Method”;  
(2) 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose 
(i) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(3) 
“All-In Compounded Index Method” (for which purpose each of “Index 
LevelSTART” and “Index LevelEND” are the levels specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms). 
For the purposes of each Index Method, the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(III) 
References in the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purposes of “ISDA Rate: 2006 
ISDA Definitions”, references in the 2006 ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
numbers, financial centres or other items “specified in the Confirmation” shall 
be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 127 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
127 
(2) 
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in the 
Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to a day that is a Reference 
Business Day; 
(3) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(4) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Issue Terms; 
(5) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(6) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day 
Count Fraction; 
(7) 
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; 
(8) 
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date; and 
(9) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest Period 
End Date.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2006 ISDA Definitions: 
(x) 
any requirement under the 2006 ISDA Definitions for the Calculation Agent 
(under the 2006 ISDA Definitions) (A) to give notice of a determination made 
by it to any other party or (B) to consult with the other party or the parties, will, 
in each case, be ignored. In addition, the right of any party under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions to require the Calculation Agent (under the 2006 ISDA Definitions) 
to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right 
of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no 
Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this or to direct the 
Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(y) 
where the 2006 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the 
relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach 
agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed 
to apply; and 
(z) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other 
day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the 2006 ISDA Definitions is 
less than two Reference Business Days prior to an Interest Payment Date 
(having, for the avoidance of doubt, accounted for the application of any delay 
to such Interest Payment Date where “Delayed Payment” applies), it may 
determine that such Interest Payment Date be delayed to a date falling not 
more than two Reference Business Days after the relevant Fixing Day or other 
day on which such ISDA Rate is determined, provided that Noteholders shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate 
applies pursuant to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction 
thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall not be 
required to:

--- Page 128 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
128 
- 
if it would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA Rate 
in accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such 
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by 
reference to any hedging arrangements for the Notes, Swap Transaction(s), in 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate); and  
- 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions, Swap 
Agreement not otherwise provided for in this Condition 7(b)(iii) (including, 
without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, 
changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining 
rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of 
Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that it determines to be appropriate in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if it decides that the 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if it determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other 
manner as it determines is reasonably necessary). 
(iv) 
ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Where “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined” in the applicable Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, subject as provided in Condition 
7(f) (Margin). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iv), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the “Floating Rate” that would be determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
an equivalent period under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that:  
(x) 
if such rate is an “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iv)(I) (Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; and  
(y) 
if such rate is an “Index Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iv)(II) (Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options) below 
may also apply; 
(B) 
the “Designated Maturity” (if required) is a period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, provided that there shall be no Designated Maturity if the Floating Rate Option 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate Option; 
(C) 
the relevant “Reset Date” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(D) 
the “Fixing Day” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(E) 
the “Fixing Time” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(F) 
“Delayed Payment” shall be applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(G) 
“Successor Benchmark” and “Successor Benchmark Effective Date” will be as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(H) 
Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall only apply if a 
Designated Maturity is specified and “Linear Interpolation” is specified as “Applicable

--- Page 129 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
129 
- 2021 ISDA Definitions”, in each case in the applicable Issue Terms, and for which 
purpose “Non-Representative” will apply if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, provided that Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) shall not apply if the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Issue Terms is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option. 
For the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate for a Reset Date, if an applicable 
rate has not been published on the relevant screen page (or any successor thereto) and:  
- 
a Reference Rate Event has not occurred, then (1) the Calculation Agent will apply 
the provisions of the 2021 ISDA Definitions relating to the Floating Rate Option to 
determine the “Floating Rate” and (2) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate pursuant to such provisions, it shall determine the ISDA Rate for such Reset 
Date acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; or 
- 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the provisions of Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates) 
shall apply.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iv), unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, all 
capitalised terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate shall have the 
meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
(I) 
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Issue Terms (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to be an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and (B) an Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging 
Method is specified as applicable, then the rate for a Reset Date will be determined 
using the applicable Overnight Floating Rate Option in accordance with such 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method (which shall be one of the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Methods or the Overnight Rate Averaging Methods listed below, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(1) 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Compounding Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
(v) 
“OIS Compounding”; 
(w) 
“Compounding with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms); 
(x) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) Set-
in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(y) 
“Compounding with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable

--- Page 130 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
130 
Issue Terms and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(z) 
any other compounding method specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
- 
if a “Daily Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the rate(s) so specified shall apply as such; 
and 
- 
the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(2) 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Averaging Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method: 
(v) 
“Overnight Averaging”; 
(w) 
“Averaging with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(x) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(y) 
“Averaging with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(z) 
any other averaging method specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Averaging Method, if a “Daily Capped 
Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the rate(s) so specified shall apply as such. 
(II) 
Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Issue Terms (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to be an Index 
Floating Rate Option and (B) an Index Method is specified as applicable. then the rate 
for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable Index Floating Rate Option 
in accordance with such Index Method, being one of the following methods listed 
below: 
(1) 
“Standard Index Method”; 
(2) 
“All-In Compounded Index Method”; 
(3) 
“Compounded Index Method”;

--- Page 131 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
131 
(4) 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose 
(i) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(5) 
any other method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that in respect of any Index Floating Rate Option that is specified as the 
Floating Rate Option in the applicable Issue Terms and included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix Publication Version of the Floating Rate Matrix for which “Style: Compounded 
Index” is specified, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Index 
Method will be Compounded Index Method. 
For the purposes of each Index Method, the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(III) 
References in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purposes of “ISDA Rate: 2021 
ISDA Definitions”, references in the 2021 ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
numbers, financial centres or other items “specified in the Confirmation” shall 
be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(2) 
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in the 
Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to a day that is a Reference 
Business Day; 
(3) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(4) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Issue Terms; 
(5) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(6) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day 
Count Fraction; 
(7) 
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; 
(8) 
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date; and 
(9) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest Period 
End Date.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2021 ISDA Definitions: 
(w) 
any requirement under the 2021 ISDA Definitions for the Calculation Agent 
(under the 2021 ISDA Definitions) (A) to give notice of a determination made 
by it to any other party or (B) to consult with the other party or the parties, will, 
in each case, be ignored. In addition, the right of any party under the 2021 ISDA

--- Page 132 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
132 
Definitions to require the Calculation Agent (under the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right 
of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no 
Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this or to direct the 
Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(x) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the 
relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach 
agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed 
to apply; 
(y) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other 
day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the 2021 ISDA Definitions is 
less than two Reference Business Days prior to an Interest Payment Date 
(having, for the avoidance of doubt, accounted for the application of any delay 
to such Interest Payment Date where “Delayed Payment” applies), it may 
determine that such date for payment be delayed to a date falling not more than 
two Reference Business Days after the relevant Fixing Day or other day on 
which such ISDA Rate is determined, provided that Noteholders shall not be 
entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such delay; and 
(z) 
in the event that the Correction Time Period (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Reference Business 
Days prior to an Interest Payment Date, any corrections published after the 
second Reference Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate 
applies pursuant to the 2021 ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction 
thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall not be 
required to:  
- 
if it would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA Rate 
in accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such 
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by 
reference to any hedging arrangements for the Notes and/or Swap 
Transaction(s), in determining the relevant ISDA Rate); and  
- 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions and/or Swap 
Agreement not otherwise provided for in this Condition 7(b)(iv) (including, 
without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, 
changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining 
rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of 
Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that it determines to be appropriate in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if it decides that the 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if it determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other 
manner as it determines is reasonably necessary). 
(v) 
If “Linear Interpolation” is specified as: 
(A) 
“Applicable - Standard” in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Calculation Agent will 
determine, based on Standard Linear Interpolation, the Rate of Interest for any

--- Page 133 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
133 
specified Interest Period (or if no Interest Period is specified, each Interest Period not 
equal to the Designated Maturity (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms)); 
(B) 
“Applicable - 2006 ISDA Definitions” in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions 
of Condition 7(b)(iii)(F) shall apply; or 
(C) 
“Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions” in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions 
of Condition 7(b)(iv)(H) shall apply. 
(vi) 
Where in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(A) 
“ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined”;  
(B) 
either the Modified Following Business Day Convention or the Preceding Business 
Day Convention is specified as applicable with respect to any Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Period End Date or the Maturity Date; 
(C) 
in the case of Interest Payment Dates only, “Interest Payment Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday” is specified as applicable; and  
(D) 
in the case of Interest Period End Dates or the Maturity Date only, “Interest Period 
End Date/Maturity Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday” is specified as 
applicable, 
then, notwithstanding the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of any Interest Payment Date, Interest Period End Date or the Maturity 
Date, if any such date would otherwise have fallen on a day that is not a Reference Business 
Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, such date shall instead fall on the first following 
day that is a Reference Business Day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders will not be entitled to any additional payment of 
default interest for any delayed payment of interest as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday. 
(c) 
Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Variable-linked Interest Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(g) 
(Interest Payable). 
(ii) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes for each Interest Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms and interest will 
accrue in accordance with the applicable Issue Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the 
amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption save that if, upon due 
presentation, payment of the full amount of principal and/or interest due on such due date for 
redemption is improperly withheld or refused, interest will accrue daily on the unpaid amount of 
principal and/or interest (after as well as before judgment and regardless of the Interest Basis) from 
and including the due date for redemption to but excluding the Relevant Date at the rate for each

--- Page 134 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
134 
day in that period equal to the rate for deposits in the currency in which the payment is due to be 
made for a period of one day, as applicable, or if such rate does not appear on the relevant Reuters 
Screen (or any successor screen page thereto), the rate determined by the Calculation Agent or 
such other rate as may be specified for such purposes in the applicable Issue Terms. Such interest 
(the “Default Interest”) shall be compounded daily with respect to the overdue sum at the above 
rate. 
(f) 
Margin 
If any “Margin” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms (either (i) generally or (ii) in relation to one 
or more Interest Periods), then an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(i), or the Rate(s) of Interest for the specified Interest Period(s), in the case of (ii), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable) by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if 
a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin. 
(g) 
Interest Payable 
In respect of Definitive Bearer Notes and Definitive Registered Notes, the interest payable in respect 
of any Note for an Interest Period shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the product of (i) the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount, as determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(g) and (ii) the Calculation Amount Factor of the relevant Note.  
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Period 
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day Count 
Fraction for such Interest Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is 
applicable to such Interest Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save that the Day Count Fraction shall 
be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated and, in respect of Default Interest, 
the Rate of Interest shall be that specified in Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest) or the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of Global Notes and Global Registered Certificates, the 
interest payable in respect of any Note for an Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Global Note or Global 
Registered Certificate (as the case may be). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 7 (Interest), where the Maturity Date is 
extended following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Non-Call Event, the Calculation Agent 
(acting in a commercially reasonable manner) shall as soon as reasonably practicable following 
such Original Collateral Non-Call Event restrike the Rate of Interest for the period beginning on (and 
including) the Maturity Date and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Extension Date. In 
determining the Rate of Interest for such period, the Calculation Agent may, amongst other things, 
refer to current market levels and take into account any necessary adjustments to the terms of the 
Swap Agreement (including, but not limited to, amending the Termination Date (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) of the Swap Transaction(s)), provided that if such restrike would result in a 
negative rate (the related negative amount, if any, the “Extended Interest Shortfall Amount”), then 
(x) the Rate of Interest for such period will be 0.00 per cent. and (y) the Extended Interest Shortfall 
Amount shall be applied in accordance with Condition 8(a) (Final Redemption). 
In all cases the interest payable in respect of any Note for an Interest Period shall be subject to a 
minimum of zero.

--- Page 135 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
135 
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Each Note of a Series shall become due and payable on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption 
Amount or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 8(b) (Redemption by Instalments), its final 
Instalment Amount. 
Where the Maturity Date of the Notes of a Series is scheduled to fall on the Expected Call Date (if 
any) of the Original Collateral, “Automatic Maturity Extension” is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the Original Collateral is not called on its Expected Call Date (an “Original Collateral 
Non-Call Event”), the Maturity Date of the Notes will be extended to the next Expected Call Date 
(if such a date is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) or, if no such date is specified, the maturity 
date of the Original Collateral (the “Maturity Extension Date”). As soon as reasonably practicable 
following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Non-Call Event, and in any event no later than five 
Reference Business Days prior to the scheduled Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice of such Original Collateral Non-Call Event (including details of the proportion of the Notes 
that have been extended, confirmation of the Maturity Extension Date and details of the interest 
payable in the period ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Extension Date determined in 
accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable)) to the Issuer (copied to each Transaction Party) 
and the Issuer shall notify Noteholders as soon as is practicable upon being so notified in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
Where the Maturity Date is extended in accordance with this Condition 8(a) following an Original 
Collateral Non-Call Event, each Note shall become due and payable in full on the Maturity Extension 
Date at an amount equal to (x) such Note’s outstanding principal amount on such date, minus (y) 
such Note’s pro rata share of the Extended Interest Shortfall Amount (if any), provided that the Final 
Redemption Amount paid to Noteholders shall be equal to 10 per cent. of each Note’s Specified 
Denomination on the Issue Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of Global Notes and Global Registered Certificates, the 
principal payable in respect of any Note shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Global Note or Global Registered Certificate (as the case may 
be). 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Each Instalment Note of a Series shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related 
Instalment Amount. The aggregate principal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the 
relevant Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion 
of the principal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption upon Original Collateral Default Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Collateral Default Event has occurred in respect 
of a Series and gives notice of such determination (including a description in reasonable detail of 
the facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), then the Issuer shall give an Early Redemption Notice to the 
Noteholders of the Calculation Agent’s determination of the Original Collateral Default Event as 
soon as is practicable upon being so notified and attach to that a copy of the notice given by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to the Original Collateral Default Event or include the information 
provided therein and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related Early

--- Page 136 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
136 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable 
in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest 
thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be 
an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Original Collateral Default Event has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have 
any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer that an Original Collateral Default Event has occurred. If the Noteholders provide the relevant 
business unit of the Calculation Agent with details of the circumstances which could constitute an 
Original Collateral Default Event, the Calculation Agent will consider such notice, but will not be 
obliged to determine that an Original Collateral Default Event has occurred solely as a result of 
receipt of such notice. If the Calculation Agent gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of an 
Original Collateral Default Event, the Trustee shall be entitled, without liability, to rely conclusively 
on such notice without further investigation. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 8(d)(ii), the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware 
of the occurrence of a Note Tax Event and/or an Original Collateral Tax Event, give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall become due and 
payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall 
be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 
Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as 
applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there 
will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such 
Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”. 
A “Note Tax Event” will occur in respect of a Series if: 
(A) 
the Issuer determines that it will be required by any applicable law to withhold, deduct 
or account for an amount for any present or future taxes, duties or charges of 
whatsoever nature, other than a withholding, deduction or account in respect of an 
Information Reporting Regime, or would suffer the same in respect of its income, so 
that it would be unable to make in full any payment in respect of the Notes when due 
(other than an Original Collateral Tax Event and provided that, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any such taxes relating to ATAD shall be a Note Tax Event); 
(B) 
on the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes, such a withholding, deduction 
or account is actually made in respect of any payment in respect of the Notes; or 
(C) 
the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes 
has failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in 
accordance with Condition 12(b) (Provision of Information) such that any payment 
received or payable by the Issuer may be subject to a deduction or withholding or the 
Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in each case, pursuant to an Information Reporting 
Regime, 
other than where such event constitutes an Original Collateral Tax Event.

--- Page 137 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
137 
An “Original Collateral Tax Event” will occur in respect of a Series if the Issuer determines 
that it is or will be: 
(A) 
unable to receive any payment due in respect of any Original Collateral in full on the 
due date therefor without a deduction for or on account of any withholding tax, back-
up withholding or other tax, duties or charges of whatsoever nature imposed by any 
authority of any jurisdiction; 
(B) 
required to pay any tax, duty or charge of whatsoever nature imposed by any authority 
of any jurisdiction in respect of any payment received in respect of any Original 
Collateral; and/or 
(C) 
required to comply with any reporting requirement (other than in respect of FATCA 
and any other Information Reporting Regime that is not materially more onerous to 
comply with than FATCA) of any authority of any jurisdiction in respect of any payment 
received in respect of any Original Collateral, 
provided that the Issuer, using reasonable efforts prior to the due date for the relevant 
payment, is (or would be) unable to (I) avoid such deduction(s) or payment(s) and/or (II) 
comply with such reporting requirements, in each case described in sub-paragraphs (A) to 
(C) above by filing a valid declaration that it is not a resident of such jurisdiction and/or by 
executing any certificate, form or other document in order to make a claim under a double 
taxation treaty or other exemption available to it. If the action that the Issuer would be required 
to undertake so as to avoid any such deduction(s) or payment(s) and/or comply with such 
reporting requirements would involve any material expense or is, in the sole opinion of the 
Issuer, unduly onerous, the Issuer shall not be required to take any such action. Without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, a FATCA Withholding on payments in respect of 
any Original Collateral shall constitute an Original Collateral Tax Event. For the purposes of 
this definition, if on the date falling 60 days prior to the immediately following date on which 
a payment will be due under the relevant Original Collateral (such 60th day prior being the 
“FATCA Test Date”), the Issuer is a “nonparticipating foreign financial institution” or 
“nonparticipating FFI” (as such terms are used under section 1471 of the Code or in any 
regulations or guidance thereunder), the Issuer will be deemed on the FATCA Test Date to 
be unable to receive a payment due in respect of such Original Collateral in full on the due 
date therefor without deduction for or on account of any withholding tax and, therefore, an 
Original Collateral Tax Event will have occurred on the FATCA Test Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold, deduct or account for any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature referred to in paragraph (i) 
above arises solely as a result of any Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s connection with the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any 
Note or receiving or being entitled to any payment in respect thereof then, to the extent 
possible, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes, duties or charges, as applicable, from the 
amount(s) payable to such Noteholder or Couponholder, and provided that payments to other 
Noteholders or Couponholders would not be impaired, the Issuer shall not give an Early 
Redemption Notice pursuant to Condition 8(d)(i). Any such deduction shall not constitute an 
Event of Default under Condition 8(m) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of 
Default), a Liquidation Event under Condition 13 (Liquidation) or an Enforcement Event under 
Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Note Tax Event or Original Collateral Tax Event has occurred. No Transaction 
Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any

--- Page 138 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
138 
notice to the Issuer that a Note Tax Event or an Original Collateral Tax Event has occurred. If the 
Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Note Tax 
Event or an Original Collateral Tax Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be, shall be entitled, without liability, to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(e) 
Redemption for Original Collateral Call 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Call, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series 
shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption 
Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as 
applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no 
separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early 
Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Original Collateral Call has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have any 
obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer 
that an Original Collateral Call has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an Original Collateral Call, the Trustee and/or the Calculation 
Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled, without liability, to rely conclusively on such notice 
without further investigation. 
(f) 
Redemption for Termination of Swap Agreement 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of a Swap 
Termination Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series 
shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption 
Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as 
applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no 
separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early 
Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
If, prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer becomes aware of the occurrence of a Swap Agreement Event which is then 
continuing; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition in respect of the Notes of the Series, 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. Following such 
notice being given by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution and 
provided that (A) the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction and (B) no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to designate an Early 
Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 139 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
139 
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable, 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the 
Swap Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) 
and the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall constitute an Early Redemption Notice for 
purposes of the first paragraph of this Condition 8(f). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event has occurred. No Transaction 
Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any 
notice to the Issuer that a Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event has occurred. If the 
Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Swap 
Termination Event or a Swap Agreement Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, shall be entitled, without liability, to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition pursuant to 
Condition 8(k) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition) shall not constitute 
a Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event pursuant to this Condition 8(f). 
(g) 
Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event 
The Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that a Swap Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be given 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon as is 
practicable upon being so directed and each Note shall become due and payable on the related 
Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount 
payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued 
interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given 
shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding may deliver a 
request in writing to the Issuer and the Trustee for a meeting of Noteholders to be convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution to sanction that a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has 
occurred and to instruct the Issuer to give an Early Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes. 
Any such request by any holder of a Note for a meeting to be convened to resolve that a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred must (i) describe the Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event alleged to have occurred and (ii) contain information that reasonably confirms that the Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is satisfactory 
evidence of the occurrence of the Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. Upon receipt of a valid 
request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements outlined in the preceding sentence, the Issuer 
shall convene a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and shall be entitled to rely 
conclusively on such Extraordinary Resolution regarding the same. No Transaction Party shall have 
any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer that a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the 
Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, 
the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled, without liability, to 
rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation.

--- Page 140 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
140 
(h) 
Redemption Following an Illegality Event 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of an Illegality 
Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) 
or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, 
and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice 
is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Illegality Event has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have any obligation to 
give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer that an Illegality 
Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the 
occurrence of an Illegality Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
shall be entitled, without liability, to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(i) 
Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption Event 
If, in respect of a Series, the Calculation Agent has given an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty), then the Issuer shall give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of such 
fact as soon as is practicable upon being so notified and attach to that a copy of the Original 
Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice or include the information provided therein and each 
Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its 
Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such 
Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger 
Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. No Transaction Party shall 
have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to 
the Issuer that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. If the Calculation Agent gives 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be 
entitled, without liability, to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(j) 
Redemption Following Reference Rate Event 
If, in respect of a Series: 
(i) 
either a Replacement Reference Rate Notice or a Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before a Cut-off 
Date in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event); 
(ii) 
it (A) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation or (B) would contravene 
any applicable licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions 
prescribed in Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) (or it would be unlawful 
or would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such 
time); or

--- Page 141 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
141 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be an interest rate, 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or 
governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty to material 
additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake (each of paragraphs (i) to 
(iii) above, a “Reference Rate Default Event”),  
then the Calculation Agent shall give notice of such fact to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty). The Issuer shall then give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of such fact as soon as is practicable upon being so notified 
and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date 
at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of 
such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date 
on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early 
Redemption Trigger Date”. 
If the Calculation Agent gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Default 
Event, the Trustee shall, without liability, be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without 
further investigation. 
(k) 
Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition  
Where “Issuer Call” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall, as 
soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, give an 
Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall become due and 
payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid 
pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”. Interest Amounts, if any, shall be payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Interest). 
Where the Notes are redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(k), then on the Issuer Call Settlement 
Date: 
(i) 
where “Issuer Call Settlement – Cash to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay (or procure payment of) an amount equal to the proceeds 
of the Liquidation of the Original Collateral that it is entitled to receive; or  
(ii) 
where “Issuer Call Settlement – Delivery to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer shall deliver (or procure delivery of) the Original Collateral,  
in each case, to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if, at any time following the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition and prior to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an 
Early Termination Date occurs for any other reason, then the Early Redemption Trigger Date 
resulting directly from the satisfaction of the Issuer Call Condition shall be disregarded and the 
Notes will instead redeem in accordance with the relevant provision of Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase) to which the subsequent Early Redemption Trigger Date relates. If, at any time from (and 
including) the Issuer Call Settlement Date and prior to the Issuer Call Redemption Date, an Early 
Redemption Trigger Date or an Early Termination Date occurs for any other reason, the provisions 
of this Condition 8(k) shall prevail.

--- Page 142 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
142 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Issuer Call Condition has been satisfied. No Transaction Party shall have any 
obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer 
that an Issuer Call Condition has been satisfied. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or 
the Calculation Agent of the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled, without liability, to rely conclusively on such 
notice without further investigation. 
(l) 
Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
Where “Noteholder Early Redemption Option” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 100 per cent. Noteholders may on any Reference Business Day falling within the Noteholder 
Early Redemption Option Period deliver a notice outside of the clearing systems to the Issuer 
(copied to each Transaction Party) (a “Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice”), 
together with evidence to the satisfaction of the Swap Counterparty of such 100 per cent. 
Noteholders’ beneficial holding of 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding, irrevocably proposing a date on which the Issuer shall redeem each Note of such 
Series in full (and not in part) in an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. For a Noteholder 
Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice to be valid, the date proposed must fall at least (A) 10 
Reference Business Days following the date of the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise 
Notice and (B) 15 Reference Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.  
If a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice is delivered, the Issuer shall deliver 
an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall become due and 
payable on the date proposed in the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice (being, 
for such purposes, the Early Redemption Date) at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid 
pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be 
the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to 
have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary (including the provisions of Condition 8(q) (Effect of Early 
Redemption Trigger Date, Maturity Date Liquidation Event, Redemption or Purchase and 
Cancellation)), if at any time prior to the Early Valuation Date an Early Redemption Trigger Date 
occurs for any other reason, then the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice (and 
any related Early Redemption Notice) delivered pursuant to this Condition 8(l) shall be deemed to 
be void and the Notes will instead redeem in accordance with the relevant provision of Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase) to which the subsequent Early Redemption Trigger Date relates. 
The Issuer and each Transaction Party shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any communication 
purporting to be delivered by 100 per cent. Noteholders without further investigation and to act upon 
the same and shall have no liability whatsoever in respect of such reliance. 
(m) 
Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may, 
and if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (provided in each case that the Trustee shall 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Issuer that all but not some only of the Notes of the Series shall become 
due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon) on the Early Redemption 
Date:

--- Page 143 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
143 
(i) 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any interest or Instalment Amount 
in respect of the Notes or any of them, other than any interest or Instalment Amount due and 
payable on the Maturity Date, and other than where any such default occurs as a result of an 
Original Collateral Default Event, a Note Tax Event, an Original Collateral Tax Event, an 
Original Collateral Call, a Swap Termination Event, a Swap Agreement Event, a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, an Illegality Event, an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
(to the extent the Calculation Agent has given an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice), a Reference Rate Default Event, the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition or the exercise of a Noteholder Early Redemption Option; 
(ii) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Notes or the Trust Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(iii) 
an Issuer Bankruptcy Event occurs. 
For the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents, in relation to any Events of 
Default, the date on which the related Early Redemption Notice is deemed to be given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed for the Series that, on each Annual FS Date, and 
within 14 days on request from the Trustee, the Issuer will send to the Trustee a certificate signed 
by a Director to the effect that, having made all reasonable enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, 
information and belief of the Issuer as at the date of the certificate, no Event of Default or event or 
circumstance that could, with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate, become 
an Event of Default, Enforcement Event, early redemption event specified in the Conditions, 
Liquidation Event or breach of the Transaction Documents has occurred since the certification date 
of the last such certificate or (if none) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the Series or, 
if such an event had occurred, giving details thereof. 
(n) 
Suspension of Payments and Calculations 
If, at any time within five Reference Business Days on or prior to a day on which an amount will be 
due and payable in respect of the Notes (the “Suspended Payment Date”), the Calculation Agent 
determines that facts exist which may (assuming the expiration of any applicable grace period) 
amount to an Original Collateral Default Event, no payment of principal or interest shall be made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes during the period of 10 Reference Business Days following the 
Suspended Payment Date (the “Original Collateral Default Suspension Period”). If, at any time 
during the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Original Collateral Default Event has occurred, then the provisions of Condition 8(c) (Redemption 
upon Original Collateral Default Event) shall apply. If, on the final Reference Business Day of the 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period, no such determination has been made, then the 
balance of the principal or interest that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Notes 
shall be due on the second Reference Business Day after such final Reference Business Day of the 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period. Noteholders and Couponholders shall not be entitled 
to a further payment as a consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal or interest is 
postponed pursuant to this Condition 8(n).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent determines that the circumstances giving 
rise to such potential Original Collateral Default Event have been remedied (if possible) or no longer 
exist such that no related Original Collateral Default Event has occurred, then the Issuer shall make 
any payments that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Notes on the second 
Reference Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent makes such

--- Page 144 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
144 
determination. Noteholders and Couponholders shall not be entitled to a further payment as a 
consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal or interest is postponed pursuant to 
this Condition 8(n). In determining whether a payment failure has (or may have) occurred, the 
Calculation Agent may rely on evidence of non-receipt of funds. 
(o) 
Purchases 
If the Issuer has made arrangements for the realisation of no more than the equivalent proportion 
of the Collateral and/or for the reduction in the notional amount of the Swap Agreement in 
connection with the proposed purchase of the Notes, which transactions will leave the Issuer with 
no assets or net liabilities in respect thereof, it may purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Notes represented by a Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer if they are purchased 
together with the right to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) 
thereon. 
(p) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be surrendered for cancellation, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by surrendering the Registered Certificate representing such Notes to or to the 
order of the Registrar and, in each case, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
Cancellation of any Note (other than upon such Note’s redemption) represented by a Global Note 
shall be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the Global Note representing such Note on 
its presentation to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent for endorsement in the first 
schedule thereto (Principal amount of Notes represented by this Temporary Global Note or Principal 
amount of Notes represented by this Permanent Global Note, as applicable), whereupon the 
principal amount of the Global Note shall be reduced for all purposes by the amount so cancelled 
and endorsed. 
(q) 
Effect of Early Redemption Trigger Date, Maturity Date Liquidation Event, Redemption 
or Purchase and Cancellation 
Upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date, a Maturity Date Liquidation Event or 
upon each Note of the Series being redeemed or purchased and cancelled, Conditions 8(a) (Final 
Redemption) to 8(m) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default) shall no longer 
apply to such Notes, provided that if the Early Redemption Trigger Date occurred as a result of any 
such Condition, that Condition shall continue to apply. 
9 
Calculations, Determinations, Rounding, Reference Rate Events and Original 
Collateral Disruption Events 
(a) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, any Final 
Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as is practicable on each Interest Determination Date and on 
each date the Calculation Agent is required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or

--- Page 145 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
145 
make any determination or calculation under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, as the 
case may be: 
(i) 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period and 
Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or 
other amount; 
(iii) 
obtain such quotation and/or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be; 
and 
(iv) 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, any Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount, to be notified to the Trustee, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange, as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (A) in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period if determined prior to such time or (B) in all other cases, the earlier of the date 
on which any relevant payment is due (if determined prior to such time) and the fourth London 
Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period End Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
a Business Day Convention, the Interest Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) so published 
may subsequently be amended by the Calculation Agent without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. 
If, in respect of any due date for redemption, payment of the full amount of principal due for 
redemption is not made, no publication of the rates determined in accordance with this 
Condition 9(a) to be used in the calculation of any Default Interest need be made unless the Trustee 
notifies the Calculation Agent to the contrary in writing. The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding upon all 
Noteholders, Couponholders, Transaction Parties and all other parties. If the Calculation Agent at 
any time does not make any determination or calculation or take any action that it is required to do 
pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction Document, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Swap Counterparty. 
In making any calculation or determination, giving any notice or exercising any discretion, in each 
case under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, the Calculation Agent does not assume 
any responsibility or liability to anyone other than the Issuer for whom it acts as agent. In particular, 
the Calculation Agent assumes no responsibility to Noteholders, Couponholders, the Trustee or any 
other persons in respect of its role as Calculation Agent and, without limitation, shall not be liable 
for any loss (whether a loss of profit, loss of opportunity or consequential loss), cost, expense or 
any other damage suffered by any such person. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer for any errors in calculations or determinations 
made by it hereunder, or any failure to make, or delay in making, any calculations or determinations 
(irrespective of whether such error, failure or delay affects any other calculations or determinations 
made hereunder) in the manner required of it by the Conditions save that the Calculation Agent 
shall be liable to the Issuer (but not to any other person or persons, including Noteholders, 
Couponholders and the Trustee) where such error, failure or delay arose out of its negligence, fraud 
or wilful default. For this purpose, “negligence” shall not include operational delay or failure, save

--- Page 146 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
146 
for where such operational delay or failure is such that no reasonable person performing functions 
similar to those of the Calculation Agent in comparable circumstances, and working within standard 
office hours, could have justified such delay. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
foregoing, it is explicitly acknowledged (and shall be taken into account in any determination of 
whether it has been negligent) that the Calculation Agent will also be performing calculations and 
other functions with respect to transactions other than the Notes and that it may make the 
calculations required by the Notes and other calculations and other functions required by such other 
transactions in such order as seems appropriate to it and shall not be liable for the order in which it 
elects to perform calculations or other functions or for any delay caused by electing to perform 
calculations and other functions for such other transactions prior to those in respect of the Notes.  
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that, as a 
result of market disruption, force majeure, systems failure or any other event of an analogous nature, 
it is unable to make a calculation or determination in the manner required by the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as 
practicable, and the Calculation Agent shall not be liable for failure to make such calculation or 
determination in the required manner. 
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that (I) it 
has not received the necessary information from any person or other source that is expected to 
deliver or provide the same pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction Document which means 
that it is unable to make a determination required of it in accordance with the Conditions or the 
provisions of a Transaction Document and/or (II) one or more provisions (including any 
mathematical terms and formulae) contained in the Conditions or any Transaction Document appear 
to the Calculation Agent (taking into account the context of the transaction as a whole and its 
background understanding) to be erroneous on the basis that it is impossible to make such 
calculation or that such provisions produce a result that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is 
economically nonsensical, the Calculation Agent shall be permitted to make its determination on the 
basis of the provisions of the Conditions or such Transaction Document but may make such 
amendments thereto as, in its opinion, are necessary to cater for relevant circumstances falling 
under (I) and/or (II) above, provided always that in so doing the Calculation Agent acts in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(b) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being 
rounded up to 0.00001) and (ii) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest unit of such currency (with one half of the lowest unit of the currency being 
rounded up, for example, GBP0.005 being rounded to GBP0.01), save in the case of Japanese yen 
or Korean won, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen or won, respectively. For these 
purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency (e.g. one cent or one pence). 
(c) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event  
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of 
a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice to the Issuer (such 
notice, the “Reference Rate Event Notice”) (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), setting out a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to the determination that a Reference Rate Event has occurred, provided that 
no Reference Rate Event Notice shall be required to be delivered where the applicable Cut-

--- Page 147 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
147 
off Date falls after the latest scheduled payment obligation of the Issuer under the Transaction 
Documents or the Reference Rate Event had occurred prior to the Issue Date. 
(ii) 
Following delivery of a Reference Rate Event Notice in respect of a Series, the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to determine: 
(A) 
a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
an Adjustment Spread; and 
(C) 
such 
other 
adjustments 
(the 
“Replacement 
Reference 
Rate 
Ancillary 
Amendments”) to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Default Interest, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, Interest 
Period End Date and Rate of Interest) which the Calculation Agent determines are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the 
Notes before and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread), 
(the amendments required to the Conditions to reflect paragraphs (A) to (C) together, the 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”). 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Replacement Reference Rate, an Adjustment Spread 
and the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall deliver: 
(A) 
a notice to the Issuer (such notice, the “Replacement Reference Rate Notice”) 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) 
which specifies any Replacement Reference Rate, any Adjustment Spread, the 
specific terms of any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments and the Cut-off Date; 
and 
(B) 
a certificate to the Trustee (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent) (such certificate, 
a “Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”): 
(I) 
specifying (w) the Reference Rate Event, (x) the Replacement Reference Rate, 
(y) the Adjustment Spread and (z) the specific terms of any Replacement 
Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments; and 
(II) 
certifying that the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic 
equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread). 
(iv) 
If either the Replacement Reference Rate Notice or the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before the Cut-
off Date, Condition 8(j) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event) shall apply. 
(v) 
If the Issuer receives a Replacement Reference Rate Notice from the Calculation Agent at 
least two London Business Days before the Cut-off Date, it shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, promptly make the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments, which amendments will take effect from the Cut-off Date (and the amendments

--- Page 148 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
148 
effected by any amendment deed entered into following such date shall be expressed as 
taking effect as of the Cut-off Date). For the avoidance of doubt, references to the Reference 
Rate in the Notes and the Transaction Documents will be replaced by references to the 
Replacement Reference Rate as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread (provided that the 
Replacement Reference Rate, after application of the Adjustment Spread, may not be less 
than zero). 
The Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent may rely, without further enquiry and without 
liability to any person for so doing, on a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments 
Certificate. Upon receipt of a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate, the 
Trustee shall agree to the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments without seeking the 
consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer 
(at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust 
Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the Replacement Reference 
Rate Amendments would (I) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (II) impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document of any Series. 
(vi) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments having 
been made, deliver a notice containing the details of the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
(vii) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Reference Rate Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent 
shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any notice to the Issuer that a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred. 
(viii) 
Any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(d) 
Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates 
With respect to a Reference Rate that would (i) if ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions is applicable, 
constitute a “Relevant Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2006 ISDA Definitions Benchmarks 
Annex as published by ISDA or (ii) if ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions is applicable, constitute an 
“Applicable Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, if the definition of such 
Reference Rate includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an “index 
cessation event” (regardless of the contents of that definition or description) then, for the purposes 
of determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread pursuant to Condition 
9(c)(ii) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, upon the occurrence of such 
an event, any fallback specified in that definition or description to apply following such an event (the 
“Priority Fallback”) shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when making its 
determinations in accordance with Condition 9(c)(ii).  
(e) 
Interim Measures 
If, following a Reference Rate Event, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination 
in respect of the Notes and, at that time: 
(i) 
no amendments have occurred in accordance with Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event); and

--- Page 149 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
149 
(ii) 
an Early Redemption Trigger Date has not occurred pursuant to Condition 8(j) (Redemption 
Following Reference Rate Event), 
then, for the purposes of that determination: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative (in relation to a Reference Rate 
Cessation), the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred (in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), the Risk-Free Rate Event Date has not yet occurred (in 
relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event) or the Representative Statement Event Date has not yet 
occurred (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or the Material Change Event 
Date has not yet occurred (in relation to a Material Change Event), the level of the Reference 
Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the 
Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the level for the Reference Rate cannot be determined under paragraph (A) above, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by reference to the rate published in respect 
of the Reference Rate at the time at which the Reference Rate is ordinarily determined on (I) 
the day on which the Reference Rate ceased to be available or representative (in relation to 
a Reference Rate Cessation), (II) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), (III) the Risk-Free Rate Event Date (in relation to a Risk-
Free Rate Event), (IV) the Representative Statement Event Date (in relation to a 
Representative Statement Event) or (V) the Material Change Event Date (in relation to a 
Material Change Event) or, if no rate is published at that time, that rate is non-representative 
or that rate cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, by reference to 
the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate was published or can be used 
in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as applicable. 
(f) 
Calculation Agent Determination Standard 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise judgment 
in any way under Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), without prejudice to 
Condition 9(c)(vii), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Separate Application of Fallbacks 
If, in respect of a Series, there is more than one Reference Rate, then Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates) shall apply 
separately to each such Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, any Early Redemption Trigger 
Date that occurs pursuant to Condition 8(j) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event) in respect 
of such Series will apply to the whole Series. 
(h) 
Acknowledgement in respect of Reference Rate Modification 
If “Material Change Event” is not specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and, in 
respect of a Series, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of 
calculating such Reference Rate, is changed, then references to that Reference Rate shall be to 
the Reference Rate as changed unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred 
in respect of a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice to the Issuer 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), setting 
out a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event has occurred and:

--- Page 150 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
150 
(A) 
confirming that no amendments will be made to the Notes as a result of such Original 
Collateral Disruption Event (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action 
Notice”); or 
(B) 
specifying that amendments will be made to the Conditions and the Swap Agreement, 
(the “Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”) and setting out a 
description in reasonable detail of such amendments (an “Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendment Notice”); or 
(C) 
specifying that the Notes will be redeemed (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice”). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer receives an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice from the 
Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
promptly make the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments, provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred in respect 
of the Notes; 
(B) 
the purpose of the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments is to account for 
any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty; and 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, an “Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that the purpose of the 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments is solely as set out in paragraph (B) 
above.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, 
on an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of an 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s 
expense) in effecting the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that 
the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document of any Series. 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following making the Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments, deliver a notice containing the details of the Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
(iv) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. The 
Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any notice in respect of 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event.  
(v) 
Any Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 151 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
151 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, for a Series, any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains are: 
(A) 
a negative amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by reducing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable (in 
each case subject to a minimum of zero) pursuant to the Notes for the Series; or 
(B) 
a positive amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by increasing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable 
pursuant to the Notes for the Series. 
(j) 
Determinations and actions 
All calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent, as applicable 
under the Conditions shall be made in accordance with the terms of the relevant Conditions having 
regard in each case to the criteria stipulated therein (if any) and (where relevant) on the basis of 
information provided to or obtained by the employees or officers of the relevant party responsible 
for making the relevant calculation or determination. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, where the terms of the Notes provide that the 
amount payable at maturity is subject to a minimum amount, no modification to the Conditions may 
be made by the Issuer to reduce the amount so payable to less than the minimum amount. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the preceding sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of the Issuer to 
modify the Conditions pursuant to Master Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution). 
All calculations and determinations made or actions taken under the Conditions by the Calculation 
Agent and the Disposal Agent shall be made or taken in good faith and acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In making any such determinations under the Conditions, the Calculation Agent 
and the Disposal Agent may take into account such factors as it determines to be appropriate 
(including, but not limited to, any circumstances or events which it determines has a material effect 
on any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer (and/or its affiliates)) at any time with 
respect to the Notes. In the case of each determination and action made or taken under the 
Conditions, the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent shall take into account the effect of such 
determination on the Notes and consider whether fair treatment of the Noteholders (but not only 
individual Noteholders) is achieved by such determination in accordance with its applicable 
regulatory obligations. 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Disposal Agent assumes any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust or of a fiduciary nature for or with any Noteholder, Couponholder or any other 
Transaction Party. 
10 Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Definitive Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the 
Receipt is presented for payment together with its related Definitive Bearer Note), Definitive Bearer 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 10(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts, and Unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in 
the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 10(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts, and 
Unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the

--- Page 152 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
152 
United States by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a Bank nominated by 
such holder presenting such Definitive Bearer Note, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be. 
In this Condition 10(a), “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, 
in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Global Notes 
Any payments that are made in respect of a Global Note shall be made to its holder against 
presentation and (if no further payment falls to be made on it) surrender of it to or to the order of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent. 
If any payment of principal is made in full in respect of any Note represented by a Temporary Global 
Note, the portion of such Temporary Global Note representing such Note shall be cancelled and the 
amount so cancelled shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent on the first 
schedule thereto (Principal amount of Notes represented by this Temporary Global Note) (such 
endorsement being prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made) whereupon 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note shall be reduced for all purposes by the amount 
so cancelled and endorsed. 
If any payments are made in respect of the Notes represented by a Global Note (excluding 
payments of principal in respect of any Note represented by a Temporary Global Note), a record of 
each such payment shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent on a schedule 
thereto (such endorsement being prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made). 
No person shall be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note that falls due on or after the TGN Exchange Date for such Notes unless, 
upon due presentation of such Temporary Global Note for exchange, delivery of (or, in the case of 
a subsequent exchange, due endorsement of) a Permanent Global Note or delivery of Definitive 
Bearer Notes, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Payments due in respect of a D Rules Note before the TGN Exchange Date shall only be made in 
relation to such principal amount of the Temporary Global Note with respect to which there shall 
have been Registered Certification dated no earlier than such due date for payment. 
No person shall be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by a 
Permanent Global Note that falls due after the PGN Exchange Date for such Notes unless, upon 
due presentation of such Permanent Global Note for exchange, delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Issuer does not perform or 
comply with any one or more of what are expressed to be its obligations under any Definitive Bearer 
Notes. 
(c) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 10(c) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Definitive Registered 
Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Registered 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purposes of this Condition 10(c) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Definitive Registered Notes shall be paid to the 
person shown on the Register at the close of business on the 15th day before the due date 
for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Definitive Registered

--- Page 153 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
153 
Note shall be made in the relevant currency by transfer to an account nominated by such 
person shown in the Register in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(iii) 
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes represented by a Global Registered Certificate 
will be made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the 
close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive 
except 25 December and 1 January. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Definitive Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
Specified Offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when 
due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts, and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after 
such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them. 
(iv) 
Where any Definitive Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Receipts and/or 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of these Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Receipts, unmatured Coupons, and where any 
Definitive Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating 
to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note (other than a Registered Note represented by a 
Global Registered Certificate) is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from 
the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
relevant Bearer Note or Registered Certificate representing it, as the case may be.

--- Page 154 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
154 
(vi) 
Default Interest on any Note (other than a Registered Note represented by a Global 
Registered Certificate) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Registered Certificate representing it, as the case 
may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 18 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any day on which a payment is due in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day, nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed or adjusted date of payment.  
11 Agents 
(a) 
Appointment of Agents and Custodian 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the 
Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective Specified Offices are listed in the applicable Issue Terms. Subject to the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and the Custody Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, 
any Transfer Agent, the Custodian, the Disposal Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, Transfer Agents, Custodian(s), Disposal Agent(s), Calculation 
Agent(s) or such other agents as may be required, provided that the Issuer shall, at all times, 
maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a Disposal Agent, (v) a Calculation Agent, (vi) a 
Custodian and (vii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which 
the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Definitive Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 
10(d) (Payments in the United States). 
To the extent practicable, the Issuer shall give at least 14 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders of 
any future appointment, resignation or removal of an Agent or the Custodian or of any change by 
an Agent or the Custodian of its Specified Office in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
(b) 
Calculation Agent Appointment, Termination and Replacement 
(i) 
Subject to the automatic termination of the appointment of the Calculation Agent as a result 
of the occurrence of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Issuer shall procure that there 
shall, at all times, be a Calculation Agent for so long as any Note is outstanding. Without 
prejudice to Condition 9(a) (Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest 
Amounts, any Final Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment 
Amounts), if (x) the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest

--- Page 155 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
155 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount or 
Early Redemption Amount or to make any other calculation or determination required of it 
under the Conditions or the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document, as the 
case may be, or fails to comply with any other material requirement under the Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document and, in each case, such failure 
has not been remedied within a reasonable period or (y) a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy 
Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds 
available for such purpose) (with the prior approval of the Swap Counterparty, provided no 
Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect 
to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for the 
Series) to appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market or 
other appropriate market that is most closely connected with the calculation(s) and/or 
determination(s) to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place, provided 
that the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the 
outgoing Calculation Agent is appointed; or 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event has occurred, and if the Issuer has been directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution that the Issuer appoint a replacement Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer shall, provided that (A) such replacement is a financial institution of international repute 
that satisfies the Trustee’s “know your customer” requirements and (B) the terms of such 
appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Calculation Agent 
is appointed (and if any difference in such terms (in the opinion of the Trustee or any Agent 
or the Custodian) adversely affects the terms on which the Trustee or any other Agent or the 
Custodian is appointed, the prior written consent of each such affected party has also been 
obtained by the Issuer (such consent of an Agent or the Custodian not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed)), use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) to appoint the person nominated in such Extraordinary Resolution as calculation 
agent in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Disposal Agent Appointment, Termination and Replacement 
(i) 
Subject to the automatic termination of the appointment of the Disposal Agent as a result of 
the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Issuer shall procure that there 
shall, at all times, be a Disposal Agent for so long as any Note is outstanding. If (x) the 
Disposal Agent fails duly to establish any rate, amount or value required to be determined by 
it under the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document or to take 
the steps required of it under the Conditions or the Agency Agreement to Liquidate the 
Collateral, as the case may be, or fails to comply with any other material requirement under 
the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document and, in each 
case, such failure has not been remedied within a reasonable period or (y) a Disposal Agent 
Bankruptcy Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has 
funds available for such purpose) (with the prior approval of the Swap Counterparty, provided 
no Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement for the Series) has occurred with 
respect to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for 
the Series) to appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market 
or other appropriate market to act as such in its place, provided that the terms of such 
appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Disposal Agent 
is appointed; or 
(ii) 
if a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event has occurred, and if the Issuer has been directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution that the Issuer appoint a replacement Disposal Agent, the Issuer

--- Page 156 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
156 
shall, provided that (A) such replacement is a financial institution of international repute that 
satisfies the Trustee’s “know your customer” requirements and (B) the terms of such 
appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Disposal Agent 
is appointed (and if any difference in such terms (in the opinion of the Trustee or any Agent 
or the Custodian) adversely affects the terms on which the Trustee or any other Agent or the 
Custodian is appointed, the prior written consent of each such affected party has also been 
obtained by the Issuer (such consent of any Agent or the Custodian not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed)), use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) to appoint the person nominated in such Extraordinary Resolution as disposal agent 
in respect of the Notes. 
(d) 
Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon Failure to Satisfy 
Required Ratings  
If the Custodian or the Issuing and Paying Agent (each, a “Rated Entity”) fails to maintain the 
Required Ratings or ceases to be rated by S&P or Moody’s, clause 35.3 (Ratings) of the Custody 
Agreement or clause 19.5 (Ratings) of the Agency Agreement shall apply (as applicable) and the 
Rated Entity’s appointment may be terminated at the election of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty 
and shall be terminated if the Issuer is so directed by the Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (provided that, for this purpose, the Extraordinary Resolution must be passed by holders 
of 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding). 
The Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure the replacement of the Rated Entity 
which will occur not earlier than the date falling 33 calendar days following the date on which (i) the 
Issuer or the Swap Counterparty elected that the Rated Entity’s appointment should be terminated 
or (ii) the Issuer was directed by the Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided 
that, for this purpose, the Extraordinary Resolution must be passed by holders of 100 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding) to terminate the appointment of the 
Rated Entity provided that such replacement (A) is a financial institution of international repute, (B) 
has the Required Ratings and (C) is appointed on terms substantially similar to the terms on which 
the outgoing Rated Entity was appointed. 
The termination of a Rated Entity’s appointment pursuant to clause 35.3 (Ratings) of the Custody 
Agreement or clause 19.5 (Ratings) of the Agency Agreement shall not take effect: 
(i) 
until a replacement Rated Entity has been appointed; and 
(ii) 
if there would cease to be Rated Entity as required by the Conditions or by any relevant stock 
exchange as a result of such termination. 
12 Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding or Deductions on Payments in respect of the Notes  
Without prejudice to Condition 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), all payments in respect of 
the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature that the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent is 
required by applicable law to make. In that event, the Issuer, the Trustee or such Agent shall make 
such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant 
authorities for the amount(s) so required to be withheld or deducted. None of the Issuer, the Trustee 
or any Agent will be obliged to make any additional payments to Noteholders in respect of such 
withholding or deduction. For the purposes of this Condition 12(a), any withholding required by an 
Information Reporting Regime shall be deemed to be required by applicable law.

--- Page 157 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
157 
(b) 
Provision of Information 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of Notes shall, within 10 London Business 
Days of the Issuer giving a request in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) or receipt of a request 
from any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, supply to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf 
of the Issuer such forms, documentation and other information relating to such Noteholder’s, 
Couponholder’s or beneficial owner’s status under any Applicable Law (including, without limitation, 
any Information Reporting Regime) or any agreement entered into by the Issuer pursuant thereto 
as the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer reasonably requests for the purposes 
of the Issuer’s, or such agent’s compliance with such law or agreement and such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner shall notify the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the 
Issuer (as applicable) reasonably promptly if it becomes aware that any of the forms, documentation 
or other information provided by such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is (or becomes) 
inaccurate in any material respect; provided, however, that no Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner shall be required to provide any forms, documentation or other information 
pursuant to this Condition 12(b) to the extent that: 
(i) 
any such form, documentation or other information (or the information required to be provided 
on such form or documentation) is not reasonably available to such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner and cannot be obtained by such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner using reasonable efforts; or 
(ii) 
doing so would or might in the reasonable opinion of such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner constitute a breach of any (A) Applicable Law, (B) fiduciary duty or (C) duty 
of confidentiality, 
and, in each case, such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner promptly provides written 
notice to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) stating that it is 
unable to comply with the Issuer’s and/or such agent’s request and the reason for such inability to 
comply.  
The Issuer and its duly authorised agents and delegates may disclose the forms, documentation 
and other information provided to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as 
applicable) pursuant to this Condition 12(b) to any taxation or other governmental authority. 
For the purposes of this Condition 12(b), “Applicable Law” shall be deemed to include (A) any rule 
or practice of any Authority by which the Issuer or any agent on behalf of the Issuer is bound or with 
which it is accustomed to comply, (B) any agreement between any Authorities and (C) any 
agreement between any Authority and the Issuer or any agent on behalf of the Issuer that is 
customarily entered into by institutions of a similar nature.  
(c) 
FATCA Amendments 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of the Notes further agrees and consents 
that, in respect of applicable Information Reporting Regimes, the Issuer may (i) comply with the 
terms of any intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and another jurisdiction with respect 
to FATCA or any legislation implementing such an intergovernmental agreement, (ii) enter into an 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or (iii) comply with other legislation or 
agreements under an applicable Information Reporting Regime, in each case, in such form as may 
be required to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the Issuer, or fines or 
penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable Information Reporting Regime.  
In connection therewith, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders 
or any beneficial owner of the Notes, make such amendments to the Conditions and/or the 
Transaction Documents (except for the Programme Deed) as it determines necessary to enable the

--- Page 158 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
158 
Issuer to enter into, or comply with the terms of, any such agreement or legislation (such 
amendments, the “FATCA Amendments”), provided that:  
(A) 
the FATCA Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected Transaction Documents 
(in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the Trustee; 
(B) 
the FATCA Amendments do not require a special quorum resolution; and 
(C) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “FATCA Amendments Certificate”) to the 
Trustee and each party to the affected Transaction Documents that the FATCA Amendments 
(I) are necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to the Issuer, or 
fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable Information 
Reporting Regime and (II) do not require a special quorum resolution.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
FATCA Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a FATCA Amendments Certificate, the Trustee 
shall agree to the FATCA Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting 
the FATCA Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the FATCA 
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the FATCA Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee 
to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or 
responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
13 Liquidation 
(a) 
Liquidation Event 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, it shall give a Liquidation 
Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties) as 
soon as is practicable.  
The Trustee shall, upon receipt by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice and upon it being 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by the Swap Counterparty that a Liquidation 
Event has occurred, give notice of the same to the Issuer. If the Issuer does not give a Liquidation 
Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties) 
within two Irish Business Days following receipt of notice from the Trustee, the Trustee shall 
(provided that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction) give a Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the 
other Transaction Parties) that a Liquidation Event has occurred as soon as is practicable.  
If at the time a Liquidation Commencement Notice is given there is no Calculation Agent or Disposal 
Agent, then, if a replacement Calculation Agent or Disposal Agent (as applicable) is appointed 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Agents), such notice shall be provided to such replacement Calculation 
Agent or Disposal Agent (if any) upon its appointment as Calculation Agent or Disposal Agent (as 
applicable). 
Neither the Disposal Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether a Liquidation Event has occurred. Prior to receipt by it of a Liquidation 
Commencement Notice, the Disposal Agent may assume that no Liquidation Event has occurred. 
Prior to receipt by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice or a direction from the Noteholders 
(acting by Extraordinary Resolution) or a direction in writing from the Swap Counterparty, the 
Trustee may assume without liability that no Liquidation Event has occurred. Subject to the Trust

--- Page 159 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
159 
Deed, the Trustee shall have no obligation, responsibility or liability to any person for giving a 
Liquidation Commencement Notice in accordance with this Condition 13(a). 
The Disposal Agent shall be entitled to rely on a Liquidation Commencement Notice without 
investigation of whether the relevant Liquidation Event has occurred.  
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the performance or any failure or delay in the 
performance by the Disposal Agent of its obligations under the Agency Agreement or the Conditions 
or for the payment of any commissions or expenses charged by the Disposal Agent or for any failure 
by the Disposal Agent to account for the proceeds of any Liquidation of Collateral in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement and the Conditions, and the Trustee shall not incur any liability to any 
person in respect of any acts or omissions or exercises of discretion of the Disposal Agent, who 
shall not be regarded as acting as the agent of the Trustee in any circumstances. 
Any Liquidation Commencement Notice given by the Issuer or the Trustee shall not be valid and the 
Disposal Agent shall not take any action in relation thereto if the Disposal Agent has already 
received (i) a Liquidation Commencement Notice in respect of the same or a prior Liquidation Event 
or (ii) an Enforcement Notice from the Trustee. 
(b) 
Liquidation Process 
Following receipt by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice, the Disposal Agent shall, on behalf 
of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that such Collateral is 
outstanding, effect an orderly Liquidation of the Collateral (by soliciting firm, actionable bids from at 
least three dealers active in the relevant credit market) commencing on the first day of the 
Liquidation Period with a view to Liquidating all the Collateral within the Liquidation Period in the 
following manner: 
(i) 
first, by Liquidating as soon as practicable, an amount of Collateral (other than Original 
Collateral) sufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer ranking in priority to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation); 
(ii) 
secondly, to the extent the proceeds available following a Liquidation under sub-paragraph 
(i) above are insufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer ranking in priority to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Master Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation) by Liquidating, as soon as reasonably practicable, an amount of Original 
Collateral sufficient to satisfy the reminder of such obligations (the amount of Original 
Collateral comprising such Collateral following such Liquidation (the “Remaining Original 
Collateral”)); 
(iii) 
thirdly, by liquidating any remaining Collateral, 
and provided that the Disposal Agent shall have no liability if the Liquidation of all Collateral has not 
been effected by the expiry of the Liquidation Period. If the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full 
by the expiry of the Liquidation Period (as extended by any Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event), then 
(i) the Disposal Agent shall notify the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable that it has not 
Liquidated in full all Collateral that is required to be Liquidated (with a copy of such notice being sent 
to the Swap Counterparty, the Trustee and the Custodian), (ii) the Disposal Agent shall transfer the 
Collateral not then Liquidated to the Swap Counterparty, (iii) the Collateral Proceeds in respect of 
such Collateral shall be deemed to be zero and (iv) the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders as soon 
as reasonably practicable that, following the expiry of the Liquidation Period, any Collateral that has 
not been Liquidated shall be transferred by the Disposal Agent to the Swap Counterparty and that 
the Collateral Proceeds in respect of such Collateral shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 160 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
160 
In determining whether or not to take any action as a result of a determination that a Liquidation 
Event has occurred, the Disposal Agent (i) shall have complete discretion, (ii) shall have no duty or 
obligation to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any other person to take any such 
action or make any such determination and (iii) shall not be liable for any such action or 
determination or the timing thereof, provided that it has acted in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
If, owing to the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, there is no Disposal Agent at the 
commencement of a Liquidation Period, or the Disposal Agent is the subject of a Disposal Agent 
Bankruptcy Event during a Liquidation Period and prior to the Liquidation having been completed, 
then that Liquidation Period shall not end on the date when it would, but for the effect of this 
provision, have ended and shall instead terminate on the date falling 10 Reference Business Days 
(where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable 
Issue Terms) or 30 Reference Business Days (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 
Reference Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms) following the appointment of a 
replacement Disposal Agent. 
If a replacement Disposal Agent is appointed during a Liquidation Period then, on appointment, the 
Disposal Agent will seek to effect a Liquidation as provided in this Condition 13 and the Disposal 
Agent shall have no responsibility in respect of any period prior to its appointment. 
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect such 
Liquidation, including, but not limited to, selecting the method of Liquidating any Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as is reasonably practicable within the available 
timeframe to obtain a representative price in such timeframe, even where a larger amount could 
possibly be received in respect of such Collateral if any such Liquidation were to be delayed. Subject 
to such requirement, the Disposal Agent shall be entitled to effect any Liquidation by way of one or 
multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s). The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Custodian, 
the Agents, holders of Receipts or any other Secured Creditor merely because a larger amount 
could have been received had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the Disposal Agent 
selected a different method of Liquidating any such Collateral. 
Notwithstanding the above, to the extent that any Liquidation consists of the sale of any Collateral, 
the Issuer and the Disposal Agent may agree that such sale will be made by the Issuer to the 
Disposal Agent and with the Disposal Agent then transacting with the relevant purchaser at the 
same price at which it purchased the Collateral from the Issuer. In such circumstance, the Disposal 
Agent would be acting on a strictly principal-to-principal basis and not as an agent of, or broker for, 
the Issuer. The Disposal Agent is under no obligation to agree to perform such a principal-to-
principal role. If the Disposal Agent does agree to perform such a role, the Issuer may enter into 
such documentation as it, in good faith, determines appropriate in connection with such sale and 
may agree such terms as it, in good faith, deems appropriate in respect thereof, including (without 
limitation) as to the timing of settlement of the sale and as to the consequences of any disruption, 
but provided that it makes reasonable efforts to procure that any settlement would be made by no 
later than the 10th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 
Reference Business Days in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 30th Reference Business Day (where 
“Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable Issue 
Terms) following the relevant Early Redemption Trigger Date or the Maturity Date for that Series, 
as applicable. The Issuer shall have no liability to any Noteholder or other Secured Creditor in 
respect of any such agreement, action or determination. 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s Right Following 
Liquidation Event), following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event and a Liquidation

--- Page 161 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
161 
Commencement Notice having been given, the Security shall be released without action on the part 
of the Trustee to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation of the 
Collateral. Nothing in this Condition 13(b) or Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s Right Following 
Liquidation Event) will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds 
of the Liquidation of the Collateral. 
Notwithstanding the obligations of the Disposal Agent pursuant to this Condition 13(b), the Disposal 
Agent shall not effect a Liquidation of any Collateral that is due to be redeemed or repaid, in whole 
or in part, on or before the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early Redemption Date 
(ignoring for this purpose the proviso to paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Early Redemption Date”), 
until the Original Collateral Call Early Payment Date has occurred in respect of that Original 
Collateral. 
(c) 
Proceeds of Liquidation 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable: 
(i) 
to account for anything except actual proceeds of the Collateral received by it (after deduction 
of the Liquidation Expenses (if any) described in Condition 13(d) (Liquidation Expenses)) and 
which shall, upon receipt, automatically become subject to the Security created by the Trust 
Deed; or 
(ii) 
for any taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities, fees, commissions or expenses 
arising from or connected with any Liquidation or from any act or omission in relation to the 
Collateral or otherwise unless such taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities or 
expenses shall be caused by its own negligence, fraud or wilful default. 
In addition, the Disposal Agent shall not be obliged to pay to the Issuer, any Transaction Party, any 
Noteholder or any Couponholder, interest on any proceeds from any Liquidation held by it at any 
time. 
(d) 
Liquidation Expenses 
The Issuer acknowledges that in effecting a Liquidation, Liquidation Expenses may be incurred. The Issuer 
agrees that any such Liquidation Expenses shall be borne by the Issuer and that the Disposal Agent shall only 
be required to remit the proceeds of such Liquidation net of such Liquidation Expenses. Where the Disposal 
Agent makes such net remittance to the Issuer but has itself received the relevant payment on a gross basis, 
the Disposal Agent agrees to apply the relevant amount retained by it in payment of such Liquidation Expenses.  
(e) 
Good Faith of Disposal Agent 
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent shall act in good faith and, subject as provided 
above, in respect of any sale, early repayment, early redemption or agreed termination in respect 
of the Collateral, shall agree a price that it reasonably believes to be representative of, or better 
than, the price available in the market for the sale of such Collateral in the appropriate size at that 
time, taking into account the total amount of Collateral to be sold, repaid, redeemed or terminated. 
(f) 
Disposal Agent to Use Reasonable Care 
The Disposal Agent shall use reasonable care in the performance of its duties but shall not be 
responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result thereof, save that the Disposal 
Agent’s liability to the Issuer shall not be so limited where the loss or damage results from the 
negligence, fraud or wilful default of the Disposal Agent.

--- Page 162 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
162 
(g) 
No Relationship of Agency or Trust 
The Disposal Agent shall not have any obligations towards, or relationship of agency or trust with, 
any Noteholder, Couponholder or any other Transaction Party. 
(h) 
Consultations on Legal Matters 
The Disposal Agent may consult on any legal matter any reputable legal adviser of international 
standing selected by it, who may be an employee of the Disposal Agent or adviser to the Issuer, 
and it shall not be liable in respect of anything done or omitted to be done relating to that matter in 
good faith in accordance with that adviser’s opinion. 
(i) 
Reliance on Documents 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance on a 
document it reasonably believed to be genuine and to have been signed by the proper parties or on 
information to which it should properly have regard and which it reasonably believed to be genuine 
and to have been originated by the proper parties. 
(j) 
Entry into Contracts and Other Transactions 
The Disposal Agent may enter into any contracts or any other transactions or arrangements with 
any of the Issuer, any other Transaction Party, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any Original 
Collateral Obligor, or any Affiliate of any of them (whether in relation to the Notes, the Collateral, the 
Security or any other transaction or obligation whatsoever), and may hold or deal in or be a party to 
the assets, obligations or agreements of which the relevant Collateral forms a part and other assets, 
obligations or agreements of any Original Collateral Obligor in respect of the Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent shall not be required to disclose any such contract, transaction or arrangement to 
any Noteholder, any Couponholder or other Transaction Party and shall be in no way accountable 
to the Issuer or (save as otherwise provided in the Agency Agreement and the Conditions) to any 
Noteholder, any Couponholder or any other Transaction Party for any profits or benefits arising from 
any such contract(s), transaction(s) or arrangement(s) and shall resolve any conflict of interest 
arising out of or in relation thereto in such manner as it deems appropriate, in its discretion. 
(k) 
Illegality 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to effect a Liquidation of any of the Collateral if it determines, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, that (i) any such Liquidation of some or all of the Collateral in 
accordance with this Condition 13 (A) would or might require or result in a violation by the Disposal 
Agent of any applicable law or regulation in any jurisdiction, including any insolvency prohibition or 
moratorium on the disposal of assets or (B) would or might require or result in any Affiliate of the 
Disposal Agent being in violation of any applicable law or regulation or (ii) for any other reason it is 
not possible for it to dispose of the Collateral (even at zero), and the Disposal Agent notifies the 
Issuer and the Trustee of the same. 
(l) 
Sales to Itself and Affiliates 
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent may sell any Collateral to itself, to any of its Affiliates, 
to any Affiliates of the Swap Counterparty, provided that (i) the Disposal Agent sells at a price that 
it reasonably believes to be a fair market price and (ii) following a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event, the Disposal Agent shall not sell to the Swap Counterparty or any Affiliate of the Swap 
Counterparty. A sale price shall be deemed to be a fair market price if two major market makers in 
the applicable market have either refused to buy the relevant assets or offered to buy them at a 
price equal to or less than such sale price.

--- Page 163 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
163 
(m) 
Notification of Enforcement Event 
Upon the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice to the Disposal Agent following the occurrence of 
an Enforcement Event, the Disposal Agent shall cease to effect any further Liquidation of any 
Collateral and shall take no further action to Liquidate any Collateral, save that any transaction 
entered into in connection with the Liquidation on or prior to the date any such Enforcement Notice 
was given shall be settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to 
settle such transaction and/or that are incidental thereto. 
(n) 
Transfer of Collateral 
Subject to Condition 13(l) (Sales to Itself and Affiliates), in effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal 
Agent may sell any Collateral to itself or to any of its Affiliates, provided that the price for such 
Collateral is paid to the Custodian or to the order of the Issuer. The Disposal Agent shall not have 
the right to transfer the Collateral to itself or to any of its Affiliates other than in connection with a 
sale thereof to itself or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, and provided that such sale is executed 
on a delivery versus payment basis. 
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, if the Disposal Agent has reasonable 
grounds to believe that a Custodian Bankruptcy Event has occurred, it shall remit such net proceeds 
of the Liquidation in accordance with the Issuer’s instructions and subject to the Security created by 
the Trust Deed. 
14 Enforcement of Security 
(a) 
Trustee to Enforce Security 
At any time after the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Trustee may, and (i) if so requested 
in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding, (ii) if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or (iii) if so directed in writing by the 
Swap Counterparty (whichever shall be the first to so request or direct, as the case may be) shall, 
(provided in each case that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has given an Enforcement Notice to the 
Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time), 
enforce the Security constituted by the Trust Deed. 
(b) 
Enforcement Notice 
Prior to taking any steps to enforce the Security, the Trustee shall notify (such notice being an 
“Enforcement Notice”) the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty and any Disposal Agent 
appointed at that time that (i) the Trustee intends to enforce the Security constituted by the Trust 
Deed and (ii) the Disposal Agent is to cease to effect any further Liquidation of the Collateral (if such 
Liquidation is taking place), save that any transaction entered into in connection with the Liquidation 
on or prior to the date such Enforcement Notice was given shall be settled and the Disposal Agent 
shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle such transaction and/or that are incidental 
thereto. 
(c) 
Enforcement of Security 
In order to enforce the Security, the Trustee may: 
(i) 
sell, call in, collect and convert the Mortgaged Property into money in such manner and on 
such terms as it shall think fit, and the Trustee may, at its discretion, take possession of all 
or part of the Mortgaged Property over which the Security shall have become enforceable;

--- Page 164 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
164 
(ii) 
take such action, step or proceeding against any Collateral Obligor as it deems appropriate 
but without any liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders or any other Secured Creditor 
as to the consequence of such action, step or proceeding; and 
(iii) 
take any such other action or step or enter into any such other proceedings as it deems 
appropriate (including, without limitation, taking possession of all or any of the Mortgaged 
Property and/or appointing a receiver) as are permitted under the terms of the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action, step or proceeding in relation to the 
enforcement of the Security without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. When taking any action, step or proceeding in relation to the enforcement of the 
Security, the Trustee shall be entitled to do so without having regard to the effect of such action, 
step or proceeding on individual Noteholders or Couponholders or any other Secured Creditor. 
15 Application of Available Proceeds 
(a) 
Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation 
The Issuer shall, on each Issuer Application Date, apply the Available Proceeds as they stand on 
each such date as follows: 
(i) 
firstly, where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (if any, in its capacity as Transferor under 
the Credit Support Annex) was greater than zero, in payment of an amount (as determined 
by the party responsible for determining such amounts under the Swap Agreement and such 
amount being a “CSB Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) 
the value of the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) that was used in 
determining the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) payable 
under the Swap Agreement and (III) the value of the amounts owing to the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such 
amounts are owing (the excess of the value referred to in (III) above the value referred to in 
(II) above, if any, the “Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the Swap 
Counterparty; 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of, or reserving for, the Issuer’s share of any present or 
future taxes owing or expected to be owing by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities 
(if any) incurred by the Trustee, and (if applicable) any receiver or Appointee, under the Trust 
Deed and the other Transaction Documents (including, but not limited to, any taxes required 
to be paid by the Trustee, payments under any indemnity in favour of the Trustee and the 
Trustee’s remuneration); 
(iv) 
fourthly, pari passu, in payment or satisfaction of (A) any amounts owing to the Custodian for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of 
the Transaction Documents relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Collateral, (B) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Transaction 
Documents to any person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (C) any fees, 
costs, charges, losses, expenses and liabilities then due and payable to the (i) the Agents 
under the Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (ii) to the Custodian 
under the Custody Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of the Disposal Agent Fees;

--- Page 165 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
165 
(vi) 
sixthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement (which, to the extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with Condition 15(a)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Swap 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(vii) 
seventhly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of the relevant Corporate Services 
Provider Fees owing by the Issuer; 
(viii) 
eighthly, in payment of (A) any Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, (B) any 
Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (C) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the Noteholders; and 
(ix) 
ninthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the Noteholders, 
save that no such application shall be made at any time following an Enforcement Notice having 
been given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation. 
If, following the Initial Issuer Application Date, the Issuer receives any sum from the Mortgaged 
Property, the Issuer shall send a notice to the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Disposal 
Agent (where there is one), the Swap Counterparty of the same as soon as is practicable upon 
receiving any such sum. 
(b) 
Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security 
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, with effect from the date on which 
any Enforcement Notice is given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, 
the Trustee will hold the Available Proceeds received by it under the Trust Deed on trust to apply 
them as they stand on each Trustee Application Date as follows: 
(i) 
firstly, where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (if any, in its capacity as Transferor under 
the Credit Support Annex) was greater than zero, in payment of an amount (as determined 
by the Swap Counterparty or the party responsible for determining such amounts under the 
Swap Agreement and such amount being a “CSB Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) 
the Available Proceeds, (II) the value of the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance 
(VM) that was used in determining the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement) payable under the Swap Agreement and (III) the value of the amounts owing to 
the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be zero 
if no such amounts are owing (the excess of the value referred to in (III) above the value 
referred to in (II) above, if any, the “Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the 
Swap Counterparty; 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of, or reserving for, the Issuer’s share of any present or 
future taxes owing or expected to be owing by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities 
(if any) incurred by the Trustee and (if applicable) any receiver or Appointee in preparing and 
executing the trusts under the Trust Deed and carrying out its functions under the Trust Deed 
and the other Transaction Documents (including, but not limited to, any taxes required to be 
paid by the Trustee, the cost of realising any Security, payments under any indemnity in 
favour of the Trustee and the Trustee’s remuneration);

--- Page 166 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
166 
(iv) 
fourthly, pari passu, in payment or satisfaction of (A) any amounts owing to the Custodian for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of 
the Transaction Documents relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Collateral, (B) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Transaction 
Documents to any person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (C) any fees, 
costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities then due and payable to the Agents and to 
the Custodian under the Transaction Documents; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of any Disposal Agent Fees incurred in respect of any 
Liquidation prior to such Trustee Application Date and which have not already been paid to 
the Disposal Agent pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation); 
(vi) 
sixthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement (which, to the extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with Condition 15(b)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Swap 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(vii) 
seventhly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of the relevant Corporate Services 
Provider Fees owing by the Issuer; 
(viii) 
eighthly, in payment of (A) any Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, (B) any 
Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (C) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the Noteholders; and 
(ix) 
ninthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the Noteholders. 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation. 
If the amount of moneys available to the Trustee for payment in respect of the Notes under this 
Condition 15(b) at any time following the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice in accordance with 
the Conditions, other than where the Mortgaged Property has been exhausted, amount to less than 
10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, the Trustee shall not 
be obliged to make any payments under this Condition 15(b) and, if it does not make any such 
payments, it may, at its discretion, place and retain such amounts on deposit as provided in 
Condition 15(c) (Deposits) and accumulate the resulting income and shall retain the deposits and 
accumulations until (A) such deposits and accumulations, together with any other funds for the time 
being under the Trustee’s control and available for such payment (including funds resulting from the 
enforcement of the Security), amount to at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding or (B) the Mortgaged Property is exhausted and then, in each case, 
such amounts, accumulations and funds (after deduction of, or provision for, any applicable taxes 
and Negative Interest) shall be applied as specified in this Condition 15(b). 
(c) 
Deposits  
Moneys held by the Trustee may, at its discretion, be deposited in its name in an account bearing 
a market rate of interest (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be required to obtain 
best rates, be responsible for any loss occasioned by such deposit or exercise any other form of 
investment discretion with respect to such deposits) in the name or under the control of the Trustee 
at such bank or other financial institution and in such currency as the Trustee may, in its absolute 
discretion, think fit in light of the claims under Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of

--- Page 167 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
167 
Enforcement of Security) and not for the purposes of generating income. If such moneys are placed 
on deposit with a bank or financial institution which is a subsidiary, holding company, affiliate or 
associated company of the Trustee, it need only account for an amount of interest equal to the 
standard amount of interest payable by it on such a deposit to an independent customer. The 
Trustee may at any time convert any moneys so deposited into any other currency and will not be 
responsible for any resulting loss whether due to depreciation in value, fluctuations in exchange 
rates or otherwise. The Issuer, the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
acknowledge and agree that, if the interest rate in respect of certain currencies is a negative value, 
the application thereof will result in amounts being debited from funds held by such bank or financial 
institution. 
(d) 
Insufficient Proceeds 
If, following a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event, the available cash sums pursuant to 
Conditions 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) are insufficient for the Noteholders to receive payment in full 
of (i) any Early Redemption Amount that has become due and payable, (ii) any Final Redemption 
Amount that has become due and payable and/or (iii) any interest or Instalment Amount that has 
become due and payable on the Maturity Date, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest 
accrued thereon, the Noteholders will receive an amount which is less than any such amount, and 
the provisions of Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) will apply. 
(e) 
Foreign Exchange Conversion 
To the extent that any proceeds payable to any party pursuant to this Condition 15 are not 
denominated in the relevant currency of such Secured Payment Obligation (the “Payment 
Currency”), then the minimum amount of such proceeds that are required to be converted into the 
Payment Currency in order to meet such Secured Payment Obligation shall be converted into the 
Payment Currency at such rate or rates, in accordance with such method and as at such date as 
may be reasonably specified by the Disposal Agent (prior to the Trustee enforcing the Security 
pursuant to the Trust Deed and as described in Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)) or the 
Trustee (following the Trustee enforcing the Security pursuant to the Trust Deed and as described 
in Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)), but having regard to current rates of exchange, if 
available. Any rate, method and date so specified shall be binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders, 
the Couponholders, the Swap Counterparty and the Custodian.  
(f) 
Swap Counterparty Failure to Pay after Maturity 
If, on or after the day falling five Reference Business Days after the Maturity Date of the Notes (such 
fifth Reference Business Day, the “Maturity Cut-off Date”): 
(i) 
there are amounts that have become payable under the Swap Agreement by the Swap 
Counterparty and which remain unpaid as at the Maturity Cut-off Date or there are obligations 
that were required to be settled by delivery from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer on or 
prior to the Maturity Date and which have not been so settled as at the Maturity Cut-off Date; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated, deemed to be designated or 
occurred under the Swap Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition, 
then the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary

--- Page 168 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
168 
Resolution, exercise its right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement. 
16 Enforcement of Rights or Security 
(a) 
Notes 
Subject always to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may pursue the remedies against 
the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons, 
and no Noteholder or Couponholder is entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to 
do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. In respect of any failure by the Issuer 
to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or Instalment Amount that 
became due and payable on the Maturity Date, the Trustee may not pursue any remedies against 
the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons 
until after the Relevant Payment Date and the Trustee shall have no liability to any person for any 
loss which may arise from such delay. 
(b) 
Security 
Only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance with, and 
subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Indemnity, Security and/or Pre-funding 
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding whether 
pursuant to the Trust Deed or otherwise without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction. 
17 Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(a) 
General Limited Recourse 
The obligations of the Issuer to pay any amounts due and payable in respect of a Series and to the 
other Transaction Parties at any time in respect of a Series shall be limited to the proceeds available 
out of the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series at such time to make such payments in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds). Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein, or in any Transaction Document, in respect of a Series, the Transaction 
Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property 
in respect of the Series, subject always to the Security, and not to any other general assets of the 
Issuer. If, after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series is exhausted (whether following 
Liquidation or enforcement of the Security or otherwise) and (ii) application of the Available 
Proceeds as provided in Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds), any outstanding claim, 
debt or liability against the Issuer in relation to the Notes of the Series or the Transaction Documents 
relating to the Series remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability, as the case may 
be, shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following 
extinguishment in accordance with this Condition 17(a), none of the Transaction Parties, the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer, or any of its officers, shareholders, members, 
incorporators, corporate service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the 
extinguished claim, debt or liability and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer, or 
any of its officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors 
in respect of such further sum in respect of the Series.

--- Page 169 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
169 
(b) 
Non-Petition 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person acting on 
behalf of any of them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting 
or joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors or any of their assets, and none of 
them shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any other 
Obligations issued or entered into by the Issuer (save for any further notes which form a single 
series with the Notes) or any other assets of the Issuer.  
Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing, the Trustee may lodge a claim in the liquidation of 
the Issuer which is initiated by another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment 
as to the obligations of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Survival 
The provisions of this Condition 17 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the Notes of 
any Series or the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document in respect of any Series. 
18 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes (whether in definitive or global form), 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
19 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(i) 
Convening meetings 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of any of the Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document and to give any authority, direction or sanction required by, inter alia, 
Conditions 5 (Security), 6 (Restrictions), 8 (Redemption and Purchase), 11 (Agents) or 14 
(Enforcement of Security) to be given by Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting (A) may 
be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee, (B) shall be convened by the Issuer in the 
circumstances specified in Conditions 8(g) (Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event) and (C) shall be convened by the Trustee if it receives a written request from 
Noteholders holding at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding and is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  
(ii) 
Quorum 
The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two 
or more Noteholders or agents present in person holding or representing a clear majority in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
Noteholders or agents present in person holding or representing whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (A) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the 
Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the 
Notes, (B) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any

--- Page 170 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
170 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (C) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount 
of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (D) to vary 
any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount, (E) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or the currency or 
currencies of the denomination of the Notes, (F) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, (G) to modify Condition 5 (Security) or to hold an Extraordinary 
Resolution for purposes of Condition 5(b) (Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of Collateral), 
(H) to modify Conditions 15 (Application of Available Proceeds) and 17 (Limited Recourse 
and Non-Petition), (I) to modify Conditions 8(b) (Redemption by Instalments) to (m) 
(Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default) or (J) to modify the scenarios 
listed in (A) to (I) above, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing at least 75 per cent. or, at any adjourned meeting, at least 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with the 
Trust Deed (the “special quorum”). In circumstances in which there is only one Noteholder 
in respect of all the Notes then outstanding, the quorum for all purposes shall be one.  
The holder of a Global Note or Global Registered Certificate shall (unless such Global Note 
or Global Registered Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as two persons for the 
purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Voting 
On a show of hands, every person who is present in person and who produces a Bearer 
Note, a Registered Certificate of which he is the registered holder or a voting certificate or is 
a proxy or representative has one vote. On a poll, every such person has one vote in respect 
of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of such Series so produced or 
represented by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on all Noteholders (whether or 
not they were present at, or participated in, the meeting at which such resolution was passed) 
and on the holders of Coupons, Receipts and Talons. 
The Trust Deed provides that (A) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or 
(B) where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or clearing systems, 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by 
way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems 
of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by 
or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding shall, in each case for all purposes (including matters that would 
otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the special 
quorum was satisfied), be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. A written resolution referred to in (A) may 
be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Noteholders. A written resolution and/or electronic consent referred to 
in (A) and (B) will be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts 
whether or not they participated in such written resolution or electronic consent. 
Where electronic consents are not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
written resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely

--- Page 171 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
171 
on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the 
case may be, (I) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements relating to the 
relevant Global Note or Global Registered Certificate and/or (II) where the accountholders 
hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent 
or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (I) above, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in 
the case of (II) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the 
relevant clearing system. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or 
print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or EasyWay systems or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal 
amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither 
the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid 
or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued 
by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
(v) 
Single meeting for more than one Series 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the holders of the 
Notes of separate Series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
For the purposes of this Condition 19(a): 
(A) 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of Noteholders and Couponholders of a single 
Series; and 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of 
which a meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the holders of such Notes, respectively. 
(b) 
Modification and Waiver of the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders:  
(i) 
agree to any modification to the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error;  
(ii) 
agree to any modification to, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach by the Issuer of, the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document 
that is, in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders (but such power in this paragraph (ii), in relation to modifications only, 
does not extend to any such modification as would require a special quorum resolution for 
approving the same, as specified in the Trust Deed); and 
(iii) 
determine that an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Enforcement Event shall not 
be treated as such, provided that, in the Trustee’s opinion, the interests of the Noteholders 
will not be materially prejudiced thereby, 
provided however, that the Trustee shall not agree to any waiver or authorisation pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above or make any determination pursuant to paragraph (iii) above in contravention 
of an express direction of Noteholders given by an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 172 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
172 
In connection with the appointment or replacement of any Agent or the Custodian, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, make such amendments to the 
Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to reflect such 
appointment or replacement. The Trustee shall agree to such amendments without seeking the 
consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at 
the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the amendments described in this paragraph of Condition 19(b) 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to such amendments if, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, such amendments would (A) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (B) impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any 
Series. 
Any modification, authorisation, waiver or determination as is made or given under this Condition 
19(b) shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified to the 
Noteholders by the Issuer as soon as is practicable. The Issuer shall notify each Rating Agency 
then rating the Notes at the request of the Issuer of any modification made by it in accordance with 
this Condition 19(b). 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to certain conditions 
specified in the Trust Deed and subject to such other requirements as the Trustee may direct in the 
interests of the Noteholders, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders but subject 
to the prior written consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty, to the substitution of any other 
company in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substitute company, as the principal debtor under 
the Trust Deed and the Notes, provided that Rating Agency Affirmation has been received and 
provided to the Trustee at the time of substitution from each Rating Agency (if any) then rating the 
outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer. In the case of such a substitution, the Trustee may 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes and/or 
the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document, provided that such change would not, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
(i) 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to 
in this Condition 19) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a 
class and, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected 
with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or otherwise to the tax 
consequences thereof, and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the Trustee, any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax arising in consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
(ii) 
So long as any Global Note is, or any Notes represented by a Global Registered Certificate 
are, held on behalf of a clearing system, in considering the interests of Noteholders, the 
Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its 
operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or 
participants with entitlements to any such Global Note or the Registered Notes and may

--- Page 173 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
173 
consider such interests and treat such accountholders or participants on the basis that such 
accountholders or participants were the holder(s) thereof. 
20 Replacement of Notes, Registered Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Registered Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority regulations, at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) or of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Certificates) 
or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may, from time to time, be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Registered Certificate, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Note, Registered Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Registered Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
21 Further Issues and Amendments to the Transaction Documents 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders but 
subject to Condition 6 (Restrictions), create and issue further notes either having the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest 
on them, issue date, issue price and principal amount) and so that such further issue shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes or upon such terms as the Issuer may 
determine at the time of their issue.  
Any such further notes shall only form a single series with the Notes (unless otherwise approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution) if:  
(i) 
the Issuer provides additional Collateral (as security for such further notes) which is fungible 
with, and has the same proportionate composition as, the existing Collateral and in the same 
proportion as the proportion that the principal amount of such new notes bears to the Notes; 
and (as applicable)  
(ii) 
the Issuer enters into an additional or supplemental Swap Agreement, with the Swap 
Counterparty and which extends to the new notes or extends the terms of any existing Swap 
Agreement to the new notes on terms no less favourable than such existing documents and 
agreements, as applicable.  
Any new notes forming a single series with the Notes shall be constituted and secured by a deed 
supplemental to the Trust Deed, such further security shall be added to the Mortgaged Property so 
that the new notes and the existing Notes shall be secured by the same Mortgaged Property (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, all the holders of the first and all later Tranches of Notes shall benefit 
from the Mortgaged Property on a pari passu basis as between such holders) and references in the 
Conditions to “Notes”, “Original Collateral”, “Collateral”, “Mortgaged Property”, the “Swap 
Agreement”, “Secured Payment Obligations” and “Secured Creditor” shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 174 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
174 
(b) 
Swap Amendments 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree with the Swap 
Counterparty to amend the Swap Agreement, (such amendments, the “Swap Amendments”), 
provided that:  
(i) 
the purpose and effect of the Swap Amendments are to: 
(A) 
ensure that the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder match any amounts 
receivable by the Issuer under the Original Collateral, including (but not limited to) 
following the addition of Original Collateral in respect of further Notes pursuant to 
Condition 21(a) (Further Issues); 
(B) 
ensure that the Swap Counterparty’s payment obligations thereunder match any 
amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and other liabilities, including 
(but not limited to) following (I) the making of any Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event), (II) the making of any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(i) (Occurrence of an 
Original Collateral Disruption Event) and (III) the issue of further Notes pursuant to 
Condition 21(a) (Further Issues); or 
(C) 
effect the changes referred to in Condition 5(c)(ii); 
(ii) 
the Swap Amendments do not require a special quorum resolution; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Swap Amendments Certificate”) to the 
Trustee that (A) the purpose of the Swap Amendments is solely as set out in paragraphs 
(i)(A) to (i)(C) above and (B) the Swap Amendments do not require a special quorum 
resolution.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Swap Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Swap Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall 
agree to the Swap Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders 
or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Swap 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the 
Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Swap Amendments if, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, the Swap Amendments would (A) expose the Trustee to any liability 
against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (B) 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document of any Series. 
(c) 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred in respect 
of a Series, it may notify the Issuer and the Transaction Parties of any modifications that it 
determines are required to be made to the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document (except 
for the Programme Deed) (such amendments, the “Regulatory Requirement Amendments”) in 
order to cause: 
(i) 
the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction Documents to be 
compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; or

--- Page 175 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
175 
(iii) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as 
issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in 
compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
If the Issuer receives such a notice from the Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, promptly make the Regulatory Requirement Amendments, 
provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred in respect of the 
Notes; 
(B) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments will not: 
(I) 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any 
date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes; 
(II) 
reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Notes; 
(III) 
reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or vary the method or basis 
of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any 
Interest Amount in respect of the Notes; 
(IV) 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount; 
(V) 
exchange or substitute the Original Collateral; or 
(VI) 
have a material adverse effect on the validity, legality or enforceability of the Security 
or on the priority and ranking of the Security; 
(C) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected 
Transaction Documents (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed) and the Trustee; and 
(D) 
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that (I) the purpose of the Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments is solely as set out in Conditions 21(c)(i) to 21(c)(iii) and (II) the Regulatory 
Requirement Amendments satisfy the requirements of paragraph (B) above.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur 
with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the Regulatory Requirement Amendments would (x) expose the 
Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties 
or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall not 
have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to 
the Issuer and the Transaction Parties that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred.

--- Page 176 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
176 
Any Regulatory Requirement Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the Transaction Parties, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
22 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and be deemed to have been given on the day it is delivered in the case of recorded delivery 
and three days (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of inland post or seven days (excluding 
Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of overseas post after despatch or if earlier when delivered, save 
that, for purposes only of determining any Early Redemption Trigger Date, the relevant Early Redemption 
Notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date despatched.  
Notices to the holders of Definitive Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe. If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall 
be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided 
above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Definitive Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 22. 
Notices required to be given in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered 
Certificate may be given by their being delivered (so long as the Global Note or the Global Registered 
Certificate, as applicable, is held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Note or the 
Global Registered Certificate, as applicable, rather than by publication as described above. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the Reference Business Day 
immediately following the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
In addition, if and for so long as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, all notices to holders of the 
Notes will be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange. 
23 Indemnification and Obligations of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee, for its relief from responsibility 
including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Collateral and for the validity, value, 
sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the Security created over the 
Mortgaged Property. The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any step, action or proceeding under 
the Trust Deed unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. The Trustee and 
any Affiliate of the Trustee are entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any Collateral 
Obligor, the Swap Counterparty or any of their subsidiaries, holding or associated companies without 
accounting to the Noteholders or Couponholders for profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the 
Mortgaged Property, from any obligation to insure or to procure the insurance of the Mortgaged Property 
and from any claim arising from the fact that the Collateral will be held in safe custody by the Custodian. 
The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person of its 
obligations to the Issuer and under the Transaction Documents and may assume these are being 
performed unless and until it has written notice to the contrary. 
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee does not assume 
any duty or responsibility to the Swap Counterparty, the Disposal Agent, the Custodian, the Issuing and

--- Page 177 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
177 
Paying Agent or any other Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay to any of 
such parties any moneys received and repayable to it and to act in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Trust Deed) and shall have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders. 
24 Ineligible Investors 
(a) 
Rights of the Issuer 
The Issuer may: 
(i) 
at any time, compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes to certify 
that such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is not an Ineligible Investor; 
(ii) 
refuse to honour the transfer of a Note, a Coupon or a beneficial interest in Notes to the 
extent such transfer is to or for the benefit of an Ineligible Investor; and 
(iii) 
compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes that is an Ineligible 
Investor to: 
(A) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to a person who is not an 
Ineligible Investor; or 
(B) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to the Issuer at a price equal 
to the aggregate of: 
(I) 
the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived from the sale of an 
amount of the Collateral for the Series (equal to the proportion that the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be transferred bears to the 
aggregate principal amount of all Notes of such Series outstanding on the 
transfer date) net of any taxes, costs or charges incurred on such sale (provided 
that the principal amount of Collateral to be sold shall be rounded down to the 
nearest amount that would be capable of being delivered, assigned or 
transferred); and 
(II) 
any termination payment payable in respect of the corresponding partial 
termination of the Swap Agreement for the Series (expressed as a positive 
number if such amount would be payable to the Issuer or a negative amount if 
such amount would be payable by the Issuer). 
(b) 
Deemed representations, agreements and acknowledgments 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of a Note, will, on each date on which such 
person (x) accepts delivery of the Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer and the Programme, a 
standalone prospectus produced by the Issuer in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes or other 
offering document in respect of such Notes and (y) purchases such Note or beneficial interest, be 
deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes or such beneficial interest have been acquired in an offshore transaction (as such 
term is defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act); 
(ii) 
it is not an Ineligible Investor; 
(iii) 
to the extent it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other person is not 
an Ineligible Investor;

--- Page 178 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
178 
(iv) 
no person has registered, nor will register, as a “commodity pool operator” of the Issuer under 
the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission Rules thereunder; 
(v) 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and it will not, at 
any time during the term of the Notes, offer, sell, pledge, otherwise transfer or, in the case of 
Notes in bearer form, deliver Notes or any interest therein within the United States to, or for 
the account or benefit of, any person who is an Ineligible Investor; 
(vi) 
the Issuer may: 
(A) 
at any time, compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes to 
certify that such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is not an Ineligible 
Investor; 
(B) 
refuse to honour the transfer of a Note, a Coupon or a beneficial interest in Notes to 
the extent such transfer is to or for the benefit of an Ineligible Investor; and 
(C) 
compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes that is an Ineligible 
Investor to: 
(I) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to a person who is not 
an Ineligible Investor; or 
(II) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to the Issuer at a price 
equal to the aggregate of: 
(1) 
the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived from the sale 
of an amount of the Collateral for the Series (equal to the proportion that 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be transferred bears to 
the aggregate principal amount of all Notes of such Series outstanding 
on the transfer date) net of any taxes, costs or charges incurred on such 
sale (provided that the principal amount of Collateral to be sold shall be 
rounded down to the nearest amount that would be capable of being 
delivered, assigned or transferred); and 
(2) 
any termination payment payable in respect of the corresponding partial 
termination of the Swap Agreement for the Series (expressed as a 
positive number if such amount would be payable to the Issuer or a 
negative amount if such amount would be payable by the Issuer); 
(vii) 
each Global Note, Definitive Bearer Note and Registered Certificate shall bear such legends 
as the Issuer may require; 
(viii) 
any transfer by such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner to or for the benefit of an 
Ineligible Investor at any time during the term of the relevant Note will be of no force and 
effect, will be void ab initio, and will not operate to transfer any rights to the transferee, 
notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the Issuer, the Registrar, the Trustee or 
any intermediary; and 
(ix) 
the Issuer, the Dealer and its Affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing representations, agreements and acknowledgments.

--- Page 179 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
 
179 
25 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, except and to the extent (if any) that the Notes expressly provide for such Act 
to apply to any of their terms. 
26 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.  
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
(“Proceedings”) shall be brought in such courts.  
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 180 ---
BELGIAN CONSUMER CONDITIONS ANNEX 
 
180 
BELGIAN CONSUMER CONDITIONS ANNEX 
1 
Incorporation and Interpretation 
(a) 
Belgian Consumer Conditions Annex  
This “Belgian Consumer Conditions Annex” applies to any Series of Notes where “Sale to 
Belgian Consumers” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, for which purposes 
the terms and conditions of the Notes shall be the Master Conditions, as amended and 
supplemented by the additional conditions set out in this Belgian Consumer Conditions Annex 
(the “Additional Belgian Note Conditions”), as further completed, amended, supplemented 
and or/varied by the applicable Issue Terms.  
(b) 
Defined Terms 
Certain terms are defined in the Additional Belgian Note Conditions. Capitalised terms used but 
not defined in this Belgian Consumer Conditions Annex shall have the meanings given to them 
in the Master Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms.  
Other than with respect to Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition), in the case 
of any inconsistency between: (i) the Master Conditions and the Additional Belgian Note 
Conditions, the Additional Belgian Note Conditions will prevail; (ii) the Master Conditions and 
the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms will prevail and (iii) the Additional Belgian 
Note Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, the Additional Belgian Note Conditions will 
prevail. 
2 
Provisions relating to early redemption 
(a) 
Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Early Redemption Event 
Following the determination of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent shall determine whether the occurrence of such Early Redemption 
Event results from a Force Majeure Event. In making such determination, the Calculation Agent 
may obtain whatever legal advice that it determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be 
necessary in order to make such determination.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event has 
resulted from a Force Majeure Event, it shall notify the Issuer in accordance with Master 
Condition 22 (Notices) (with a copy to the Custodian, Issuing and Paying Agent, Swap 
Counterparty and Trustee) of its determination and the Notes shall be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date pursuant to Additional Belgian Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption Following 
the Occurrence of an Early Redemption Event which is a Force Majeure Event).  
If the Calculation Agent determines that the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event has not 
resulted from a Force Majeure Event, it shall notify the Issuer in accordance with Master 
Condition 22 (Notices) (with a copy to the Custodian, Issuing and Paying Agent, Swap 
Counterparty and Trustee) of its determination and the Notes shall be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date pursuant to Additional Belgian Note Condition 2(c) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Early Redemption Event which is not a Force Majeure Event).

--- Page 181 ---
BELGIAN CONSUMER CONDITIONS ANNEX 
 
181 
(b) 
Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Early Redemption Event which is a Force 
Majeure Event 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event which has resulted from a Force 
Majeure Event, each Note will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount in accordance with the relevant provisions of Master Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase) save that, for the purposes of a Series of Notes to which the 
Additional Belgian Note Conditions apply, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Note 
shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Fair Market Value of such Note on 
the Early Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Early Redemption Event which is not a 
Force Majeure Event 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event which has not resulted from a Force 
Majeure Event, each Note will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount in accordance with the relevant provisions of Master Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase) save that, for the purposes of a Series of Notes to which the 
Additional Belgian Note Conditions apply, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Note shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Fair Market Value of such Note on the Early Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
the Additional Reimbursement Amount of such Note. 
(d) 
Definitions  
The following definitions shall apply to this Additional Belgian Note Condition 2: 
“Additional Reimbursement Amount” means, in respect of each Note, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the total costs of the Issuer and/or the Arranger (including, without limitation, any structuring 
costs) paid by an initial Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the quotient of: 
(a) 
the number of calendar days falling in the period commencing on, but excluding, the 
Early Redemption Trigger Date and ending on, and including, the Maturity Date of the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
the number of calendar days falling in the period commencing on, but excluding, the 
Issue Date of the Notes and ending on, and including, the Maturity Date of the Notes, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. For the avoidance of doubt, the total costs of the Issuer and/or the Arranger shall not include 
amounts paid or payable as a selling commission to any distributor. 
“Early Redemption Event” means, in respect of a Series, events pursuant to which the Notes will 
be early redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 8(c) (Redemption upon Original 
Collateral Default), Condition 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 8(e) (Redemption 
for Original Collateral Call), Condition 8(f) (Redemption for Termination of Swap Agreement), 
Condition 8(g) (Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), Condition 8(h) (Redemption 
Following an Illegality Event), Condition 8(i) (Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption 
Event), Condition 8(j) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event), Condition 8(k) (Redemption 
Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), Condition 8(l) (Redemption Following Exercise of

--- Page 182 ---
BELGIAN CONSUMER CONDITIONS ANNEX 
 
182 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option) or Condition 8(m) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of 
an Event of Default).  
“Fair Market Value” means, in respect of a Note, an amount in the Specified Currency which shall 
be determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent as 
the fair market value of the Note, on the Early Valuation Date, determined by reference to such 
factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation (a) market 
prices or values for any Original Collateral and other relevant economic variables (such as interest 
rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time taking into account the bid or offer prices 
of any Original Collateral and such other relevant economic variables; (b) the remaining term of the 
Notes had they remained outstanding until the scheduled Maturity Date and/or any scheduled early 
redemption or exercise date; (c) if applicable, accrued interest; (d) the value of any Termination 
Payments that would be due upon close-out of the Swap Agreement for the relevant Series; (e) 
internal pricing models, (f) future selling commissions payable to the distributor(s) and (g) any other 
information which the Calculation Agent considers to be relevant (excluding the event which resulted 
in such early redemption), provided that Noteholders will not be charged any costs incurred by the 
Issuer and/or any Transaction Party in connection with such early redemption. 
“Force Majeure Event” means any event or circumstance which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, definitively prevents the performance by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or 
the Swap Counterparty of any of their respective obligations under the Notes or the Swap Agreement 
and for which the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or the Swap Counterparty (as the case may be) 
is not accountable and which renders the continuation of the Notes definitively impossible, which may 
include, without limitation, any permanent unavailability of communications system, failure of or 
interruptions in power supply or network computer systems, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of 
God, civil commotion, riots, insurrection, terrorism, acts of war, strikes or similar industrial action or 
illegality. 
3 
Amendments to Master Condition 9 (Calculations, Determinations, Rounding, 
Reference Rate Events and Original Collateral Disruption Events) 
(a) 
Amendments to Master Condition 9(a) (Determination and Publication of Rates of 
Interest, Interest Amounts, any Final Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption 
Amount and any Instalment Amounts) 
Master Condition 9(a) (Determinations and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, 
any Final Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment Amounts) 
shall be amended by inserting the words “Subject to Condition 9(j) (Calculations and 
Determinations – General),” at the start thereof. 
(b) 
Deletion of Master Condition 9(f) (Calculation Agent Determination Standard) 
Master Condition 9(f) (Calculation Agent Determination Standard) shall be deleted in its entirety.  
(c) 
Inclusion of new Master Condition 9(j) (Calculations and Determinations – General) 
A new Master Condition 9(j) (Calculations and Determinations – General) shall be inserted at 
the end of Master Condition 9 as follows:  
“(j) 
Calculations and Determinations – General 
(i) 
Where the Conditions provide that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may make 
determinations, modifications or adjustments in or at its discretion that relate to the 
essential characteristics (interpreted as set out below) of the Notes, the Issuer or the

--- Page 183 ---
BELGIAN CONSUMER CONDITIONS ANNEX 
 
183 
Calculation Agent will make such determinations acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and in a manner such that the relevant determinations, modifications or 
adjustments would not result in a significant imbalance (interpreted as set out below) 
in the rights and obligations of the Issuer to Noteholders when compared to the rights 
and obligations the Issuer had to Noteholders prior to such determinations, 
modifications or adjustments in a way that would to the detriment of the Noteholders.  
(ii) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions (but excluding any 
modification of the Conditions pursuant to Condition 19(b) (Modification and Waiver of 
the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Notes in accordance 
with the Conditions (other than modifications or adjustments that do not relate to 
essential characteristics of the Notes) or redeem the Notes prior to their Maturity Date 
in accordance with the Conditions, where such modification, adjustment or redemption 
is effected in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) dated 28 
February 2013 (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the “CEL”), 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable provisions pertaining to unfair 
contract terms.  
(iii) 
The Issuer and the Calculation Agent will use reasonable efforts to comply with the 
relevant provisions of the CEL in the application of the Conditions of the Notes. In such 
case, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions but without 
prejudice to the penultimate paragraph of this Condition 9(j), any provisions of the 
Conditions which are deemed unfair in whole or in part pursuant to the CEL shall not 
apply to the extent deemed unfair.  
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 19(b) and the provisions of Additional Belgian Note Condition 2 
(Provisions relating to Early Redemption), the Noteholders will not be charged any 
costs for the modification or adjustment of the Conditions or for the early redemption of 
the Notes before their Maturity Date.  
(v) 
For the purposes of these Additional Belgian Note Conditions and, where applicable, 
the Conditions, whether: 
(A) 
a determination, modification or adjustment relates to the essential 
characteristics of the Notes;  
(B) 
the manner of making a determination, modification or adjustment results in a 
significant imbalance in the rights and obligations of the Issuer to Noteholders 
when compared to the rights and obligations the Issuer had to Noteholders prior 
to such determination, modification or adjustment in a way which would be to 
the detriment of the Noteholders; 
(C) 
an Early Redemption Event has occurred as a result of a Force Majeure Event; 
(D) 
modification, adjustment or redemption is effected in compliance with the 
provisions of the CEL;  
(E) 
any provisions of the Conditions are deemed unfair in whole or in part; and  
(F) 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent has complied with provisions of the CEL in 
application of the Conditions of the Notes,  
will, in each case, be determined in accordance with applicable Belgian law (in 
particular the CEL). All other provisions of the Conditions, these Additional Belgian Note

--- Page 184 ---
BELGIAN CONSUMER CONDITIONS ANNEX 
 
184 
Conditions and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in relation to them shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.  
(vi) 
If any part(s) of the Conditions or of any determination, modification or adjustment 
referred to in this Condition 9(j) are found to be (i) inapplicable, (ii) prohibited, (iii) unfair 
or (iv) otherwise non-compliant with Belgian law, including the CEL, in any applicable 
judicial proceedings for reasons referred to in this Condition 9(j) (each an “Inapplicable 
Provision”), then each part of such Inapplicable Provision shall be deemed to be 
removed and all remaining parts of the provisions of the Conditions or the relevant 
determination, modification or adjustment following such removal shall remain 
operative and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders.  
(vii) 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, all calculations made by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final, 
conclusive and binding on Noteholders. Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation agent 
assumes any obligation or relationship of agency or trust or of a fiduciary nature for or 
with any Noteholder.”.

--- Page 185 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
185 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue, or entry into, of a Tranche will be used by the Issuer to purchase the 
Original Collateral specified in the Issue Terms for such Tranche (which may be from the Vendor pursuant 
to the Collateral Sale Provisions) and/or to make any payment under any Swap Agreement relating thereto, 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms for such Tranche. 
Any initial payment due from the Swap Counterparty under any Swap Agreement relating to a Tranche of 
Notes will also be used in acquiring the relevant Original Collateral and, where applicable, in making 
payment of certain upfront costs and expenses, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms for such 
Tranche.

--- Page 186 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
186 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated in Ireland as a public limited company with unlimited duration on 17 February 
2014 with the name dbInvestor Solutions 2 plc. The Issuer changed its name to Palladium Securities 
Ireland plc on 27 November 2023. The Issuer is registered at the Companies Registration Office, Dublin, 
Ireland, under number 539687 under the Part 17 of the Companies Act 2014. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at Block A, George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland 
and the telephone number of the Issuer is +353 1 9631 030. The Issuer has been established as a special 
purpose vehicle for the purpose, inter alia, of issuing asset backed securities. The authorised share capital 
of the Issuer is EUR 40,000 divided into 40,000 Ordinary Shares of EUR 1 each (“Shares” and each a 
“Share”). 
The Issuer has issued 38,100 Shares, all of which are fully paid. Each is held either directly or indirectly by 
three charitable trust companies. The issued Shares are held directly or indirectly by three Irish companies 
limited by guarantee, Registered Shareholder Services No.1 Company Limited by Guarantee, Registered 
Shareholder Services No.2 Company Limited by Guarantee and Registered Shareholder Services No.3 
Company Limited by Guarantee (the “Charitable Trusts”) on trust for charitable purposes. Each of 
Registered Shareholder Services No.3 Company Limited by Guarantee and Registered Shareholder 
Services No. 2 Company Limited by Guarantee directly hold 12,699 Shares. Registered Shareholder 
Services No.1 Company Limited by Guarantee directly holds 12,702 Shares. Each of the issued Shares are 
held on trust by the holders thereof (each holder a “Share Trustee” and, together, the “Share Trustees”) 
under the terms of a declaration of trust (each a “Declaration of Trust” and, together, the “Declarations 
of Trust”), under which the relevant Share Trustee holds its Shares on trust for charitable purposes. The 
Share Trustees have no beneficial interest in and derive no benefit (other than, in the case of the Charitable 
Trusts, any fees for acting as Share Trustee) from their holding of the Shares. 
Business 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to the restrictions set out in 
Condition 6 and the Trust Deed. 
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of EUR 38,100 representing the issued and 
paid-up share capital, such fees (as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with the issue of Securities 
or the purchase, sale or incurring of other obligations and any Mortgaged Property and any other assets on 
which the Securities are secured. Save in respect of the fees generated in connection with each issue of 
Securities, any related profits and the proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such fees or 
from amounts representing the Issuer’s issued and paid-up share capital, the Issuer will not accumulate any 
surpluses. 
The Issuer has made no principal investments and the management body of the Issuer has made no firm 
commitments for any principal future investments, in each case other than issuing Securities, if applicable, 
and entering into related arrangements. The objects of the Issuer are set out in its Memorandum and Articles 
of Association, which are available as described in “General Information”. The Issuer’s business is the issue 
of securities based on investor demand and earning fees in connection with such activity. 
The Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of, or guaranteed in any way by, the Share 
Trustees or the Trustee. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, the Arranger, 
any Swap Counterparty or any Agent. 
There are no recent events which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency.

--- Page 187 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
187 
Capitalisation 
The capitalisation of the Issuer as at the date of this Programme Section is as follows. 
Shareholders’ Funds: 
Share capital: EUR 38,100 
(Authorised EUR 40,000; Issued 38,100 Ordinary Shares of EUR 1 each). Save for the issues of Securities 
described in the Securities Section and their related arrangements, the Issuer has no borrowings or 
indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, 
liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent 
liabilities. 
Directors and Company Secretary 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Director 
 
principal outside activities 
Eimear Cahill  
Employee of Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited 
Cliona O’Faolain 
Managing Director of Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited 
Niall O’Carroll  
Retired Accountant and Company Director 
The business address of Eimear Cahill and Cliona O’Faolain is c/o Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) 
Limited, Block A, George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland and the business address of Niall 
O’Carroll is “Thurleigh”, Upper Churchtown Road, Dundrum, Dublin 14, Ireland. 
The Company Secretary is Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited.  
The administrator of the Issuer is Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited, Block A, George’s Quay 
Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Its duties include the provision of certain administrative, accounting 
and related services. The appointment of the administrator may be terminated and the administrator may 
retire upon three months’ notice subject to the appointment of an alternative administrator on similar terms 
to the existing administrator. Eimear Cahill and Cliona O’Faolain are employees of the administrator.  
Financial Statements 
The financial year end of the Issuer is 30 June. 
Each year, a copy of the audited profit and loss account and balance sheet of the Issuer together with the 
report of the directors and the auditors thereon is required to be filed in the Irish Companies Registration 
Office within 28 days of the annual return date of the Issuer and is available for inspection. The profit and 
loss account and balance sheet can be obtained free of charge from the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent. The Issuer must hold an annual general meeting in each calendar year and the gap between 
its annual general meetings must not exceed 15 months. 
The auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young, Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Street, Dublin 2, Ireland (a member 
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland) whose responsibilities, as independent auditors, are 
established in Ireland by statute, the Auditing Practices Board and by their profession’s ethical guidance.

--- Page 188 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
 
188 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE ISSUER 
The following is only a summary of certain provisions of the Articles and is subject to the express terms of 
the Articles which are binding on all Noteholders. Potential investors should also refer to the Articles which 
are available for inspection as set out in “General Information” below. The Articles are incorporated by 
reference in full into this Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms used in this section shall bear the meaning of 
the terms defined in the Articles. 
As described in paragraph 3 of the Issuer’s Articles (as amended from time to time), the principal objects of 
the Issuer are:  
(a) 
to carry on the business of entering into financial transactions, including but without limitation 
securitising, purchasing, acquiring, holding, collecting, discounting, financing, negotiating, managing, 
warehousing, selling, disposing of and otherwise trading or dealing directly or indirectly in real or 
personal property of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, (i) securities, instruments or 
obligations of any nature whatsoever, howsoever, described, (ii) derivatives, financial assets of 
whatsoever nature howsoever described, (iii) trade accounts, receivables and book debts of 
whatsoever nature howsoever described, (iv) foreign currencies, (v) commodities, and (vi) plant and 
machinery) and any proceeds arising therefore or in relation thereto and any participation of interest 
(whether legal or equitable) therein and any certificates of participation or interest (whether legal or 
equitable) there in and any agreements in connection therewith; and 
(b) 
to exercise and enforce all rights and powers conferred by or incidental to the ownership or holding 
of any of the foregoing or of any legal or equitable interest therein including, without limitation, the 
enforcement of any security interest in relation thereto.

--- Page 189 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
 
189 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
The information set out below has been obtained from Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. Such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Address 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Country of Incorporation 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Nature of business 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (“Deutsche Bank”) originated from the reunification of Norddeutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Hamburg, Rheinisch-Westfälische Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Duesseldorf and 
Süddeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Munich; pursuant to the Law on the Regional Scope of Credit 
Institutions, these had been disincorporated in 1952 from Deutsche Bank which was founded in 1870. The 
merger and the name were entered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt am Main on 
02 May 1957. Deutsche Bank is a banking institution and a stock corporation incorporated under the laws 
of Germany under registration number HRB 30 000. It maintains its head office in Frankfurt am Main and 
branch offices in Germany and abroad including in London. 
The objects of Deutsche Bank, as laid down in its articles of association, include the transaction of all kinds 
of banking business, the provision of financial and other services and the promotion of international 
economic relations. Deutsche Bank is set-up into four divisions: a Corporate Bank, Investment Bank, Private 
Bank and an asset manager, DWS. The Investment Bank combines Deutsche Bank’s Fixed Income & 
Currencies, Corporate Finance, as well as Deutsche Bank Research. It focuses on its traditional strengths 
in financing, advisory, fixed income and currencies. It provides strategic advice to corporate clients and 
includes a focused equity capital markets business, an equity and macro research capacity as well as a 
targeted equity sales force. 
Admission to trading of securities 
Deutsche Bank has securities admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the New York Stock 
Exchange. 
Further information about Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft can be found at https://www.db.com/legal-
resources.

--- Page 190 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN 
 
190 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN  
The information set out below has been obtained from Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, no facts have been omitted that would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch is the London branch of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. On 12 
January 1973 Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft filed in the United Kingdom the documents required 
pursuant to section 407 of the Companies Act 1948 to establish a place of business within Great Britain. 
On 14 January 1993, Deutsche Bank registered under Schedule 21A to the Companies Act 1985 as having 
established a branch (Registration No. BR000005) in England and Wales. Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch is an authorised person for the purposes of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft originated from the reunification of Norddeutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Hamburg, Rheinisch-Westfälische Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Duesseldorf and 
Süddeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Munich; pursuant to the Law on the Regional Scope of Credit 
Institutions, these had been disincorporated in 1952 from Deutsche Bank which was founded in 1870. The 
merger and the name were entered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt am Main on 
02 May 1957. Deutsche Bank is a banking institution and a stock corporation incorporated under the laws 
of Germany under registration number HRB 30 000. The Bank has its registered office in Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany. It maintains its head office at Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main and branch 
offices in Germany and abroad including in London, New York, Sydney, Tokyo and an Asia-Pacific Head 
Office in Singapore which serve as hubs for its operations in the respective regions. The Bank is the parent 
company of a group consisting of banks, capital market companies, fund management companies, 
property finance companies, instalment financing companies, research and consultancy companies and 
other domestic and foreign companies. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is authorised and regulated by the European Central Bank and the 
German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). With respect to activities undertaken in the UK, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority. It is subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. 
Details about the extent of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft’s authorisation and regulation by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority are available from Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft on request.

--- Page 191 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
 
191 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
The information set out below has been obtained from Deutsche Trustee Company Limited. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited is an English company registered under company number 338230 
authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Deutsche Trustee Company Limited is a trust 
corporation and acts as trustee for eurobond issues, other forms of complex financing structures and loan 
capital issues. Deutsche Trustee Company Limited has an authorised share capital of £5,150,000 and is 
wholly owned by its ultimate parent Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
has acted as trustee on numerous asset-backed securities transactions, including as trustee on various auto 
loan and auto lease securitisation transactions.

--- Page 192 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
192 
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is a Swap Agreement. 
General 
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement and Credit Support 
Annex, each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Any Swap Agreement will be governed by the 
laws of England and Wales. 
In addition to the consent of the Swap Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of a 
Swap Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the Trust Deed) also 
agree to any modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed as 
such). 
Definitional Booklets 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Document, as amended and supplemented up to the Trade Date shall be 
incorporated into the relevant Swap Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2006. 
ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, and the terms of the swap transaction set 
out in the relevant Issue Document, the terms of the swap transaction in the relevant Issue Document shall 
prevail. 
Payments 
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and 
vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse obligations and will 
be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in respect of the Original 
Collateral relating to such Notes. 
The payments required between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement are 
designed to ensure that, following the making of such payments, the Issuer will have such funds, when 
taken together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or received 
in respect of the Original Collateral relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations 
under such Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, 
its obligation: 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Original Collateral relating to the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount; and/or 
(iii) 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses to Agents, the Custodian, rating agencies, 
accountants, auditors or other service providers which fees and expenses are associated with or 
are attributable to such Notes. 
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to Series 
depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement.

--- Page 193 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
193 
In summary, the Issuer shall pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount equal to the aggregate scheduled 
interest and/or principal amount (including the aggregate amount repayable if called in accordance with its 
terms and conditions on the Expected Call Date, if applicable) due on any Original Collateral it has agreed 
to purchase on or around the Issue Date in respect of the Notes of the particular Series, in each case 
assuming no deduction for or on the account of any withholding tax, back-up withholding or other tax, 
duties or charges of whatever nature imposed by any authority of any jurisdiction, on each date on which 
a scheduled payment of interest amount or principal amount is due to a holder of the Original Collateral. If 
the Original Collateral Obligor has not validly exercised the call option exercisable under the terms and 
conditions of the Original Collateral for which an Expected Call Date has been specified on or around such 
Expected Call Date, the Issuer shall continue to pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount equal to the 
aggregate scheduled interest and/or principal amounts due on such Original Collateral to and including the 
termination date of the transaction for the relevant Series. The Swap Counterparty shall pay to the Issuer 
the aggregate of each Interest Amount that is payable by the Issuer to a holder in respect of the Notes on 
the related Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes then outstanding and the aggregate of either (i) 
each Final Redemption Amount that is payable by the Issuer to a holder in respect of the Notes on the 
Maturity Date of the Notes for the relevant Series or (ii) where the Notes are Instalment Notes, each 
Instalment Amount that is payable to a holder in respect of the Notes on the related Instalment Date in 
respect of the Notes then outstanding all interest amounts and principal amounts that are due to the 
Noteholder under the Notes for the particular Series. 
The Swap Counterparty shall also agree to pay to the Issuer, on each periodic date agreed between the 
parties, an amount agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty to be equal to the ongoing 
periodic Transaction Specific Costs of Party B in connection with the Notes of the relevant Series.  
In addition, collateral may be transferable to or from the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex. As with 
payments under the Swap Agreement, the provisions of the Credit Support Annex will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is 
no restriction upon the provisions that may be agreed under the Credit Support Annex. 
Events of Default 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) relating 
to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of the Swap 
Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Issuer are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement 
required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Issuer to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than any payment 
or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by it, if not remedied 
within the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Issuer disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or challenging the 
validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Issuer in the Swap Agreement proving to be incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or 
substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, another 
entity in circumstances where the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 194 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
194 
The Events of Default which relate to the Swap Counterparty are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than 
any payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by it, 
if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or 
challenging the validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement proving to be 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Swap Counterparty; and 
(vi) 
the Swap Counterparty consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring 
all or substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, 
another entity in circumstances where (a) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume 
all the obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement or any credit support 
document (for example, a guarantee) relating thereto or (b) the benefits of any credit support 
document relating to the Swap Agreement fail to extend (without the consent of the entity providing 
the credit support) to the performance by such resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its 
obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Swap Agreement, the non-defaulting party may give 
a notice of termination designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement on the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date or the Relevant Payment Date in respect of the Series, as applicable. 
Termination Events 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Termination Events” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) the 
occurrence of any of which may lead to termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement. These include: 
(i) 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events (in the case of illegality, including with 
respect to any member of the Swap Counterparty’s group); 
(ii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax 
law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into of the 
relevant Swap Transaction(s); 
(iii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty; 
(iv) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is itself 
caused by a termination of the Swap Agreement);  
(v) 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so 
pursuant to the Conditions; 
(vi) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction or 
withholding imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 or 881 of 
the Code;

--- Page 195 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
195 
(vii) 
the Issuer breaching any of the covenants in the Trust Deed; 
(viii) 
the occurrence of certain regulatory events, including, amongst others: 
(a) 
the imposition of clearing or risk mitigation requirements to the extent such requirements 
were not applicable when the Swap Agreement was entered into; 
(b) 
the imposition of a financial transactions tax; 
(c) 
either party becoming materially and adversely restricted in its ability to perform its obligations 
under an outstanding Swap Transaction or would be required to post additional collateral to 
any person; or 
(d) 
the designation of a party as an “AIFM” or an “AIF” pursuant to Directive 2011/61/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (otherwise known as “AIFMD”) or any similar concept under any comparable 
legislation in the United Kingdom, 
which results from (I) the Dodd-Frank Act, (II) the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, (III) the 
U.S. Federal Reserve Act of 1913, (IV) the Regulation of the European Parliament and the Council 
on OTC Derivatives, Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories (otherwise known as “EMIR”), 
(V) MiFID II, (VI) the Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (otherwise known as “MIFIR”), (VII) AIFMD, 
(VIII) any change in any applicable law or (IX) any arrangements or understandings that the Swap 
Counterparty or any of its Affiliates may have made or entered into with any regulatory agency with 
respect to its or any of their legal entity structure or location, where (I) to (VII) above shall in each 
case also include any similar concept under comparable legislation in the United Kingdom, including 
as they form part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ix) 
if, due to any change in law, any payment obligations under the Swap Agreement that would 
otherwise be denominated in euro cease to be denominated in euro or it would be unlawful, 
impossible or impracticable to pay or receive those payments in euro; and 
(x) 
any amendment is made to the Conditions and/or a Transaction Document which adjusts the 
amount, timing or priority of any payments or deliveries due between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty under the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents, unless the Swap Counterparty 
has consented in writing to such amendment. 
The occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Issuer and/or 
the Swap Counterparty, as provided in the Swap Agreement (depending, amongst other things, on who is 
the “Affected Party” (as defined in the Swap Agreement)), to terminate the Swap Agreement. If the event 
described in paragraph (iv) above occurs, an Early Termination Date will be deemed to have been 
designated by the Swap Counterparty (or the Issuer where the early redemption of the Notes arises as a 
result of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) without the need for a notice of termination. The 
occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs (v) to (x) above will entitle the Swap Counterparty 
to terminate the Swap Agreement.  
Early Termination Amount 
In connection with any “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the Swap Agreement), either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the “Early Termination Amount” (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and whether such amount is payable from the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty or vice versa. Which of the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer determines the Early 
Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination of the Swap Agreement. Where the 
termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting party who makes the 
determination. Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the Swap Agreement will

--- Page 196 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
196 
specify for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in certain circumstances, that 
both parties will make such determination). 
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the party 
making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and obligations that 
have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as 
the “Close-out Amount”) and taking into account the value of any collateral posted between the parties 
pursuant to any Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement. 
The termination currency in respect of a Swap Agreement will be the Specified Currency, which will be set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Termination following Satisfaction of Issuer Call Condition 
If “Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Swap Agreement will terminate early following 
satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition which may occur where: 
(i) 
if “Optional Termination Trigger” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Swap Counterparty 
elects an optional termination under the Swap Agreement; or 
(ii) 
if “Autocall Termination Trigger” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the calculation agent 
under the Swap Agreement determines that the sum of (x) the value of the Original Collateral and 
(y) the anticipated termination value of the Swap Agreement, is equal to or greater than the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been met on a particular date; or  
(iii) 
any other event specified in the applicable Issue Terms as constituting an Issuer Call Condition is 
determined to have occurred. 
(iv) 
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms and, at any prior 
time to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted pursuant to Condition 
5(c) (Substitution of Original Collateral), the provisions relating to any Issuer Call Condition shall no 
longer apply. 
The occurrence of the events described in (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Swap Counterparty or the 
calculation agent under the Swap Agreement, as provided in the Swap Agreement, to deliver a notice 
specifying the date on which the Swap Agreement will terminate. Where the Swap Agreement terminates 
early in these circumstances, no Early Termination Amount is calculated or payable by either party, with 
each party instead paying such amounts as set out in the terms of the Swap Agreement following 
satisfaction of the applicable Issuer Call Condition. 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit Support Annex with the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. If (i) “Applicable – Payable by Issuer” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, credit support will be provided by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (but not 
from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer), (ii) “Applicable – Payable by Swap Counterparty” is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, credit support will be provided by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (but 
not from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty) and (iii) “Applicable – Payable by Issuer and Swap 
Counterparty” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, both the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty will 
provide credit support to each other. If “Not Applicable” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
neither party will provide credit support to each other and there will be no Credit Support Annex for that 
Series. Where a Credit Support Annex is entered into it shall form part of the Swap Agreement. 
The Credit Support Annex will be in the form of the ISDA 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin 
(VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements Subject to English Law) Copyright © 2016 by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., subject to certain amendments. The sections below

--- Page 197 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
197 
provide a summary of the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and of certain terms used in the Credit 
Support Annex, but do not necessarily set out such terms in full. 
Delivery and Return of Credit Support 
Under the Credit Support Annex, a party required to provide credit support is known as a “Transferor” and 
the recipient of such credit support is known as the “Transferee”.  
A Transferor will be required to transfer credit support if its Delivery Amount (VM) for the relevant Valuation 
Date exceeds what is known as the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferor. Credit support will be 
transferred on a title transfer basis. 
A Delivery Amount (VM) arises if the Exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under the Swap 
Agreement exceeds the value at that time of the credit support then provided by the Transferor (known as 
the Transferor’s “Credit Support Balance (VM)”), but with the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) 
being adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being transferred (by either 
party) as if it had been transferred. The “Delivery Amount (VM)” will be equal to such Exposure minus the 
value of such credit support. 
If the Delivery Amount (VM) does exceed the Transferor’s Minimum Transfer Amount, the Transferor can 
then be required to transfer “Eligible Credit Support (VM)” having a Value equal to the Delivery Amount 
(VM).  
The credit support comprising Eligible Credit Support (VM) is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) will typically comprise cash in an “Eligible Currency” and may also comprise 
specified securities. For the purposes of determining how much Eligible Credit Support (VM) is required to 
be provided as credit support, each item of credit support is given a Value (see “Value and Exposure” 
below).  
Once a Transferor has provided credit support, it may be entitled to receive assets of the same type back 
from the Transferee if the parties’ exposure to one another under the Swap Agreement, or the Value of the 
credit support, changes. The amount a Transferor is entitled to receive back is known as a Return Amount 
(VM).  
A Return Amount (VM) arises if the Value of the credit support comprised in the Transferor’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM) (again adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being 
transferred (by either party) as if it had been transferred) exceeds the exposure of the Transferee to the 
Transferor under the Swap Agreement. The “Return Amount (VM)” will be equal to such Credit Support 
Balance (VM) minus such Exposure. 
If the Return Amount (VM) for a Valuation Date exceeds the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferee, 
the Transferee is required to transfer credit support of the same type, nominal value, description and 
amount as that comprised in the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (known as “Equivalent Credit 
Support (VM)”), up to an aggregate amount having a Value equal to that Return Amount (VM). 
If the operation of the Credit Support Annex requires credit support to be provided by the Issuer as 
Transferor to the Swap Counterparty as Transferee, the Issuer would use the Collateral to satisfy its 
obligation. 
If the “Delivery Cap” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms (the “Delivery Cap”), the 
Issuer’s obligation as Transferor to transfer Eligible Credit Support (VM) shall at no time exceed the Value 
of the Collateral that is then held by or on behalf of the Issuer that comprises Eligible Credit Support (VM). 
If “Delivery Cap” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms, such limitation shall not 
apply and, accordingly, there is a possibility that the Collateral available to the Issuer for transfer might not 
have a sufficient Value to enable the Issuer to satisfy a Delivery Amount (VM). This would be in a case 
where the exposure of the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement exceeds the 
aggregate Value of the Collateral held by the Issuer and the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) at that

--- Page 198 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
198 
time. Any failure of the Issuer to deliver a Delivery Amount (VM) in full would comprise an Event of Default 
under the Swap Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap 
Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early redemption of 
the relevant Series.  
The “Minimum Transfer Amount” of a Transferor will be USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series) or such lower amount as is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if not so specified, zero; provided that, at any time and from 
time to time, the Swap Counterparty may designate any amount lower than USD 500,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency as at the time of designation) as the Minimum Transfer Amount for either party at that 
time.  
Any deliveries of credit support are subject to rounding. Cash will be rounded up to the nearest whole unit 
whereas securities will be rounded up to the nearest denomination in the case of a Delivery Amount (VM) 
and down to the nearest denomination in the case of a Return Amount (VM).  
Value and Exposure 
The “Exposure” of a party (“X”) to the other (“Y”) under the Swap Agreement represents the amount, if 
any, that would be payable to X by Y (expressed as a positive number) or by X to Y (expressed as a 
negative number) under the Swap Agreement if it were terminated, but calculated on a mid-market basis.  
The “Value” of an item of credit support will be determined:  
• 
for cash, by taking the equivalent amount of that cash in the Base Currency and by then multiplying 
by a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage minus, if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut 
Percentage; and 
• 
for securities, by taking the value in the Base Currency of the bid price for that security obtained by 
the Valuation Agent (which may include a bid price quoted by itself in good faith in a commercially 
reasonable manner) and by then multiplying by a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage 
minus, if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut Percentage.  
The “Valuation Percentage” for an item of credit support will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
but provided that if at any time the Valuation Percentage assigned to an item of Eligible Credit Support 
(VM) with respect to a party (as the Transferor) under the Credit Support Annex is greater than the 
maximum permitted valuation percentage (prescribed or implied) for such item of collateral under any law 
requiring the collection of variation margin applicable to the other party (as the Transferee), then the 
Valuation Percentage with respect to such item of Eligible Credit Support (VM) and such party will be such 
maximum permitted valuation percentage. 
The “Base Currency” means the currency in which the Series is denominated, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. An “Eligible Currency” will mean the Base Currency and each other 
currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The “FX Haircut Percentage” means, with respect to a party as the Transferor and an item of Eligible 
Credit Support (VM) or Equivalent Credit Support (VM), eight per cent., unless the Eligible Credit Support 
(VM) or Equivalent Credit Support (VM) is in the form of cash in a Major Currency or is denominated in a 
currency that matches an Eligible Currency, in which case the FX Haircut Percentage will be zero per cent. 
As used above, “Major Currency” means any of (i) United States Dollar, (ii) Canadian Dollar, (iii) Euro, 
(iv) United Kingdom Pound, (v) Japanese Yen, (vi) Swiss Franc, (vii) New Zealand Dollar, (viii) Australian 
Dollar, (ix) Swedish Kronor, (x) Danish Kroner, (xi) Norwegian Krone, (xii) South Korean Won or any other 
currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 199 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
199 
Timings and Methodology of Calculations and Transfers 
Under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, the Valuation Agent will determine whether a Delivery 
Amount (VM) or Return Amount (VM) arises in relation to each Valuation Date, as well as making other 
valuations required under the Credit Support Annex. The “Valuation Agent” will be the Swap Counterparty 
provided that following the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event in respect of the Valuation Agent, a 
replacement Valuation Agent shall be appointed. Such replacement Valuation Agent will be chosen either 
by the Issuer or by the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution. 
A “Valuation Date” will be each day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, unless the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that different dates apply.  
If transfer of credit support is required and relevant notices are received (or are deemed to have been 
received) by applicable cut-off times, then the relevant transfer is required to be made not later than the 
close of business on the Regular Settlement Day relating to the date of the relevant demand.  
“Regular Settlement Day” means, with respect to a date of demand, (i) for cash or other property (other 
than securities) that would have been transferred into the relevant bank account specified by the recipient 
on the date of demand had the instruction for transfer been given on such date of demand, the same local 
business day as the date of demand; (ii) for any other cash or other property (other than securities), the 
next local business day and (iii) for securities, the first local business day after such date on which 
settlement of a trade in the relevant securities, if effected on such date, would have been settled in 
accordance with customary practice when settling through the clearance system agreed between the 
parties for delivery of such securities or, otherwise, on the market in which such securities are principally 
traded (or, in either case, if there is no such customary practice, on the first local business day after such 
date on which it is reasonably practicable to deliver such securities). 
However, if under any law requiring the collection or posting by the Swap Counterparty of variation margin, 
the Swap Counterparty is at that time required to collect or post variation margin on a shorter timeframe in 
respect of the Swap Agreement, Regular Settlement Day shall mean the same local business day as the 
date of demand. 
Exchanges 
A Transferor is entitled to inform the Transferee that it wishes to exchange credit support comprised in its 
Credit Support Balance (VM) for alternative Eligible Credit Support (VM). In such case, the Transferor and 
Transferee will be obliged to exchange the relevant credit support on the timings set out in the Credit 
Support Annex.  
Distributions and Interest Amounts 
Where Distributions arise in respect of credit support comprised in a Transferor’s Credit Support Balance 
(VM), the Transferee is required to transfer cash, securities or other property of the same type, nominal 
value, description and amount as such Distributions, to the extent that this would not create or increase a 
Delivery Amount (VM).  
“Distributions” means, with respect to Eligible Credit Support (VM) comprised in the Credit Support 
Balance (VM) of a Transferor that comprises securities, all principal, interest and other payments and 
distributions of cash or other property that would have been received by a Relevant Holder of securities of 
the same type, nominal value, description and amount as such Eligible Credit Support (VM) from time to 
time, provided that Distributions shall be gross of any taxes, costs or other charges that may have been 
imposed on a payment of principal, interest or other payment or distribution to such a Relevant Holder. For 
this purpose, “Relevant Holder” means a hypothetical holder having the same legal form and being 
incorporated and domiciled in the same jurisdiction as the relevant Transferee. 
If cash is provided as credit support, interest will be payable by the Transferee periodically at the applicable 
rate. Interest will be calculated in respect of each day (but will not be subject to daily compounding).

--- Page 200 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
200 
For cash provided to the Swap Counterparty, the relevant “Interest Rate (VM)” will be the Interest Rate 
(VM) specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is specified, the rate determined by the 
Swap Counterparty acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
For cash provided to the Issuer, the relevant “Interest Rate (VM)” will be the Custodian’s standard 
overnight rate (which may be positive or negative) offered for deposits in the relevant currency as of the 
relevant time as determined by the Custodian.  
If the relevant Interest Rate (VM) results in the relevant interest amount being a negative number, the 
absolute value of such interest amount shall instead be payable by the Transferor. 
Legally Ineligible Credit Support 
The Credit Support Annex contains provisions that enable a party to deliver a notice that items that then 
comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM) will cease to comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM). Such notice can 
be delivered if the Transferee determines that the relevant items either have ceased to satisfy, or as of a 
specified date will cease to satisfy, collateral eligibility requirements under laws applicable to the 
Transferee requiring the collection of variation margin. Any credit support in the Transferor’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM) that does not comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM) will be given a Value of zero. If the Swap 
Counterparty delivers such a notice to the Issuer, the Issuer is unlikely to have any other Collateral 
available to it to provide to the Swap Counterparty as Eligible Credit Support (VM) and, as a result, such 
legal ineligibility would be likely to lead to an event of default under the Swap Agreement if not remedied 
within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. 
Such termination would result in an early redemption of the relevant Series. 
Early Termination 
On any Early Termination Date being designated or deemed to occur under the Swap Agreement, the 
party to whom collateral has been posted shall not be obliged to return such collateral or equivalent 
collateral, but instead the Value of such collateral (but for this purpose without applying any Valuation 
Percentage or FX Haircut Percentage) shall be deemed to be owed to the transferor for the purposes of 
calculating the termination payment under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 201 ---
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
 
201 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
The Security may include a fixed charge over the Collateral which may be held by or through the 
Custodian through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or an alternative clearing 
system (each, a “clearing system”). The charge is intended to create a property interest in the 
Collateral in favour of the Trustee to secure the Issuer’s liabilities. 
However, where the Collateral is held through a clearing system, neither the Issuer nor the 
Custodian is the legal owner of the Collateral itself but instead they merely have interests in that 
Collateral. As between the Issuer and the Custodian, such interests arise from the Custody 
Agreement. In turn, the Custodian will have rights either against an intermediary (such as a sub-
custodian) or as an accountholder in the clearing system, the clearing system will have rights 
against the common depositary or the nominee, as the case may be, for the clearing system and 
such common depositary or nominee, as the case may be, will, as legal owner, have rights against 
the issuer of the Collateral. As a result, where Collateral is held in a clearing system, the Security 
will take the form of an assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian under the Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be, rather than a charge over the Collateral itself.

--- Page 202 ---
TAXATION 
 
202 
TAXATION 
Belgian Taxation 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding of 
the Notes by an investor in Belgium. This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, 
to hold or to dispose of the Notes. This summary is based on Belgian tax legislation, treaties, rules, and 
administrative interpretations and similar documentation, in force as of the date of the publication of this 
Base Prospectus, without prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date, even if implemented 
with retroactive effect. This summary does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Notes that 
are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or redemption of 
such Notes or any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or redemption. 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
Under Belgian tax law, “interest” income includes: (i) periodic interest income; (ii) any amount paid by the 
Issuer in excess of the issue price (whether or not on the maturity date); and (iii) if the Notes qualify as 
“ﬁxed income securities” (in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, the “BITC”), 
in the case of a realisation of the Notes between two interest payment dates, the interest accrued during 
the detention period. “Fixed income securities” include Notes where there is a causal link between the 
amount of interest income and the detention period of the Notes, on the basis of which it is possible to 
calculate the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Notes during their lifetime. 
Further, on 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the tax treatment of 
income from structured products the return of which is linked to an underlying value (share basket, index, 
etc.) and the terms and conditions of which include one or more of the following features: (a) a (conditional) 
minimum return; (b) capital protection; (c) a periodic coupon payment; and (d) determination of income at 
an intermediary stage using a “ratchet” system. The circular letter takes the position that such structured 
products qualify as “fixed income securities” and sets out a formula to calculate the pro rata of accrued 
interest. It is debatable whether the general statements made in the circular letter are in line with Belgian 
tax legislation. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to 
a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-
Belgian withholding taxes) subject to such reductions or exemptions as may be available under Belgian 
domestic or treaty law. 
Belgian Income Tax rules applicable to natural persons resident in Belgium  
For Belgian resident individuals, the 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax. 
This means that they do not have to declare any interest obtained on the Notes in their personal income 
tax return, provided withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. Nevertheless, Belgian resident 
individuals may elect to declare any interest received on Notes in their personal income tax return. Also, if 
no Belgian withholding tax has been withheld (e.g. because the interest is paid outside Belgium without 
the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or because it concerns the pro rata of accrued interest in the 
case of a sale of the Notes), any interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) 
must be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared in this way will in 
principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), 
taking into account the taxpayer’s other declared income, if this results in lower taxation) and no local 
surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited against the income tax liability. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except if the capital gains are 
realised outside the scope of the management of one’s private estate or except to the extent that the capital

--- Page 203 ---
TAXATION 
 
203 
gains qualify as interest (as deﬁned above in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses 
are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes not as a private investment but in 
the framework of their professional activity or when the transactions with respect to the Notes fall outside 
the scope of the normal management of their own private estate. 
Belgian resident corporations  
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors (i.e. corporations subject to Belgian corporate income tax) 
on the Notes and capital gains realised on the disposal or settlement of the Notes will in principle be subject 
to Belgian corporate income tax at the rate of in principle 25 per cent. Subject to certain conditions, small 
companies (as defined in Article 1:24, § 1 to § 6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the 
“BCAC”) are taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% on the first tranche of taxable profits 
of EUR 100,000. 
If non-Belgian withholding tax has been levied on the interest, a foreign tax credit may be applied against 
the Belgian tax due. The foreign tax credit is determined by reference to a fraction where the numerator is 
equal to the rate of the foreign tax with a maximum of 15 and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the 
amount of the numerator (with a number of additional limitations).  
Capital losses on the Notes are in principle tax deductible.  
For Belgian resident corporations, interest payments on the Notes (except for Notes which are zero coupon 
securities or which provide for the capitalisation of interest) made through a paying agent in Belgium may 
under certain specific circumstances be exempt from withholding tax, provided a special attestation is 
delivered. The Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with 
the applicable legal provisions.  
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC. 
Organisation for financing pensions  
Interest derived on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes will not be subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax in the hands of Belgian Organisations for Financing Pensions (“OFPs”). Capital 
losses incurred by OFPs on the Notes will not be tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian 
withholding tax that has been levied on the Notes is creditable and refundable in accordance with the 
applicable legal provisions. 
Other Belgian legal entities  
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax treatment in 
Belgium with respect to the Notes.  
Payments of interest (as deﬁned in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”) on the Notes made 
through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. However, if no Belgian withholding tax has 
been withheld (e.g. because the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian 
paying agent or because it concerns the pro rata of accrued interest in the case of a sale of the Notes), 
the legal entity itself is liable to declare the interest to the Belgian tax administration and to pay the 30 per 
cent. withholding tax to the Belgian treasury.  
Capital gains realised on the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except to the extent the capital gain qualifies 
as interest (as deﬁned in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses on the Notes are 
in principle not tax deductible.

--- Page 204 ---
TAXATION 
 
204 
Non-residents of Belgium 
The interest income (as deﬁned in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”) on the Notes paid to a 
Belgian non-resident outside of Belgium, i.e. without the intervention of a professional intermediary in 
Belgium, is not subject to Belgian withholding tax. Interest income on the Notes paid through a Belgian 
professional intermediary will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax, unless the 
holder is resident in a country with which Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers 
the requested affidavit. Nevertheless, interest income paid through a professional intermediary established 
in Belgium will be made without deduction of Belgian Withholding Tax, provided that such professional 
intermediary qualifies as a recognised credit institution, exchange company or clearing or settlement 
institution and pays such interest to certain qualifying credit institutions, financial intermediaries, clearing 
and settlement institutions or portfolio management companies established outside of Belgium, referred to 
in Article 261, para. 4 of the BITC (“Qualifying Intermediaries”). Payments of interest to non-Qualifying 
Intermediaries collected through a professional intermediary established in Belgium will also be made 
without deduction of Belgian Withholding Tax, provided that interest is paid through a Belgian credit 
institution, a Belgian stock market company or a Belgian clearing or settlement institution and provided 
that such non-Qualifying Intermediary delivers an affidavit to the intermediary in which it certifies that the 
beneficial owners (i) are non-residents for Belgian income tax purposes, (ii) have not held the Notes as 
part of a taxable business activity in Belgium, and (iii) are the legal owner, or hold the usufruct of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders using the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a permanent 
establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident corporations (see above).  
Non-resident holders who do not allocate the Notes to a professional activity in Belgium are not subject to 
Belgian income tax, save, as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax.  
Belgian tax on stock exchange transactions 
The purchase and sale of the Notes on the secondary market that is (i) either entered into or carried out in 
Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the case 
if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, 
either by a private individual with habitual residence in Belgium or by a legal entity for the account of its 
seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”), will be subject to a tax on 
stock exchange transactions (“taks op beursverrichtingen” / “taxe sur les operations de bourse”). The tax 
is generally due at a rate 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments and at a rate of 0.35 per cent. 
for transactions in other securities which are not capitalisation shares, with a maximum amount per 
transaction and per party of €1,300 for debt instruments and €1,600 for other securities which are not 
capitalisation shares. The tax is due separately from each of the seller/transferor and the 
purchaser/transferee and is collected by the professional intermediary. 
If the professional intermediary is established outside Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions is 
due by the ordering private individual or legal entity (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock 
exchange tax return and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due) unless that 
individual or entity can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been 
paid by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign 
professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a 
qualifying order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the day on which 
the relevant transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and 
duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent 
day-today listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside 
Belgium have the possibility to appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain 
conditions and formalities (a “Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative will then be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions 
on behalf of clients that fall within one of the aforementioned categories (provided that these clients do not

--- Page 205 ---
TAXATION 
 
205 
qualify as exempt persons for stock exchange tax purposes – see below) and to comply with the reporting 
obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (borderel/bordereau) in that respect. If such 
a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the 
Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their 
own account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided they deliver an attestation to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional 
investors as defined in Article 1261, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous tax and duties (Code des droits et 
taxes divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen). 
As indicated in the section relating to the ‘Proposed Financial Transactions Tax’, the European 
Commission has published a proposal for a Financial Transactions Tax. This proposal currently stipulates 
that once the Financial Transactions Tax enters into force, the participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the Financial Transactions Tax (or value 
added tax as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 on the common system 
of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once 
the Financial Transactions Tax enters into force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the 
participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Pursuant to the Belgian Law of 17 February 2021 on the introduction of an annual tax on securities 
accounts, an annual tax is levied on securities accounts with an average value, over a period of twelve 
consecutive months starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, higher 
than EUR 1 million. 
The tax is equal to 0.15 per cent. of the average value of the securities accounts during a reference period. 
The reference period normally runs from 1 October to 30 September of the subsequent year. The first 
reference period ran from 26 February 2021 to 30 September 2021. The taxable base is determined based 
on four reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount of the tax is 
limited to 10 per cent. of the difference between the taxable base and the threshold of EUR 1 million. 
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective 
as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in 
Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies 
and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium. Belgian establishments 
from Belgian non-residents are however treated as Belgian residents or purposes of the annual tax on 
securities accounts so that both Belgian and foreign securities accounts fall within the scope of this tax.  
Note that pursuant to certain double tax treaties, Belgium has no right to tax capital. Hence, to the extent 
the annual tax on securities accounts is viewed as a tax on capital within the meaning of these double tax 
treaties, treaty protection may, subject to certain conditions, be claimed. 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each 
holder is jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration 
requirements for all holders.  
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for 
their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the BITC, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by Article 1, §3 of the 
Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment companies and (iv) 
the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 on access to the

--- Page 206 ---
TAXATION 
 
206 
activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio management and 
investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold financial instruments 
for the account of customers. 
The annual tax on securities accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or located 
in Belgium. Otherwise, the annual tax on securities accounts needs to be declared and is due by the holder 
of the securities accounts itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the annual tax on securities 
accounts has already been withheld, declared and paid by an intermediary which is not established or 
located in Belgium. In that respect, intermediaries located or established outside of Belgium could appoint 
an annual tax on securities accounts representative in Belgium. Such a representative is then liable 
towards the Belgian Treasury (Trésor/Thesaurie) for the annual tax on securities accounts due and for 
complying with certain reporting obligations in that respect. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is 
liable for reporting obligations (e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an 
average value higher than EUR 1 million), the deadline for filing the tax return for the annual tax on 
securities accounts corresponds with the deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax 
purposes electronically, irrespective whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the 
latter case, the annual tax on securities accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year 
following the year on which the tax was calculated, at the latest. 
Anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying from 30 October 2020, were also introduced: a rebuttable 
general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. However, on 27 October 
2022, the Belgian Constitutional Court annulled the two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions and the 
retroactive effect of the general anti-abuse provision. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to follow up and seek their own professional advice in relation to 
this new annual tax on securities accounts and the possible impact thereof on their own personal tax 
position. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain Irish tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition 
of the Notes. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. The summary 
relates only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and may not 
apply to certain other classes of persons such as dealers in securities. The summary does not apply to 
Transactions other than the Notes. 
The summary is based upon Irish tax laws and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to prospective or retroactive change. The 
summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the Irish or other tax 
consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes including, in particular, 
the effect of any state or local tax laws. 
Income Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide income 
whereas persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on their Irish source income. 
All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish taxation on a self-assessment basis and 
there is no requirement for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment. 
A Note issued by the Issuer may be regarded as property situate in Ireland (and hence Irish source income) 
on the grounds that a debt is deemed to be situate where the debtor resides. However, the interest earned 
on a Note is exempt from Irish income tax if it is paid to a person who is not a resident of Ireland and who, 
for the purposes of Section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) (“TCA 1997”), is

--- Page 207 ---
TAXATION 
 
207 
regarded as being a resident of a relevant territory. A relevant territory for this purpose is a Member State 
of the European Communities (other than Ireland) or, not being such a Member State, a territory with which 
Ireland has entered into a double tax treaty that has the force of law or, on completion of the necessary 
procedures, will have the force of law and such double tax treaty contains an article dealing with interest 
or income from debt claims. A list of the countries with which Ireland has entered into a double tax treaty 
is available on www.revenue.ie. 
If the above exemption does not apply it is understood that there is a long standing unpublished practice 
whereby no action will be taken to pursue any liability to Irish tax in relation to such interest in respect of 
persons who are regarded as not being resident in Ireland except where such persons: 
(i) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch 
in Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(ii) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from 
Irish sources; or 
(iii) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax 
on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that this practice will continue to apply. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, withholding tax (currently at the rate of 20 per cent.) must be deducted from interest payments 
made by an Irish company such as interest payments made by an Issuer in respect of a Note. However, 
Section 246 TCA 1997 (“Section 246”) provides that this general obligation to withhold tax does not apply 
in respect of, among other things, interest payments made by an Issuer to a person who, by virtue of the 
law of a relevant territory (see above for details), is resident for the purposes of tax in a relevant territory. 
This exemption does not apply if the interest is paid to a company in connection with a trade or business 
which is carried on in Ireland by that company through a branch or agency. Relief from Irish withholding 
tax may also be available under other exemptions contained in Irish tax legislation or under the specific 
provisions of a double tax treaty between Ireland and the country of residence of the holder of a Note. 
Apart from Section 246, Section 64 TCA 1997 (“Section 64”) provides for the payment of interest on a 
“Quoted Eurobond” without deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A Quoted Eurobond is defined in 
Section 64 as a security which: 
(i) 
is issued by a company; 
(ii) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (this term is not defined but is understood to mean an 
exchange which is recognised in the country in which it is established (such as Euronext Dublin)); 
and 
(iii) 
carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on Quoted Eurobonds where: 
(i) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(ii) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland; and 
(iii) 
the Quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear, Clearstream, Frankfurt, 
Clearstream and the DTC have been designated as recognised clearing systems); or 
(iv) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled to 
the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate written declaration to this effect.

--- Page 208 ---
TAXATION 
 
208 
Ireland has recently implemented new taxation measures, referred to as the “outbound payments” rules 
which will apply to certain payments made by Irish companies to “associated entities” located in “specified 
territories” (which includes jurisdictions on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions, as well as “no-tax”, 
and “zero-tax” jurisdictions). The outbound payment rules can operate to disapply exemptions from 
withholding tax on quoted Eurobonds, provided that the outbound payments rules shall not apply in respect 
of quoted Eurobonds held through a clearing system where it is reasonable to consider that the Irish 
company is not, and should not be, aware that interest is paid to an associated entity. For these purposes, 
an entity will be associated with an Irish company if it has a direct or indirect majority share (i.e., more than 
50 per cent.) of the voting rights, capital ownerships or profits of the Irish company (or a third entity has 
such a direct or indirect majority share in both). Entities will also be associated if one entity has control of 
another entity through the board of directors (or a third entity has control through the board of directors 
over both). These rules have applied since 1 April 2024.  
In certain circumstances, Irish encashment tax may be required to be withheld (currently at the rate of 25 
per cent.) from interest on a Note, where such interest is collected by a person in Ireland on behalf of the 
holder of a Note. Irish encashment tax should not apply in respect of interest payments to Holders that are 
within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of such amounts. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of a Note will not be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains provided that such holder is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not have an enterprise, or an interest in an enterprise, 
which carries on business in Ireland through a branch or agency or a permanent representative to which 
the Note is attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If a Note is comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from an Irish domiciled, resident or ordinarily resident 
disponer or if the donee or successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if a Note is regarded 
as property situate in Ireland, the donee or successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax. As a 
result, a donee or successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax even though neither the disponer 
nor the donee nor successor may be domiciled, resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland at the relevant 
time. 
Stamp duty 
For as long as an Issuer is a qualifying company within the meaning of Section 110 TCA 1997, no Irish 
stamp duty will be payable on either the issue or transfer of a Note issued by an Issuer, provided that the 
money raised by the issue of such Note is used in the course the Issuer’s business. 
Swiss Taxation 
The following is a summary based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim to 
be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to 
invest in Notes. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are 
advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Notes (or options embedded therein) 
in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Federal Stamp Taxes 
The issuance of Notes to the initial holders at the original offering price (primary market) is not subject to 
the Swiss federal issuance stamp tax and the Swiss federal securities turnover tax (Umsatzabgabe), 
except that the issuance of Notes which classify as fund-like instruments may be subject to Swiss federal 
securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the offering price, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer 
(as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and, 
additionally, if no exemption applies.

--- Page 209 ---
TAXATION 
 
209 
Dealings in Notes (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such as call 
and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve months, futures 
with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., fully-funded securities statically replicating an index or a 
basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) are exempt from 
Swiss federal securities turnover tax. Dealings in other Notes may be subject to Swiss federal securities 
turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as 
defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and, additionally, 
if no exemption applies. 
The physical delivery of a Note at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Note may be subject to Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax of 0.3 per cent. in case a Note issued by an issuer outside Switzerland is 
delivered and of 0.15 per cent. in case a Note issued by a Swiss domestic issuer is delivered, however, in 
each case, only if a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a 
party or an intermediary to the delivery and, additionally, if no exemption applies. 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
Payments under the Notes are not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT the Issuer 
is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes and that the proceeds are 
used outside Switzerland at all times. 
Income Tax 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Note who is not resident in Switzerland and who during the taxation year has not engaged in 
a trade or business carried on through a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in Switzerland 
will in respect of such Note not be subject to income tax in Switzerland. 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
A capital gain realised by an individual on the sale or redemption of a Note which classifies as a 
true derivative financial instrument for tax purposes (such as a true call or put option on equities or 
commodities (including low exercise price options provided their term does not exceed one year or, 
where the term does exceed one year, the premium paid at issuance does not exceed 50 per cent. 
of the value of the underlying at the time of issuance), future on equities or commodities, replicating 
an index or a fixed basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption 
right and with a maturity not exceeding twelve months) and which is held as part of the individual’s 
private assets is a tax-free private capital gain. Conversely, a capital loss realised on the sale or 
redemption of such a Note cannot be set off against taxable income. Dividend equivalents paid 
under such a Note constitute taxable investment income. 
(b) 
Structured Notes 
If a Note is composed of one or more derivatives and a bond (resulting e.g. from up-front payment 
of exercise price, purchase price, etc.) and therefore classifies as a structured financial instrument 
for tax purposes, its income taxation depends on whether (i) the embedded bond component and 
the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) are reported separately from each other, or, 
alternatively, if the Note is a standard product, the value of the embedded bond component and the 
value of the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) can at any time be determined analytically 
by using standard valuation programmes, and (ii) the Note classifies as a structured instrument with 
or without a predominant one-time interest payment:

--- Page 210 ---
TAXATION 
 
210 
• 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded 
separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and if the values of the 
embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) cannot be determined 
analytically (as described above), then the Note classifies as non-transparent structured 
financial instrument and any return over the initial investment as taxable interest payment. 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments generally include a predominant one-time 
interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the principles set forth below under 
“Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment”. 
• 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) or if the values of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) can be determined analytically (as described above) and if the yield-
to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time 
interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium (see below 
“Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment”), then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Note as 
a private asset is required to include any periodic and one-time interest payments received 
on the Note in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be 
taxable on any net taxable income (including such amounts) for the relevant tax period. 
Option premium received by such a person under, and a gain, including in respect of interest 
accrued, or a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of, such a Note is a tax-free private 
capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively. 
• 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: 
If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) or if the values of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) can be determined analytically (as described above) and if the yield-to-maturity 
predominantly derives from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount 
or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments, then a person who is an 
individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Note as a private asset, is required to include 
any periodic interest payments received on the Note and, in addition, any amount equal to 
the difference between the value of the Note at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its 
value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted in each case into 
Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or 
purchase, respectively, in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period 
and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter 
alia, any gain in respect of interest accrued, interest rate or foreign exchange rate) for the 
relevant tax period. Any compensation received by such a holder for the embedded 
derivative, i.e., option premium received under, and any residual gain, and a loss, 
respectively, realised on the sale of, such a Note is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-
deductible private capital loss, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such a holder 
may offset any decrease in value realised by him or her within the same taxation period on 
sale or redemption of such a Note against any gain (including periodic interest payments) 
realised by him or her from other Notes with a predominant one-time interest payment. 
(c) 
Bonds 
• 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Note classifies for tax purposes 
as a straight bond, i.e. as an instrument without derivative financial instrument(s) embedded 
in such Note, and if such Note does not include a predominant one-time interest payment 
(i.e., its yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from

--- Page 211 ---
TAXATION 
 
211 
a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium), 
then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Note as a private 
asset is required to include any periodic and one-time interest payments received on such 
Note, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, in 
his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and is taxable on any net 
taxable income (including such amounts) for the relevant tax period. A gain, including, inter 
alia, in respect of interest accrued or interest rate or foreign exchange rate, a loss, 
respectively, realised on the sale of such a Note is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-
deductible private capital loss, respectively. 
• 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Note classifies for tax purposes as 
straight bond, i.e. as instrument without derivative financial instruments embedded in such 
Note, and if such Note includes a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., its yield-to-
maturity predominantly derives from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue 
discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments), then a person 
who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Note as a private asset, is required 
to include any periodic interest payments received on the Note and, in addition, any amount 
equal to the difference between the value of the Note at redemption or sale, as applicable, 
and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted in each 
case into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, 
issuance or purchase, respectively, in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant 
tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., 
including, inter alia, any gain in respect of interest accrued, interest rate or foreign exchange 
rate) for the relevant tax period. Notwithstanding the above, such a holder may offset any 
decrease in value realised by him or her within the same taxation period on sale or 
redemption of such a Note against any gain (including periodic interest payments) realised 
by him or her from other Notes with a predominant one-time interest payment. 
(d) 
Fund-like Notes 
A Note which is classified as fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for 
Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital gains 
and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported and 
distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Note as part of his 
or her private assets receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over such 
portion of distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the underlying 
investments) or credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised on the underlying 
investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on the underlying 
instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on the underlying 
investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, and any respective loss a non-tax-deductible 
private capital loss. Any gain realised within a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like Note 
(including accrued dividends and interest) is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, 
and, conversely, any loss realised on such a Note a non-tax-deductible capital loss. 
Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business (including deemed Professional Securities Dealers) 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Notes as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in the case 
of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Notes (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for the 
respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period.

--- Page 212 ---
TAXATION 
 
212 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who for income tax purposes, are 
classified as “professional Securities dealers” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in Notes. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions 
are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by means of group 
requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred automatically in 
the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance 
on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the 
Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct-
notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities.  
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On November 19, 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the “MCAA”). 
The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance convention and 
is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information (the “AEOI”). The 
Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the “AEOI Act”) 
entered into force on January 1, 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI 
standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. The 
agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland 
exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, and income 
derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of 
individuals resident in an EU Member State or in a treaty state. 
U.S. TEFRA Categorisation 
Notes in bearer form will be issued:  
(i) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA C”); 
(ii) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA D”); or 
(iii) 
other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the Notes will 
not constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the applicable Issue 
Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria,

--- Page 213 ---
TAXATION 
 
213 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a “participating Member State”). However, 
Estonia has stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established or deemed to be 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument 
which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 214 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
214 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
With respect to any Tranche, the Notes of that Tranche will be sold by the Issuer to the Dealer of such 
Tranche pursuant to the Dealer Agreement for such Tranche. 
The Issuer may pay the Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer in respect of 
the Notes subscribed by it. 
By entering into the relevant Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will agree to indemnify the Dealer against 
certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement for any Tranche 
may be terminated by the Issuer or by the Dealer, at any time on giving at least 10 days’ notice. 
The Dealer may sell Notes to subsequent purchasers in individually negotiated transactions at negotiated 
prices, which may vary among different purchasers and which may be greater or less than the aggregate 
issue price of the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities 
Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. No 
person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 (the “CEA”) and the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission thereunder.  
Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk 
retention rules issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “U.S. Credit 
Risk Retention Rules”)) or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the CEA, but 
excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons 
who are not Non-United States persons (“Rule 4.7”)). Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise 
defined have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not at any time be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations (but excluding for purposes 
of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), transactions that would permit resale of the Notes after the 
expiration of the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person). Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.  
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, otherwise 
transferred or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered and will not at any time offer, sell, pledge, 
otherwise transfer or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, deliver the Notes of any such Tranche as part of 
their distribution or otherwise at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the U.S. 
Credit Risk Retention Rules) or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7), and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Credit

--- Page 215 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
215 
Risk Retention Rules) and persons who are not Non-United States persons (as defined in Rule 4.7). Terms 
used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of a Note, will, on each date on which such person 
(x) accepts delivery of the Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer and the Programme, a standalone 
prospectus produced by the Issuer in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes or other offering document 
in respect of such Notes and (y) purchases such Note or a beneficial interest therein, be deemed to have 
given the representations, agreements and acknowledgments in Condition 24(b) (Deemed 
representations, agreements and acknowledgments), including that it understands that each Global Note, 
Definitive Bearer Note and Registered Certificate will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“[ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.] 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS [NOTE/REGISTERED CERTIFICATE] HAVE NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR 
OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS [NOTE/REGISTERED CERTIFICATE] MAY NOT AT ANY TIME 
BE OFFERED[,] [OR] SOLD [OR DELIVERED] WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY PERSON WHO IS (A) A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), (B) A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE CREDIT 
RISK RETENTION RULES ISSUED UNDER SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
ACT OF 1934) OR (C) NOT A NON-UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN RULE 4.7 UNDER THE 
U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, BUT EXCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION 
(D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT THAT IT WOULD APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE 
NOT NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS). TERMS USED ABOVE AND NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED 
HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
EACH HOLDER OF THIS [NOTE/REGISTERED CERTIFICATE] OR OWNER OF A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST IN THIS [NOTE/REGISTERED CERTIFICATE] WILL, ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE OF 
SUCH NOTE OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST, BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, AGREED AND 
ACKNOWLEDGED AS FOLLOWS: 
(i) 
THE NOTES OR SUCH BENEFICIAL INTEREST HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT); 
(ii) 
IT IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(iii) 
TO THE EXTENT IT IS ACTING FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, 
SUCH OTHER PERSON IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(iv) 
NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A “COMMODITY POOL 
OPERATOR” OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936 AND 
THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION RULES THEREUNDER; 
(v) 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND IT WILL NOT, AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE NOTES, OFFER, SELL, 
PLEDGE, OTHERWISE TRANSFER OR, IN THE CASE OF NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVER

--- Page 216 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
216 
NOTES OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY PERSON WHO IS AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(vi) 
ANY TRANSFER BY SUCH NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER TO 
OR FOR THE BENEFIT OF AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF 
THE RELEVANT NOTE WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND 
WILL 
NOT 
OPERATE 
TO 
TRANSFER 
ANY 
RIGHTS 
TO 
THE 
TRANSFEREE, 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, THE 
REGISTRAR, THE TRUSTEE OR ANY INTERMEDIARY; 
(vii) 
THE ISSUER MAY: 
(A) 
AT ANY TIME, COMPEL ANY NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL 
OWNER OF NOTES TO CERTIFY THAT SUCH NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR 
BENEFICIAL OWNER IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(B) 
REFUSE TO HONOUR THE TRANSFER OF A NOTE, A COUPON OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST IN NOTES TO THE EXTENT SUCH TRANSFER IS TO OR FOR THE BENEFIT 
OF AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; AND 
(C) 
COMPEL ANY NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER OF NOTES 
THAT IS AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR TO: 
(I) 
TRANSFER SUCH NOTES, COUPONS OR INTERESTS IN THE NOTES TO A 
PERSON WHO IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; OR 
(II) 
TRANSFER SUCH NOTES, COUPONS OR INTERESTS IN THE NOTES TO THE 
ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE AGGREGATE OF: 
(X) 
THE SPECIFIED CURRENCY EQUIVALENT OF ALL CASH SUMS DERIVED 
FROM THE SALE OF AN AMOUNT OF THE COLLATERAL FOR THE 
SERIES (EQUAL TO THE PROPORTION THAT THE AGGREGATE 
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES TO BE TRANSFERRED BEARS TO 
THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF ALL NOTES OF SUCH SERIES 
OUTSTANDING ON THE TRANSFER DATE) NET OF ANY TAXES, COSTS 
OR CHARGES INCURRED ON SUCH SALE (PROVIDED THAT THE 
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF COLLATERAL TO BE SOLD SHALL BE ROUNDED 
DOWN TO THE NEAREST AMOUNT THAT WOULD BE CAPABLE OF BEING 
DELIVERED, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED); AND 
(Y) 
ANY TERMINATION PAYMENT PAYABLE IN RESPECT OF THE 
CORRESPONDING PARTIAL TERMINATION OF THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
FOR THE SERIES (EXPRESSED AS A POSITIVE NUMBER IF SUCH 
AMOUNT WOULD BE PAYABLE TO THE ISSUER OR A NEGATIVE 
AMOUNT IF SUCH AMOUNT WOULD BE PAYABLE BY THE ISSUER); AND 
(viii) 
THE ISSUER, THE DEALER AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND OTHERS WILL RELY UPON THE 
TRUTH AND ACCURACY OF THE FOREGOING ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS 
AND AGREEMENTS.”. 
UK Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors 
UK Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors: The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes to any retail investor. For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 217 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
217 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
EEA 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will 
represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus to the public in that Member State other than offers 
contemplated in the Base Prospectus in any Member State from the time the Base Prospectus has been 
approved by the competent authority in Ireland and published and notified to the relevant competent 
authority in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 4 June 2025, and provided that the Issuer has 
consented in writing to use of the Base Prospectus for any such offers except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer; or  
(iii) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as amended. 
United Kingdom 
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 218 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
218 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Sale to Belgian Consumers” as “Not Applicable”, the 
Dealer for the relevant Tranche has represents and agrees that it has not advertised, offered, sold, 
delivered or otherwise made available and will not advertise, offer, sell, deliver or otherwise make available, 
directly or indirectly, Notes to any Consumers in Belgium, and has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Consumer 
in Belgium. 
For these purposes, a “Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), being, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside 
his/her trade, business or profession. 
Switzerland  
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in Switzerland, other than pursuant 
to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in 
Switzerland, if the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any such Notes published according to 
Article 64 FinSA specify “Swiss Non-exempt Offer” as “Applicable”, in the “Swiss Offer Period” 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if consent has been granted to use the Base Prospectus 
and the applicable Issue Terms for a public offer in Switzerland in accordance with Article 36(4) 
FinSA; or 
(ii) 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in Switzerland, and has 
not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or 
where such offer or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
For these purposes “public offer” refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as 
further detailed in the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (“FinSO”). 
If Notes qualifying as debt instruments with a “derivative character” (as such expression is understood 
under FinSA) are offered to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a key information 
document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) FinSA in 
respect of such Notes must be prepared and published. According to Article 58(2) FinSA, no key 
information document is required for Notes that may only be acquired for private clients under an asset 
management agreement. 
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered and will not offer 
such Notes to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland, other than where the 
applicable Issue Terms specify the “Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland” to be (i) 
“Not Applicable” or (ii) “Applicable” but a period(s) of time is specified therein, with respect to 
such period(s). For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of

--- Page 219 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
219 
the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the 
basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 
4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) 
FinSA. For these purposes “offer” refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, 
the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or 
sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
General 
Modified selling restrictions may be included in the applicable Issue Terms for a Tranche of Notes and may 
be subsequently modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer for the relevant Tranche following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Issue Terms 
issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer for each Tranche of Notes will agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue 
Terms and the Issuer shall not have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 220 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
220 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board passed on 4 June 
2024. This Base Prospectus was presented to the Board in connection with the establishment of 
the Programme and approved by a resolution of the Board passed on or around the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
(ii) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each case since 31 October 
2023, being the date of the Issuer’s last audited financial statements. All of the Issuer’s audited 
financial 
statements 
can 
be 
obtained 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/home/.  
(iii) 
The Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
which may have, or have had in the previous 12 months, a significant effect on its financial position 
or profitability. 
(iv) 
The website of the Issuer is https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/home/.  
(v) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt and Coupon will bear the 
following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(vi) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN), 
the Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI) (as applicable) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series will be set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(vii) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 213800EXBVSZN8GJ2O51.  
(viii) 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of 
any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ix) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
(x) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
applicable Issue Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer 
does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(xi) 
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
(xii) 
Matheson LLP is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the Notes 
and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc,

--- Page 221 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
221 
trading as Euronext Dublin, or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation.  
(xiii) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and, in respect of paragraph 
(b) below only, for so long as the relevant listed Note is outstanding, (i) copies of the following 
documents will be available during the hours between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (with respect to the 
location of the relevant offices specified below) on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and at the Specified Office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent and in electronic form on the website of the Issuer 
(https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/home/) and (ii) the electronic copies may be provided by the 
Issuing and Paying Agent by email to a holder requesting copies of such documents (save that the 
documents referred to in paragraphs (c) and (d) below will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of a Note of the relevant Series and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent, as applicable, as to its holding of Notes and identity): 
(a) 
the Articles; 
(b) 
such other documents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which any 
Note is at the relevant time listed; 
(c) 
the documentation comprising the Trust Deed for the relevant Series; and 
(d) 
the Issue Terms, the Issue Document in respect of such Issue Terms (including any 
amendments and supplements to the Master Trust Terms) and each confirmation (and, 
where applicable, each transaction supplement) evidencing a Swap Transaction in relation 
to the Series, as applicable.

--- Page 222 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
222 
APPENDIX 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank]

--- Page 223 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
223 
The [Notes] [Certificates] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor (being, for these purposes, any retail investor 
within the United Kingdom (except as otherwise provided for in the Base Prospectus (“UK”)). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended) or within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in, respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II and point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”) (each as amended). 
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the [Notes] [Certificates] or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
[Notes] [Certificates] or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND 
[Other than with respect to offers of the [Notes] [Certificates] during the [Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period 
specified in the “General Provisions applicable to the Notes” below] [period[s] [●] until [●],] for which a key 
information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) or an equivalent 
document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he [Notes] [Certificates] are not intended to be offered to 
private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)] [FinSA] in Switzerland. 
For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional 
client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) 
FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset 
management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.] 
[The [Notes] [Certificates] do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”) and are neither subject 
to authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and 
investors will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss regulatory 
authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer.]

--- Page 224 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
224 
Final Terms  
dated [●] 
PALLADIUM SECURITIES IRELAND PLC 
(a public limited company with unlimited duration incorporated under the laws of Ireland, with its registered 
office at Block A, George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, with registration number 539687)  
(the “Issuer”) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800EXBVSZN8GJ2O51  
Issue of [SERIES NUMBER][SPECIFIED CURRENCY][AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
TRANCHE] [NUMBER OF UNITS] [TITLE OF [NOTES] [CERTIFICATES]] due [●] 
[under the Secured Note Programme] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Master Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2024 [and the supplemental prospectus dated [INSERT DATE] [and 
[INSERT DATE]][, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, ([together, ]the “Base Prospectus”) and the Master Definitions dated 5 June 2024. The [Notes] 
[Certificates] issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Conditions as completed by the following terms 
(the “Final Terms”) in relation to the [Notes] [Certificates]. [[These Final Terms do not relate to a non-exempt 
public offer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] These Final Terms will be deposited with SIX 
Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and published according to Article 64 [of 
the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)][FinSA] for the purposes of an offer of the [Notes] 
[Certificates] to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as supplemented] which has been included as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved 
according to Article 54(2) FinSA in the list of approved prospectuses according to Article 64(5) FinSA by SIX 
Exchange Regulation Ltd., deposited with this review body and published according to Article 64 FinSA.] [This 
document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the [Notes] [Certificates] described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.] These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Notes] [Certificates] is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus will be available for 
viewing at [●] for 12 months from the date of the Base Prospectus [[and] during normal business hours at [●] 
and copies may be obtained from [●]]. 
[By purchasing the [Notes] [Certificates], the Noteholders hereby ratify the selection of each member of the 
board of directors of the Issuer[, as identified in the Base Prospectus,] and confirm that such ratification is being 
made without selection or control by Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft or any of its affiliates.]/[Include any 
updates to the board of directors, as necessary.] 
[BENCHMARK REGULATION  
Amounts payable under the [Notes] [Certificates] [may]/[will] be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], 
which is provided by [specify administrator’s legal name] (the “Administrator”). As at the date of these Final 
Terms, The Administrator [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 
2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that the Administrator is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]

--- Page 225 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
225 
(Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Final Terms and should be deleted prior to 
completing these Final Terms.) 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
GENERAL 
1 
 Issuer: 
Palladium Securities Ireland plc 
2 
 [(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
 
 
3 
 Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 [Aggregate principal amount of Notes] 
[Number of Units]: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
 Issue price: 
[●] per [cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes] [Certificate] 
6 
 (i) 
[Specified Denominations] [Unit Value]: 
[●] [and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in 
excess thereof up to and including [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]  
7 
 Trade Date: 
[●] 
8 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify if other]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Initial Reference Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
9 
 Maturity Date: 
[●] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention] 
10 
 Business Days applicable to Maturity Date:  
[●]  
11 
 Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Variable-linked Interest Rate [Note] [Certificate]] 
 
 
(Further particulars specified, as applicable, in 
paragraphs 22, 23 and 24 of these Final Terms) 
12 
 Material Change Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
13 
 Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer [Notes] [Certificates]: 
[No]/[Yes. As the [Notes] [Certificates] have more than 
27 coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made]/[Specify details]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 226 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
226 
14 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount, subject to 
the other provisions herein] 
 
 
[Instalment, subject to the other provisions herein] 
15 
 Date Board approval for issuance of [Notes] 
[Certificates] obtained: 
[●] 
16 
 Transaction Documents: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
17 
 Transaction Parties: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
18 
 Mortgaged Property: 
 
 
(i) 
Original Collateral: 
The Original Collateral shall comprise [●] in principal 
amount of an issue by [insert name of the obligor of 
the underlying assets][, guaranteed by [insert name of 
guarantor],] of its [insert description of the underlying 
assets] identified below: 
 
 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor – Issuer: 
[●] 
 
 
[Original 
Collateral 
Obligor – Guarantor: 
[●]] 
 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
 
Country 
of 
Incorporation: 
[●] 
 
 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
 
 
Regulated or equivalent 
third country market or 
SME Growth Market on 
which 
the 
relevant 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor has securities 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
Asset: 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
Governing Law: 
[●] 
 
 
Senior/Subordinated: 
[●] 
 
 
[Admitted to trading on 
the following markets: 
[●]] 
 
 
[Documentation: 
[Where 
Original 
Collateral is admitted to 
trading on a regulated 
market, equivalent third 
country market or SME 
Growth Market insert link

--- Page 227 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
227 
to 
publicly 
available 
offering document of the 
Original Collateral]] 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference 
Date: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Expected Call Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify as applicable) 
 
– 
[Automatic Maturity Extension: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) Purchase of Original Collateral: 
[The Issuer will purchase the Original Collateral from 
the Vendor on the Issue Date pursuant to the 
Collateral Sale Provisions]/[Specify other Original 
Collateral sale arrangement.] 
 
(iv) Original Collateral Sale Method: 
[Dealer 
Sale 
Settlement]/[Dealer/Vendor 
Net 
Settlement] 
 
(v) Substitution of Original Collateral: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify any additional conditions to be satisfied) 
 
(vi) Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Swap Counterparty: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
(viii) Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable – Payable by Issuer] 
[Applicable – Payable by Swap Counterparty] 
[Applicable 
– 
Payable 
by 
Issuer 
and 
Swap 
Counterparty] 
[Not Applicable] 
19 
 Security: 
In connection with this Series of [Notes] [Certificates], 
the Issuer grants the Security specified in clause 5.1 
(Security) of the Trust Deed. 
20 
 Application of Available Proceeds: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
21 
 Fixed Rate [Note] [Certificate] Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [(indicative only) but which 
may be higher or lower and in any event shall not be 
less than [●] per cent. per annum] payable 
[annually][semi- annually][quarterly][monthly][Specify 
if other] in arrear. [The final Rate of Interest shall be 
notified to Noteholders in the Notice of Final Size.] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other]

--- Page 228 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
228 
 
(iv) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[●]  
 
(v) Business Day Convention applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention 
 
(vi) Business Day Convention applicable to 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vii) [Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of each Interest 
Period[, provided that in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date[s] 
falling 
on 
[●], 
[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount].]/[Specify]] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis]  
 
(ix) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
[Notes] [Certificates]: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
22 
 Floating Rate [Note] [Certificate] Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention 
 
(v) Business Day Convention applicable to 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified 
Following]//Preceding] 
[Business Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are determined: 
[[“ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions”]/[“ISDA Rate: 
2021 ISDA Definitions”] as per Master Conditions] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(viii) ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]

--- Page 229 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
229 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day 
of the relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each 
Interest Period, the first day of the next following 
Interest Period, provided that in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Maturity Date] 
 
– 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[First day of the next following Interest Accrual Period 
or in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [●] Applicable Business 
Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Accrual Period or in the case of the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Termination Date]]  
 
– 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference 
Business Days] 
 
– 
Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(1) Overnight Rate Compounding/ 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method] 
 
(2) Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 230 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
230 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
(3) Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 231 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
231 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(1) Index Method: 
 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Index LevelSTART: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Index LevelEND: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
(ix) ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
2021 ISDA Definitions Publication 
Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication 
Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 232 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
232 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day 
of the relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each 
Interest Period, the first day of the next following 
Interest Period, provided that in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Maturity Date] 
 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Fixing Time: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference 
Business Days] 
 
- 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[●]] 
 
- 
[Successor Benchmark Effective 
Date: 
[●]] 
 
- 
[Unscheduled Holiday: 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Date 
adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(2) Interest Period End 
Date/Maturity Date adjustment 
for Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method] 
 
(2) Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]]

--- Page 233 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
233 
 
 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Specify other compounding method] 
 
(3) Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable

--- Page 234 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
234 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Specify other averaging method] 
 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(1) Index Method: 
 
 
 
[Standard Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]

--- Page 235 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
235 
 
 
[Specify other index method] 
 
(x) Reference Rate Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Pre-nominated Replacement Reference 
Rate: 
[●]/[None specified] 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable – Standard]/[Applicable – 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]/[Applicable – 2021 ISDA Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable]  
[Non-Representative: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+]/[-][●] per cent. per annum [(indicative only) but 
which may be higher or lower and in any event shall 
not be less than [●] per cent. per annum]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis]  
 
(xv) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined 
in the Master Conditions] 
 
(xvi) [Reference Rate Modification: 
[Specify consequences of changes to the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate]]  
23 
 Variable-linked Interest Rate [Note] 
[Certificate] Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Provisions for determining coupon where 
calculated by reference to formula and/or 
other variable: 
[Specify] 
 
(ii) 
Formula/other variable: 
[Specify or annex details] 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iv) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(v) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[●]  
 
(vi) Business Day Convention applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention 
 
(vii) Business Day Convention applicable to 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] 
Business Day Convention]/[No Adjustment]

--- Page 236 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
236 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis]  
 
(x) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined 
in the Master Conditions] 
24 
 Default Interest: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
25 
 Specified Final Redemption Amount of each 
[Note] [Certificate]: 
[100 per cent. of its [Specified Denomination] [Unit 
Value]] 
[The [Notes] [Certificates] are Instalment [Notes] 
[Certificates], as further described in paragraph 29 
below [and in the Annex (Redemption by Instalments) 
to these Final Terms]. The Final Redemption Amount 
of each [Note] [Certificate] shall be deemed to be 
satisfied by payment of the final Instalment Amount 
payable on or around the Maturity Date.]  
[Specify or annex details] 
26 
 Early Redemption Amount of each [Note] 
[Certificate]:  
[As defined in the Master Conditions]/[Specify or 
annex details] 
27 
 [Redemption by Instalment: 
An Instalment Amount shall be due and payable in 
respect of each [Note] [Certificate] on each Instalment 
Date. 
On each Instalment Date:  
(i) 
the [aggregate principal amount of the Notes] 
[number of Units of the Certificates] shall be 
reduced by an amount equal to the relevant 
Aggregate Instalment Amount relating to such 
Instalment Date; and 
(ii) 
the outstanding [principal amount] [number of 
Units] of each [Note] [Certificate] shall be 
reduced by an amount equal to the relevant 
Instalment Amount due on such Instalment Date, 
unless, in each case, payment of the Instalment 
Amount in respect of a [Note] [Certificate] is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case such

--- Page 237 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
237 
amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant 
Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
[Specify or annex details]] 
28 
 [Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Condition: 
[Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
(Specify 
details)]/[Optional 
Termination 
Trigger 
(Specify 
details)]/[Other (Specify details)] 
 
(ii) 
[Autocall 
Termination 
Determination 
Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business Day Convention]]  
 
(iii) [Optional Termination Exercise Cut-off 
Date: 
[As per Master Swap Terms]/[●][, [in each case] 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]]  
 
(iv) Issuer Call Redemption Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) Issuer Call Redemption Amount of each 
[Note] [Certificate]: 
[●]  
 
(vi) Issuer Call Settlement: 
[Cash to Swap Counterparty]/[Delivery to Swap 
Counterparty] 
 
(vii) Issuer Call Settlement Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business Day Convention] 
 
(viii) Issuer Call Period End Date: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(ix) [Interest payable upon Issuer Call: 
[As per Master Conditions]]  
 
(x) [Autocall FX Rate: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] 
[spot]/[forward]/[other] 
(Specify 
details) exchange rate for [●] into [●]] 
 
(xi) [Autocall Valuation Method: 
[Spot]/[Forward]/[Other] (Specify details) dirty bid 
value]  
 
(xii) Substitution Knockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
29 
 Noteholder Early Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period: [●] 
30 
 Liquidation: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[Specify or annex details] 
31 
 Liquidation Period Cut-off: 
[10]/[30] Reference Business Days 
32 
 Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date: 
[●]

--- Page 238 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
238 
FURTHER TERMS 
33 
 Further terms: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE [NOTES] [CERTIFICATES] AND AGENTS 
34 
 Form of [Notes] [Certificates]: 
[Bearer [Notes] [Certificates]: 
 
 
[Temporary Global [Note] [Certificate] exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global [Note] [Certificate] which is 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Bearer 
[Notes] 
[Certificates] in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Conditions] 
  
[Temporary Global [Note] [Certificate] exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer [Notes] [Certificates] on [●] days’ 
notice 
  
If the Temporary Global [Note] [Certificate] is 
exchangeable for definitive [notes] [certificates] at the 
option of the holder, the [Notes] [Certificates] shall be 
tradable only in amounts of at least the [Specified 
Denomination] [Unit Value] (or if more than one 
[Specified Denomination] [Unit Value], the lowest 
[Specified Denomination] [Unit Value]) provided in 
paragraph 6(i) ([Specified Denominations] [Unit 
Value]) of these Final Terms and multiples thereof.] 
  
[Permanent Global [Note] [Certificate] exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer [Notes] [Certificates] in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Conditions] 
  
[Registered [Notes] [Certificates]: 
  
[Global Registered Certificate exchangeable for 
Registered Certificates in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Conditions] 
  
[Registered Certificates other than Global Registered 
Certificates]] 
35 
 Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
36 
 New Global [Note] [Certificate] /held under 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
No 
37 
 Reference Business Day: 
[TARGET]/[TARGET Business Day]/[Specify other 
places, if relevant] 
38 
 Trustee, Agents, Custodian, Vendor: 
 
 
(i) 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
 (ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 (iii) 
Custodian: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

--- Page 239 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
239 
 
(iv) 
Disposal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 (v) 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
 (vi) 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Registrar: 
[Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
London 
Branch]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Transfer Agent(s): 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Vendor: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
39 
Sale to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
40 
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers during 
[the Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period] [the period[s] 
[●] until [●]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
41 
[Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period: 
[Swiss Offer Period][The period from [specify date] 
until [specify date][[the date which falls [●] Reference 
Business Days after] the Issue Date]]] 
42 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Swiss Offer Period:  
[specify date] until [specify date]] 
 
[Withdrawal right according to Article 63(5) of 
the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance 
(FinSO): 
[If an obligation to prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus according to Article 56(1) FinSA is 
triggered during the Swiss Offer Period, investors who 
have already subscribed or agreed to purchase or 
subscribe for [Notes] [Certificates] before any such 
supplement to the Base Prospectus is published have 
the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the 
publication of such supplement regardless of whether 
the Swiss Offer Period closes prior to the expiry of 
such two day period.] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus for Swiss 
Non-exempt Offers: 
Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
 
[DETAILS RELATING TO THE CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX] 
43 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
44 
Eligible Currency: 
[Specify currencies] 
45 
[Additional Major Currency: 
[●]] 
46 
Delivery Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
47 
[Order in which Eligible Credit Support (VM) is 
to be transferred by the Issuer as Transferor: 
[●]]

--- Page 240 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
240 
48 
[Order in which Equivalent Credit Support 
(VM) is to be transferred by the Swap 
Counterparty as Transferee: 
[●]] 
49 
Eligible Credit Support (VM): 
Subject to Paragraph 9(e) of the Credit Support 
Annex, if applicable, and each Credit Support 
Eligibility Condition (VM) applicable to it specified in 
Paragraph 11 of the Credit Support Annex, the Eligible 
Credit Support (VM) for the party specified (as the 
Transferor) shall be:  
 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the Swap 
Counterparty 
Description: 
Valuation Percentage: 
Cash 
in 
[the 
Base 
Currency]/[Specify 
relevant 
Eligible 
Currencies if not all]/[an 
Eligible Currency] 
[100]/[●]% 
[insert other] 
[●]% 
 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the Issuer 
Description: 
Valuation Percentage: 
Cash 
in 
[the 
Base 
Currency]/[Specify 
relevant 
Eligible 
Currencies if not all]/[an 
Eligible Currency] 
[100]/[●]% 
The assets or property 
specified in these Final 
Terms as forming part of 
the Original Collateral 
[●]% 
Any 
other 
asset 
or 
property notified by the 
Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer in writing from 
time to time, provided 
such 
assets 
are 
available to the Issuer in 
respect of the relevant 
Series 
Such percentage as is 
notified by the Swap 
Counterparty 
to 
the 
Issuer in writing from 
time to time 
  
 
50 
Credit Support Eligibility Conditions (VM): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
51 
Minimum Transfer Amount for the Issuer: 
[●]

--- Page 241 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
241 
52 
Minimum Transfer Amount for the Swap 
Counterparty: 
[●] 
53 
Valuation Date: 
[Each day from, and including, [the Issue Date]/[●] that 
is a day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in at least one Valuation 
Date Location of each of Party A and Party B, 
provided that the final Valuation Date shall be as set 
out in the Swap Agreement.] 
[[●] of each calendar week commencing on and 
including [●], provided that (i) if commercial banks are 
not open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in at least 
one Valuation Date Location for Party A and at least 
one Valuation Date Location for Party B (a day 
meeting such criteria, a “Valid Valuation Date”) on 
any such day, the Valuation Date shall be the 
immediately following Valid Valuation Date and (ii) the 
final Valuation Date shall be as set out in the Swap 
Agreement.] 
[Insert days that will be Valuation Dates] 
54 
Valuation Date Location: 
In respect of Party A: [London]/[Specify other] 
In respect of Party B: [London]/[Specify other] 
55 
[Interest Rate (VM) for cash forming part of 
the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM): 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate (VM)]] 
56 
[Interest Rate (VM) for cash forming part of 
the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM): 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate (VM)]] 
57 
[A/365 Currency: 
[Insert any Eligible Currency that will be an A/365 
Currency for the relevant Interest Rate (VM)]] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
58 
Dealer: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
59 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
  
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[[Insert relevant third party information] set out in paragraph [18] has been extracted from [specify source]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not conducted extensive due diligence on 
such information or made any enquiries as to its own possession of non-publicly available information.]]

--- Page 242 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
242 
Signed on behalf of PALLADIUM SECURITIES IRELAND PLC (in its capacity as Issuer) 
 
 
By:  
Duly authorised

--- Page 243 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
243 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING: 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to [Euronext Dublin for the 
[Notes] [Certificates] to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated 
Market][.][and] [[●].]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The [Notes] [Certificates] are not rated]/[The [Notes] 
[Certificates] to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[R&I: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[Specify if other: [●]] 
 
 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] [established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”)]/[not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the [Notes] 
[Certificates] is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”)] 
3 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES: 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
Use of initial payment due from the 
Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement: 
[As per Base Prospectus]/[Not Applicable]/[Specify if initial 
payment is to be used for anything other than the purchase of 
Original Collateral and/or making any payment under any 
Swap Agreement, for example payment of costs] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
4 
[Fixed Rate [Notes] [Certificates] 
only - YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Valoren: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 244 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
244 
 
[CFI: 
[●] 
 
[FISN: 
[●]  
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
6 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Jurisdiction(s) in which the offer is 
being made: 
[●] 
 
Offer Price: 
[●] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
Offers of the [Notes] [Certificates] [by the relevant 
distributor[s]] are conditional upon their issue.  
The Issuer reserves the right for any reason to close the Offer 
Period early.  
Any early closure of the Offer will be published on the website 
of the Issuer (https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/home/)  
 
Time period during which the offer will 
be open: 
[●] 
 
Description of the application 
process: 
A prospective investor should contact [the relevant 
distributor[s]]/[●] during the Offer Period. The Issuer has the 
right to close the Offer Period early. [A prospective investor 
will acquire the [Notes] [Certificates] in accordance with the 
arrangements existing between the relevant distributor[s] and 
its customers relating to the subscription of the securities 
generally and not directly with the Issuer or the Dealer.] 
Persons interested in purchasing the [Notes] [Certificates] 
should contact their financial adviser. [If an investor in any 
jurisdiction other than [specify jurisdictions in which the offer 
is taking place] wishes to purchase [Notes] [Certificates], such 
investor should (a) be aware that sales in the relevant 
jurisdiction may not be permitted due to selling restrictions 
and thus that the application may be rejected by [the relevant 
distributor[s]/ [●]; and (b) contact its financial adviser, bank or 
financial intermediary for more information.  
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
The minimum amount of an application in respect of the 
[Notes] [Certificates] is [●]. Any application in respect of the 
[Notes] [Certificates] in excess of [●] must be in respect of 
integral multiples of [●]. 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount(s) paid by 
applicants: 
The Issuer has the right to terminate the Offer Period at any 
time and not proceed with the issuance.  
Any early closure of the Offer will be published on the website 
of the Issuer (https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/home/). 
Any excess amount(s) shall be returned to the applicants by 
the relevant distributor[s].

--- Page 245 ---
APPENDIX 1 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
245 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
[Notes] [Certificates]: 
The [Notes] [Certificates] will be issued on the Issue Date 
against payment to the Issuer of the net subscription moneys 
by debit of a cash account on or before the Issue Date [and, 
where acquired from the relevant distributor[s], in accordance 
with the procedures specified by the relevant distributor[s]]. 
Allotted [Notes] [Certificates] will be delivered to a securities 
account of each Noteholder as soon as practicable after the 
agreed date of purchase.  
 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
The precise initial [aggregate principal amount] [number of 
Units] of the [Notes] [Certificates] will be published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://palladiumsecuritiesirelandplc.ie/home/) and filed with 
the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article [17] of 
the Prospectus Regulation in each case on or around the 
Issue Date by way of a final notice the form of which is set out 
in Appendix 3 (Form of Notice of Final Size) to the Base 
Prospectus.  
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
Not Applicable 
 
[Categories of potential investors to 
which the [Notes] [Certificates] are 
offered and whether tranche(s) have 
been reserved for certain countries: 
Offers may be made by [the relevant distributor[s]]/ [●] to 
[specify categories of potential investors which form the 
identified target market] 
 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
Following the end of the Offer period, [the relevant 
distributor[s]]/ [●] will proceed to notify the prospective 
Noteholders as to the amount of their allotment of the [Notes] 
[Certificates], if any.  
Dealing may not begin before the notification is made.  
 
Amounts of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchase: 
Taxes charged in connection with the subscription, transfer, 
purchase or holding of the [Notes] [Certificates] must be paid 
to the Noteholders. None of the Issuer[, the Dealer]/[or the 
Dealer][or the relevant distributor[s]] shall have any obligation 
in relation thereto. In this respect, prospective investors must 
consult professional tax advisers to determine the tax regime 
applicable to their own circumstances.  
Subscription fees: [●] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries where 
the offer takes place: 
[●] of [●] will be the [sole] distributor[s] in [●].] 
 
[Issuer to annex issue specific summary to the Final Terms]

--- Page 246 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
246 
APPENDIX 2 
FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank]

--- Page 247 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
247 
[Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
The [Notes] [Certificates] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor (being, for these purposes, any retail investor 
within [or outside] [(i) the European Economic Areas (“EEA”) or (ii)] the United Kingdom (“UK”)). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) [a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] or] a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended) or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in, respectively, 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II and point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) or Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) (each as amended). 
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 [(as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the [Notes] [Certificates] or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the [Notes] [Certificates] or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the [EEA or in the] UK may be unlawful under the [PRIIPs 
Regulation] or the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND 
[Other than with respect to offers of the [Notes] [Certificates] during the [Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period 
specified in the “General Provisions applicable to the Notes” below] [period[s] [●] until [●],] for which a key 
information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) or an equivalent 
document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he [Notes] [Certificates] are not intended to be offered to 
private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)] [FinSA] in Switzerland. 
For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional 
client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) 
FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset 
management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.] 
[The [Notes] [Certificates] do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”) and are neither subject 
to authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and 
investors will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss regulatory 
authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer.]

--- Page 248 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
248 
Pricing Terms  
dated [●] 
 PALLADIUM SECURITIES IRELAND PLC 
(a public limited company with unlimited duration incorporated under the laws of Ireland, with its registered 
office at Block A, George’s Quay Plaza, George’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, with registration number 539687)  
(the “Issuer”) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800EXBVSZN8GJ2O51  
Issue of [SERIES NUMBER][SPECIFIED CURRENCY][AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
TRANCHE] [NUMBER OF UNITS] [TITLE OF [NOTES] [CERTIFICATES]] due [●] 
[under the Secured Note Programme] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Master Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2024 [and the supplemental prospectus dated [INSERT DATE] [and 
[INSERT DATE]][, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation], ([together, ]the “Base Prospectus”) and the Master Definitions dated 5 June 2024.This section 
titled “Pricing Terms” (including any schedules or annexes hereto) constitutes the Pricing Terms of the Notes 
described herein (the “Pricing Terms”). These Pricing Terms do not constitute Final Terms of the [Notes] 
[Certificates] for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation. [[These Pricing 
Terms do not relate to a non-exempt public offer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] These Pricing 
Terms will be deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and 
published according to Article 64 [of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)][FinSA] for the purposes 
of an offer of the [Notes] [Certificates] to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of these 
Pricing Terms and the Base Prospectus [as supplemented] which has been included as a foreign prospectus 
that is deemed approved according to Article 54(2) FinSA in the list of approved prospectuses according to 
Article 64(5) FinSA by SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd., deposited with this review body and published according 
to Article 64 FinSA.] [Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Notes] [Certificates] is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Pricing Terms and the Base Prospectus.] The Base Prospectus will be 
available for viewing at [●] for 12 months from the date of the Base Prospectus [[and] during normal business 
hours at [●] and copies may be obtained from [●]]. 
[By purchasing the [Notes] [Certificates], the Noteholders hereby ratify the selection of each member of the 
board of directors of the Issuer[, as identified in the Base Prospectus,] and confirm that such ratification is being 
made without selection or control by Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft or any of its affiliates.]/[Include any 
updates to the board of directors, as necessary.] 
[BENCHMARK REGULATION  
Amounts payable under the [Notes] [Certificates] [may]/[will] be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], 
which is provided by [specify administrator’s legal name] (the “Administrator”). As at the date of these Pricing 
Terms, The Administrator [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 
2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that the Administrator is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]

--- Page 249 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
249 
[These Pricing Terms are not an advertisement and they do not constitute a prospectus or final terms 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation] 
(Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Pricing Terms and should be deleted prior to 
completing these Pricing Terms.) 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
GENERAL 
1 
 Issuer: 
Palladium Securities Ireland plc 
2 
 [(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
3 
 Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 [Aggregate principal amount of Notes] 
[Number of Units]: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
 Issue price: 
[●] per [cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes] 
[Certificate] 
6 
 (i) 
[Specified Denominations] [Unit 
Value]: 
[●] [and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]  
7 
 Trade Date: 
[●] 
8 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify if other]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Initial Reference Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
9 
 Maturity Date: 
[●] 
[subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention] 
10 
 Business Days applicable to Maturity 
Date:  
[●]  
11 
 Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Variable-linked Interest Rate [Note] [Certificate]] 
 
 
(Further particulars specified, as applicable, in paragraphs 22, 
23 and 24 of these Pricing Terms) 
12 
 Material Change Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
13 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer [Notes] 
[Certificates]: 
[No]/[Yes. As the [Notes] [Certificates] have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into

--- Page 250 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
250 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made]/[Specify details]/[Not Applicable] 
14 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount, subject to the other 
provisions herein] 
 
 
[Instalment, subject to the other provisions herein] 
15 
 Date Board approval for issuance of 
[Notes] [Certificates] obtained: 
[●] 
16 
 Transaction Documents: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
17 
 Transaction Parties: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
18 
 Mortgaged Property: 
 
 
(i) 
Original Collateral: 
The Original Collateral shall comprise [●] in principal amount of 
an issue by [insert name of the obligor of the underlying 
assets][, guaranteed by [insert name of guarantor],] of its [insert 
description of the underlying assets] identified below: 
 
 
Original Collateral Obligor – 
Issuer: 
[●] 
 
 
[Original Collateral Obligor – 
Guarantor: 
[●]] 
 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
 
 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
 
 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth 
Market on which the relevant 
Original Collateral Obligor has 
securities admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
Asset: 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
Governing Law: 
[●] 
 
 
Senior/Subordinated: 
[●] 
 
 
[Admitted to trading on the 
following markets: 
[●]] 
 
 
[Documentation: 
[Where Original Collateral 
is admitted to trading on a 
regulated 
market, 
equivalent 
third 
country 
market or SME Growth 
Market insert link to publicly

--- Page 251 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
251 
available offering document 
of the Original Collateral]] 
 
(ii) 
Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date: 
[●]  
 
(iii) Expected Call Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Automatic Maturity Extension: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) Purchase of Original Collateral: 
[The Issuer will purchase the Original Collateral from the 
Vendor on the Issue Date pursuant to the Collateral Sale 
Provisions]/[Specify 
other 
Original 
Collateral 
sale 
arrangement.] 
 
(v) Original Collateral Sale Method: 
[Dealer Sale Settlement]/[Dealer/Vendor Net Settlement] 
 
(vi) Substitution of Original 
Collateral: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Swap Counterparty: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
(ix) Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable – Payable by Issuer] 
[Applicable – Payable by Swap Counterparty] 
[Applicable – Payable by Issuer and Swap Counterparty] 
[Not Applicable] 
19 
 Security: 
In connection with this Series of [Notes] [Certificates], the Issuer 
grants the Security specified in clause 5.1 (Security) of the Trust 
Deed. 
20 
 Application of Available Proceeds: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
21 
 Fixed Rate [Note] [Certificate]  
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [(indicative only) but which may be 
higher or lower and in any event shall not be less than [●] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
payable 
[annually][semi- 
annually][quarterly][monthly][Specify if other] in arrear. [The 
final Rate of Interest shall be notified to Noteholders in the 
Notice of Final Size.] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iv) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[●] 
 
(v) Business 
Day 
Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention

--- Page 252 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
252 
 
(vi) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vii) [Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of each Interest Period[, 
provided that in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Payment Date[s] falling on [●], [●] per 
Calculation Amount].]/[Specify]] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis]  
 
(ix) Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate [Notes] [Certificates]: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
22 
 Floating Rate [Note] [Certificate] 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[●]  
 
(iv) Business 
Day 
Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention 
 
(v) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]//Preceding] Business Day 
Convention/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are determined: 
[[“ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions”]/[“ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA 
Definitions”] as per Master Conditions] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(viii) ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA 
Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 253 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
253 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of the 
relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest Period, the 
first day of the next following Interest Period, provided that in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date] 
 
– 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[First day of the next following Interest Accrual Period or in the 
case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Termination 
Date]/[The day [●] Applicable Business Days preceding the 
[Reset Date]/[first day of the next following Interest Accrual 
Period or in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Termination Date]]  
 
– 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference Business Days] 
 
– 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/ 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method] 
 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 254 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
254 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
(3) Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(1) Index Method: 
 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift: 
Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 255 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
255 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Index LevelSTART: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Index LevelEND: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
(ix) ISDA 
Rate: 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Matrix 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of the 
relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest Period, the 
first day of the next following Interest Period, provided that in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date] 
 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Fixing Time: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference Business Days] 
 
- 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[●]] 
 
- 
[Successor Benchmark 
Effective Date: 
[●]] 
 
- 
[Unscheduled Holiday: 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(2) Interest Period End 
Date/Maturity Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/Averagi
ng Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method] 
 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 256 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
256 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Specify other compounding method] 
 
(3) Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 257 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
257 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Specify other averaging method] 
 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(1) Index Method: 
 
 
 
[Standard Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift: 
Applicable 
 
 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
[Specify other index method] 
 
(x) Reference Rate Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference Rate: 
[●]/[None specified] 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable 
– 
Standard]/[Applicable 
– 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[Applicable 
– 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable]  
[Non-Representative: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 258 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
258 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+]/[-][●] per cent. per annum [(indicative only) but which may 
be higher or lower and in any event shall not be less than [●] 
per cent. per annum]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis]  
 
(xv) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined in the 
Master Conditions] 
 
(xvi) [Reference Rate Modification: 
[Specify 
consequences 
of 
changes 
to 
the 
definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate]]  
23 
 Variable-linked Interest Rate [Note] 
[Certificate] Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Provisions for determining 
coupon where calculated by 
reference to formula and/or other 
variable: 
[Specify] 
 
(ii) 
Formula/other variable: 
[Specify or annex details] 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iv) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(v) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[●]  
 
(vi) Business 
Day 
Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention 
 
(vii) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 259 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
259 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis]  
 
(x) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined in the 
Master Conditions] 
24 
 Default Interest: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
25 
 Specified Final Redemption Amount 
of each [Note] [Certificate]: 
[100 per cent. of its [Specified Denomination] [Unit Value]] 
[The [Notes] [Certificates] are Instalment [Notes] [Certificates], 
as further described in paragraph 29 below [and in the Annex 
(Redemption by Instalments) to these Pricing Terms]. The Final 
Redemption Amount of each [Note] [Certificate] shall be 
deemed to be satisfied by payment of the final Instalment 
Amount payable on or around the Maturity Date.]  
[Specify or annex details] 
26 
 Early Redemption Amount of each 
[Note] [Certificate]:  
[As defined in the Master Conditions]/[Specify or annex details] 
27 
 [Redemption by Instalment: 
An Instalment Amount shall be due and payable in respect of 
each [Note] [Certificate] on each Instalment Date. 
On each Instalment Date:  
(i) 
the [aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [number of 
Units of the Certificates] shall be reduced by an amount 
equal to the relevant Aggregate Instalment Amount 
relating to such Instalment Date; and 
(ii) 
the outstanding [principal amount] [number of Units] of 
each [Note] [Certificate] shall be reduced by an amount 
equal to the relevant Instalment Amount due on such 
Instalment Date, 
unless, in each case, payment of the Instalment Amount in 
respect of a [Note] [Certificate] is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding 
until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
[Specify or annex details]] 
28 
 [Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Condition: 
[Autocall Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Optional 
Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Other (Specify details)] 
 
(ii) 
[Autocall 
Termination 
Determination Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention]]

--- Page 260 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
260 
 
(iii) [Optional Termination Exercise 
Cut-off Date: 
[As per Master Swap Terms]/[●][, [in each case] subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the [Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business Day Convention]]  
 
(iv) Issuer Call Redemption Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) Issuer Call Redemption Amount 
of each [Note] [Certificate]: 
[●]  
 
(vi) Issuer Call Settlement: 
[Cash to Swap Counterparty]/[Delivery to Swap Counterparty] 
 
(vii) Issuer Call Settlement Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(viii) Issuer Call Period End Date: 
[●][, 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(ix) [Interest payable upon Issuer 
Call: 
[As per Master Conditions]]  
 
(x) [Autocall FX Rate: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] 
[spot]/[forward]/[other] 
(Specify 
details) 
exchange rate for [●] into [●]]  
 
(xi) [Autocall Valuation Method: 
[Spot]/[Forward]/[Other] (Specify details) dirty bid value]  
 
(xii) Substitution Knockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
29 
 Noteholder Early Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period: [●] 
30 
 Liquidation: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[Specify or annex details] 
31 
 Liquidation Period Cut-off: 
[10]/[30] Reference Business Days 
32 
 Relevant Regulatory Law Reference 
Date: 
[●]  
FURTHER TERMS 
33 
 Further terms: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE [NOTES] [CERTIFICATES] AND AGENTS 
34 
 Form of [Notes] [Certificates]: 
[Bearer [Notes] [Certificates]: 
 
 
[Temporary Global [Note] [Certificate] exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global [Note] [Certificate] which is exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Bearer 
[Notes] 
[Certificates] 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Conditions] 
  
[Temporary Global [Note] [Certificate] exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer [Notes] [Certificates] on [●] days’ notice 
  
If the Temporary Global [Note] [Certificate] is exchangeable for 
definitive [notes] [certificates] at the option of the holder, the

--- Page 261 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
261 
[Notes] [Certificates] shall be tradable only in amounts of at 
least the [Specified Denomination] [Unit Value] (or if more than 
one [Specified Denomination] [Unit Value], the lowest 
[Specified Denomination] [Unit Value]) provided in paragraph 
6(i) ([Specified Denominations] [Unit Value]) of these Pricing 
Terms and multiples thereof.] 
  
[Permanent Global [Note] [Certificate] exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Bearer 
[Notes] 
[Certificates] 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Conditions] 
  
[Registered [Notes] [Certificates]: 
  
[Global Registered Certificate exchangeable for Registered 
Certificates in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Conditions] 
  
[Registered 
Certificates 
other 
than 
Global 
Registered 
Certificates]] 
35 
 Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
36 
 New Global [Note] [Certificate] /held 
under New Safekeeping Structure: 
No 
37 
 Reference Business Day: 
[TARGET]/[TARGET Business Day]/[Specify other places, if 
relevant] 
38 
 Trustee, Agents, Custodian, Vendor: 
 
 
(i) 
Trustee: 
[Deutsche Trustee Company Limited]/[●] 
 (ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft]/[●] 
 (iii) 
Custodian: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Disposal Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft]/[●] 
 (v) 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch]/[●] 
 (vi) 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Registrar: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Transfer Agent(s): 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Vendor: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft]/[●] 
 
39 
Sale to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
40 
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients 
in Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers during [the Swiss 
KID Compliant Sales Period] [the period[s] [●] until [●]]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 262 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
262 
41 
[Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period: 
[Swiss Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until [specify 
date][[the date which falls [●] Reference Business Days after] 
the Issue Date]]] 
42 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Swiss Offer Period:  
[specify date] until [specify date]] 
 
[Withdrawal right according to Article 
63(5) of the Swiss Financial Services 
Ordinance (FinSO): 
[If an obligation to prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus according to Article 56(1) FinSA is triggered during 
the Swiss Offer Period, investors who have already subscribed 
or agreed to purchase or subscribe for [Notes] [Certificates] 
before any such supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
published have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the publication of 
such supplement regardless of whether the Swiss Offer Period 
closes prior to the expiry of such two day period.] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus for Swiss Non-exempt 
Offers: 
Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
[DETAILS RELATING TO THE CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX]  
43 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
44 
Eligible Currency: 
[Specify currencies]  
45 
[Additional Major Currency: 
[●]] 
46 
Delivery Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
47 
[Order in which Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) is to be transferred by 
the Issuer as Transferor: 
[●]] 
48 
[Order in which Equivalent Credit 
Support (VM) is to be transferred by 
the Swap Counterparty as 
Transferee: 
[●]] 
49 
Eligible Credit Support (VM): 
Subject to Paragraph 9(e) of the Credit Support Annex, if 
applicable, and each Credit Support Eligibility Condition (VM) 
applicable to it specified in Paragraph 11 of the Credit Support 
Annex, the Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the party specified 
(as the Transferor) shall be:  
 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the Swap 
Counterparty 
Description: 
Valuation Percentage: 
Cash 
in 
[the 
Base 
Currency]/[Specify 
relevant 
Eligible 
[100]/[●]%

--- Page 263 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
263 
Currencies if not all]/[an 
Eligible Currency] 
[insert other] 
[●]% 
 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the Issuer 
Description: 
Valuation Percentage: 
Cash 
in 
[the 
Base 
Currency]/[Specify 
relevant 
Eligible 
Currencies if not all]/[an 
Eligible Currency] 
[100]/[●]% 
The assets or property 
specified in these Pricing 
Terms as forming part of 
the Original Collateral 
[●]% 
Any 
other 
asset 
or 
property notified by the 
Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer in writing from time 
to time, provided such 
assets are available to the 
Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Series 
Such percentage as is 
notified by the Swap 
Counterparty to the 
Issuer in writing from 
time to time 
  
 
50 
Credit Support Eligibility Conditions 
(VM): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
51 
Minimum Transfer Amount for the 
Issuer: 
[●] 
52 
Minimum Transfer Amount for the 
Swap Counterparty: 
[●] 
53 
Valuation Date: 
[Each day from, and including, [the Issue Date]/[●] that is a day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
at least one Valuation Date Location of each of Party A and 
Party B, provided that the final Valuation Date shall be as set 
out in the Swap Agreement.] 
[[●] of each calendar week commencing on and including [●], 
provided that (i) if commercial banks are not open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in at least one Valuation Date Location for Party A 
and at least one Valuation Date Location for Party B (a day 
meeting such criteria, a “Valid Valuation Date”) on any such 
day, the Valuation Date shall be the immediately following Valid

--- Page 264 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
264 
Valuation Date and (ii) the final Valuation Date shall be as set 
out in the Swap Agreement.] 
[Insert days that will be Valuation Dates] 
54 
Valuation Date Location: 
In respect of Party A: [London]/[Specify other] 
In respect of Party B: [London]/[Specify other] 
55 
[Interest Rate (VM) for cash forming 
part of the Swap Counterparty’s 
Credit Support Balance (VM): 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate (VM)]] 
56 
[Interest Rate (VM) for cash forming 
part of the Issuer’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM): 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate (VM)]] 
57 
[A/365 Currency: 
[Insert any Eligible Currency that will be an A/365 Currency for 
the relevant Interest Rate (VM)]] 
DISTRIBUTION 
58 
Dealer: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft]/[●] 
59 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
60 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
  
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[[Insert relevant third party information] set out in paragraph [18] has been extracted from [specify source]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not conducted extensive due diligence on such 
information or made any enquiries as to its own possession of non-publicly available information.]] 
 
Signed on behalf of PALLADIUM SECURITIES IRELAND PLC (in its capacity as Issuer) 
 
 
By:  
Duly authorised

--- Page 265 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
265 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING: 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to [Euronext Dublin for the 
[Notes] [Certificates] to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on the 
Regulated 
Market][.][and] [[●].]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The [Notes] [Certificates] are not rated]/[The [Notes] 
[Certificates] to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[R&I: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[Specify if other: [●]] 
 
 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] [established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”)]/[not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the [Notes] 
[Certificates] is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”)] 
3 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES: 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
Use of initial payment due from the 
Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement: 
[As per Base Prospectus]/[Not Applicable]/[Specify if initial 
payment is to be used for anything other than the purchase of 
Original Collateral and/or making any payment under any 
Swap Agreement, for example payment of costs] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
4 
[Fixed Rate [Notes] [Certificates] 
only - YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Valoren: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 266 ---
APPENDIX 2 – FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
 
266 
 
[CFI: 
[●]  
 
[FISN: 
[●]  
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment

--- Page 267 ---
APPENDIX 3 – FORM OF NOTICE OF FINAL SIZE 
 
267 
APPENDIX 3 
FORM OF NOTICE OF FINAL SIZE 
Palladium Securities Ireland plc (the “Issuer”) with respect to Series 20[●]-[●] [Insert relevant 
currency] [●] [Insert title of Notes] due [●] (XS[●]) issued pursuant to its Secured Note Programme 
(the “Notes”) 
Capitalised terms used herein and not specifically defined will bear the same meanings as in the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] May 2024.  
The Issuer intends to issue the Notes under the terms of the Final Terms dated [●].  
As required pursuant to Article [17] of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the Issuer hereby notifies the Central 
Bank of Ireland that the principal amount of Series 20[●]-[●] shall be EUR [●]. 
 
Signed on behalf of PALLADIUM SECURITIES IRELAND PLC (in its capacity as Issuer) 
 
 
By: ________________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 268 ---
268 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS  
€STR .................................................................. 41 
100% Noteholders .............................................. 76 
2006 ISDA Definitions ........................................ 76 
2021 ISDA Definitions ........................................ 76 
2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version ........ 76 
2022 Accounts ................................................... 61 
2023 Accounts ................................................... 61 
Additional Belgian Note Conditions .................. 180 
Additional Redemption Event ............................. 77 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 42, 77 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ......................... 77 
Affected Instructing Noteholder ........................ 119 
Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral 
Amount ......................................................... 119 
AIF .................................................................... 195 
AIFM ................................................................. 195 
AIFMD .............................................................. 195 
Alternative Issue Document ............................... 91 
Applicable Law ................................................. 157 
Arranger ............................................................. 10 
Articles ............................................................... 61 
ATAD ............................................................ 23, 78 
ATAD I .......................................................... 23, 78 
ATAD II ......................................................... 23, 78 
Bank ................................................................. 152 
Base Currency ................................................. 198 
Base Prospectus ...................................... 224, 248 
Bearer Notes ...................................................... 11 
Belgian Consumer Conditions Annex .............. 180 
BEPS .................................................................. 23 
BMR ......................................................... 224, 248 
Board of Governors ............................................ 39 
Calculation Agent ............................................... 11 
CEA .............................................................. 5, 214 
CEL .................................................................. 183 
CFTC .................................................................... 5 
clearing system ................................................ 201 
Clearing System Business Day ........................ 153 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................................. 12 
Close-out Amount ............................................ 196 
Collateral .................................................... 63, 173 
Commission’s Proposal .................................... 212 
Corporate Services Provider .............................. 11 
Covered Entities ................................................. 39 
Covered QFC ..................................................... 39 
Credit Support Annex ......................................... 91 
Credit Support Balance (VM) ........................... 197 
CSA Cash Account ............................................ 37 
CSB Return Amount ................................. 164, 165 
Custodian ........................................................... 11 
Dealer ................................................................. 10 
Default Interest ................................................. 134 
Default of Original Collateral .............................. 97 
Definitive Bearer Notes ...................................... 11 
Definitive Registered Notes ................................ 12 
Delivery Amount (VM) ...................................... 197 
Delivery Cap ..................................................... 197 
Deutsche Bank ................................................. 189 
Disposal Agent.................................................... 11 
Disposal Agent Fees........................................... 94 
Distributions ...................................................... 199 
distributor ...................................................... 4, 247 
Early Redemption Trigger Date . 86, 136, 138, 139, 
140, 141, 142, 143 
Early Termination Date ....................................... 86 
Early Valuation Date ........................................... 86 
EEA ................................................................... 247 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) ............................. 197 
Eligible Currency ....................................... 197, 198 
EMIR ................................................................. 195 
Enforcement Event ............................................. 86 
Enforcement Notice .................................... 87, 163 
Equivalent Credit Support (VM) ........................ 197 
Equivalent Obligations ........................................ 87 
EU SFTR ............................................................ 50 
EURIBOR ........................................................... 40 
euro ..................................................................... 87 
Euroclear ...................................................... 12, 87 
EUWA ......................................................... 87, 217 
Event of Default .......................................... 87, 142 
Expected Call Date ............................................. 87 
Exposure ........................................................... 198 
Extended Interest Shortfall Amount .................. 134 
Extraordinary Resolution .................................... 87 
FATCA ................................................................ 87 
FATCA Amendments .................................. 87, 158 
FATCA Amendments Certificate ................. 87, 158 
FATCA Test Date ............................................. 137 
FATCA Withholding ............................................ 87 
Final Redemption Amount .................................. 87 
Final Rule ............................................................ 39 
Final Terms ......................................................... 87 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ......... 219 
Fitch .................................................................... 87 
Fixed Rate Note .................................................. 88 
Floating Rate Matrix ............................................ 88 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version ............ 88 
Floating Rate Note .............................................. 88 
Following Business Day Convention .................. 88 
foreign passthru payments ................................. 27 
FSB ..................................................................... 38 
FSMA ...................................... 4, 14, 217, 223, 247 
FTT ................................................................... 212 
FX Haircut Percentage ..................................... 198 
Global Note ......................................................... 88 
Global Registered Certificate .............................. 88 
Global Registered Certificates ............................ 12 
GloBE Rules ....................................................... 25 
Governmental Authority ...................................... 88 
GSIB ................................................................... 39 
holder .................................................................. 88 
IBORs ................................................................. 40

--- Page 269 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
269 
Identical Collateral .............................................. 88 
IGA ..................................................................... 87 
IGAs ................................................................... 27 
Illegality Event .................................................... 88 
Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate88 
Ineligible Investor ............................................... 89 
Information Reporting Regime ........................... 89 
Initial Issuer Application Date ....................... 89, 91 
Initial Reference Date ......................................... 89 
Instalment Amount ............................................. 89 
Instalment Date .................................................. 89 
Instalment Note .................................................. 89 
Instructing Noteholder Proportion ...................... 89 
Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage
 ........................................................................ 89 
Instructing Noteholders .............................. 89, 118 
Integral Multiples ................................................ 37 
interest ............................................................... 89 
Interest Amount .................................................. 89 
Interest Basis ..................................................... 89 
Interest Commencement Date ........................... 89 
Interest Determination Date ............................... 90 
Interest Payment Date ....................................... 90 
Interest Period .................................................... 90 
Interest Period End Date .................................... 90 
Interest Rate (VM) ............................................ 200 
Investment Company Act ..................................... 5 
Investor’s Currency ............................................ 40 
ISDA ................................................................... 90 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions .................... 90 
ISDA Definitions ................................................. 90 
ISDA Master Agreement .................................... 91 
ISDA Rate .......................................... 91, 124, 128 
Issue Date .......................................................... 91 
Issue Document ................................................. 91 
Issuer ................................................. 91, 224, 248 
Issuer Application Date ...................................... 91 
Issuer Bankruptcy Event .................................... 91 
Issuer Call Condition .......................................... 93 
Issuer Call Period End Date ............................... 93 
Issuer Call Redemption Amount ........................ 93 
Issuer Call Redemption Date ............................. 93 
Issuer Call Settlement Date ............................... 93 
Issuer CSA Posted Collateral ............................. 48 
Issuing and Paying Agent ............................ 10, 93 
LIBOR ................................................................ 40 
Liquidate ............................................................. 93 
Liquidated ........................................................... 93 
Liquidating .......................................................... 93 
Liquidation .......................................................... 93 
Liquidation Commencement Notice ................... 93 
Liquidation Event ................................................ 93 
Liquidation Expenses ......................................... 93 
Liquidation Period .............................................. 94 
Major Currency ................................................. 198 
Mandatory Disclosure Directive ......................... 25 
Master Agency Terms ........................................ 94 
Master Conditions .............................................. 94 
Master Custody Terms ....................................... 94 
Master Dealer Terms ......................................... 94 
Master Definitions .............................................. 94 
Master Forms of Notes ....................................... 94 
Master Repurchase and Cancellation Terms ..... 94 
Master Swap Terms ............................................ 94 
Master Terms Documents .................................. 94 
Master Trust Terms ............................................ 94 
Material Change Event ............................... 95, 105 
Material Change Event Date....................... 95, 105 
Maturity Cut-off Date ................................... 95, 167 
Maturity Date ...................................................... 95 
Maturity Date Liquidation Event .................... 93, 95 
Maturity Extension Date .............................. 95, 135 
MiFID II ............................................................. 247 
MIFIR ................................................................ 195 
Minimum Transfer Amount ............................... 198 
Modified Following Business Day Convention .... 95 
Moody’s .............................................................. 95 
Mortgaged Property .................................... 95, 173 
Negative Interest................................................. 96 
negligence ........................................................ 145 
New Original Collateral ............................... 96, 118 
Note Tax Event ........................................... 96, 136 
Noteholder .......................................................... 96 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option ................. 96 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise 
Notice ...................................................... 96, 142 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period...... 96 
Notes .......................................................... 96, 173 
Notes Currency ................................................... 40 
Obligation............................................................ 96 
OFPs ................................................................. 203 
Original Collateral ....................................... 96, 173 
Original Collateral Call ........................................ 97 
Original Collateral Call Early Payment Date ....... 97 
Original Collateral Conversion ............................ 97 
Original Collateral Default ................................... 97 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period... 98, 
143 
Original Collateral Disruption Event .................... 98 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment 
Notice ...................................................... 98, 150 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments
 .......................................................... 46, 98, 150 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments 
Certificate ................................................ 98, 150 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains
 ........................................................................ 98 
Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action 
Notice ...................................................... 98, 150 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption 
Notice ...................................................... 99, 150 
Original Collateral Failure to Pay ........................ 99 
Original Collateral Governmental Intervention .... 99 
Original Collateral Non-Call Event .............. 99, 135 
Original Collateral Obligor ................................... 99 
Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee................. 99 
Original Collateral Obligor Obligation ................. 99 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date ...... 100 
Original Collateral Reference Rate ................... 100 
Original Collateral Repudiation/Moratorium ...... 100 
Original Collateral Restructuring ....................... 100 
Original Collateral Substitution Criteria ............. 101

--- Page 270 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
270 
Original Collateral Substitution Notice ...... 102, 118 
Original Collateral Tax Event ................... 102, 137 
outstanding ....................................................... 102 
participating Member State .............................. 213 
Paying Agent(s) ................................................ 102 
Payment Currency ................................... 103, 167 
Permanent Global Note .............................. 12, 103 
Permitted Purchaser ............................................ 8 
PGN Exchange Date ........................................ 103 
Potential Event of Default ................................. 103 
PPT .................................................................... 23 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............... 103 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate . 103 
principal ............................................................ 103 
Priority Fallback ........................................ 103, 148 
Proceedings ..................................................... 179 
Programme ...................................................... 103 
Programme Deed ............................................. 103 
Published Average Rate .................................. 103 
QFCs .................................................................. 39 
R&I ................................................................... 103 
Rate of Interest ................................................. 104 
Rated Entity .............................................. 104, 156 
Rating Agency .................................................. 104 
Rating Agency Affirmation ................................ 104 
Receipts ........................................................... 104 
Record Date ............................................. 104, 152 
Redemption/Payment Basis ............................. 104 
Reference Business Day .................................. 104 
Reference Rate .......................................... 38, 104 
Reference Rate Cessation ............................... 104 
Reference Rate Default Event ................. 105, 141 
Reference Rate Event ...................................... 105 
Reference Rate Event Notice ................... 105, 146 
Reference Rate Trade Date ............................. 105 
Register ............................................................ 105 
Registered Certificate ................................. 12, 105 
Registered Note ............................................... 106 
Registered Notes ............................................... 11 
Registrar ..................................................... 11, 106 
Regular Settlement Day ................................... 199 
Regulation S ..................................................... 214 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments .... 106, 174 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate
 ...................................................................... 175 
Relevant Accountholder ................................... 120 
Relevant Holder ............................................... 199 
Relevant Party .................................................... 58 
Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount 164, 
165 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments .... 147 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments 
Certificate ..................................................... 147 
Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary 
Amendments ................................................ 147 
Replacement Reference Rate Notice ............... 147 
Representative Statement Event ..................... 105 
Representative Statement Event Date ............. 105 
Return Amount (VM) ......................................... 197 
Risk-Free Rate Event ....................................... 105 
Risk-Free Rate Event Date ............................... 105 
Rule 4.7 ........................................................ 5, 214 
SEC .................................................................... 28 
Secured Creditor ............................................... 173 
Secured Payment Obligations .......................... 173 
Securities Act ................................................ 5, 214 
Securities Collateral ............................................ 50 
Security ............................................................... 10 
SFTR .................................................................. 50 
SOFR .................................................................. 41 
SONIA ................................................................. 41 
special quorum ................................................. 170 
Stock Exchange Tax Representative ................ 204 
Suspended Payment Date ................................ 143 
Swap Agreement ........................................ 11, 173 
Swap Amendments ........................................... 174 
Swap Amendments Certificate ......................... 174 
Swap Counterparty ............................................. 11 
TCA ..................................................................... 23 
TEFRA ........................................................ 19, 212 
TEFRA C .................................................... 18, 212 
TEFRA D .................................................... 18, 212 
Temporary Global Note ...................................... 12 
Title Transfer Arrangement ................................. 49 
Title Transfer Counterparty ................................. 49 
Transfer Agent .................................................... 11 
Transferee .......................................... 50, 111, 197 
Transferor ........................................... 50, 111, 197 
Trust Deed ........................................................ 111 
Trustee ........................................................ 10, 111 
Trustee Application Date .................................. 111 
U.S. ................................................................... 112 
U.S. Credit Risk Retention Rules .................. 5, 214 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ....................... 39 
UK ......................................................... 4, 223, 247 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .......................... 4, 223, 247 
UK Prospectus Regulation........................ 223, 247 
UK SFTR ............................................................ 50 
Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount ......... 111 
Underlying Obligation ....................................... 111 
Underlying Obligor ............................................ 111 
unit .................................................................... 146 
United States .................................................... 112 
Unscheduled Holiday ........................................ 111 
Valid Valuation Date ................................. 241, 263 
Valuation Agent ................................................ 199 
Valuation Date .................................................. 199 
Valuation Percentage ....................................... 198 
Value ................................................................. 198 
Variable-linked Interest Rate Note .................... 112 
Vendor .............................................................. 112 
X . ..................................................................... 198 
Y . ..................................................................... 198 
Zero Coupon Note ............................................ 112

--- Page 271 ---
Issuer 
Palladium Securities Ireland plc 
Block A 
George’s Quay Plaza 
George’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Trustee 
Custodian and Issuing and 
Paying Agent 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited  
21 Moorfields  
London EC2Y 9DB  
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch  
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB  
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.  
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenaur  
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
Arranger, Calculation Agent, Dealer, Disposal Agent, Swap Counterparty and Vendor 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12,  
60325 Frankfurt am Main,  
Germany 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
to the Dealer and the Trustee 
in respect of English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London 
EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
to the Issuer 
in respect of Irish Law 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
 Ireland 
 
Listing Agent 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
 Ireland  
 
Printed by: 
Linklaters Business Services 
One Silk Street 
London 
EC2Y 8HQ 
 
3035172380