--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
PANDORA A/S 
(incorporated with limited liability in Denmark) 
EUR 1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), which is the Irish competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months from 
the date hereof.  The Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Such an approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of Pandora A/S (the "Issuer") nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base 
Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only 
to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months from the date hereof. Application will be made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months from 
the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.  
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.  The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
Exempt Notes.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated, including by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") and/or S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"). Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
on the ESMA website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). Ratings given by Moody's are endorsed by 
Moody's Investors Service Limited (UK), and the ratings given by S&P are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, each of 
which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of 
the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from the date of publication and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have 
no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Arranger 
NORDEA 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
DANSKE BANK 
MORGAN STANLEY 
NORDEA 
SEB 
UNICREDIT 
17 May 2024

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.  Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). 
All references herein to "Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to ascertain and verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or 
any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position 
of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as 
Sustainability-Linked Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will 
meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding assets with sustainability characteristics, labels 
(including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (which was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 30 November 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024) (the "EU 
Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the 
financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to 
time. None of the Dealers is responsible for monitoring, or reporting on, the satisfaction of the Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) (as defined in "Description of the Issuer – Sustainability" below). 
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Framework including the selection of the Issuer's Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs") or 
Sustainability Performance Targets ("SPTs") as defined therein and their alignment with any sustainability-
related standards.  Moody's has issued an independent opinion, dated 16 May 2024, on the Issuer's 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework and alignment with the ICMA SLB Principles (the "Second 
Party Opinion").  The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any 
Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security.  The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  No representation 
or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any 
other opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued 
as Sustainability-Linked Notes.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  The Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is 
issued.  The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other 
such opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein.  The Issuer's 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may 
differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, 
nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.  ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") " should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate.  Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates.  Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation").  If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  The registration status of 
any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the "SFA"). If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written 
notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
1,500,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
EUR at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of 
the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to 
United States dollars, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 
No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, and references to "DKK" are to the 
lawful currency of Denmark. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will 
be: (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation; and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms.  In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation.  In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain forward-looking statements.  The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause Pandora's actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding Pandora's present and future business strategies and the environment in which Pandora expects 
to operate in the future. 
Factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but are 
not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors".  Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-
looking statements to reflect any changes in its expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 8 ---
10278046299-v18 
 
70-41069626 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................................ii 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................................. vii 
OVERVIEW .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 6 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 28 
SUPPLEMENTS .................................................................................................................................. 29 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................................... 30 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 31 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................... 37 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 82 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 94 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 95 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................ 98 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 125 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 127 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 131 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .......................................................................................................... 134

--- Page 9 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in 
the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
The Issuer: 
Pandora A/S 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Danske Bank A/S, Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) and UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Programme Size:  
Up to EUR 1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at 
any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one 
or more Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of 
each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the 
issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches.  The Notes of each 
Tranche will also be subject to identical terms in all respects 
save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 10 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.  Interest 
(if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a 
combination thereof and the method of calculating interest may 
vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on 
the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
In respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes (as defined below), a 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is linked to the failure of 
the Issuer to achieve certain specified Sustainability 
Performance Targets in relation to any relevant KPI or the 
failure of the Issuer to report on such KPI(s) in relation to an 
applicable Base Year (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
If a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event applies to the Notes 
("Sustainability-Linked Notes") and, if Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Interest) applies, then the rate of interest in 
respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes may be subject to 
upward adjustment as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) applies, a

--- Page 11 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
premium amount may be payable as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which 
the applicable Final Terms indicates that Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Interest) is applicable: (i) if one Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an increase in the Rate of Interest by the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin will occur no more than 
once following the occurrence of the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event; (ii) if two or more Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms with only one Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Margin, an increase in the Rate of Interest will occur no more 
than once following the occurrence of one or more of the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events; and (iii) if two 
or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms together with two or 
more Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins, the related 
combination of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins relating 
to such Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events will be applicable 
for the remaining term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
following the occurrence of the relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Events in accordance with their terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the case of any Sustainability-Linked 
Notes that state only that Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Interest) is applicable, following any such increase to the Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest will not subsequently decrease 
to the initial Rate of Interest during the remaining term of such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and no Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount(s) will be payable as a result of the 
occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which 
the applicable Final Terms indicates that Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Premium) is applicable: (i) if one Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, only one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount 
shall be payable following the occurrence of the Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium); (ii) if two or more 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or with only one 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium 
Amount, 
only 
one 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount will be payable 
following the occurrence of one or more of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events; and (iii) if two or more 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms together with two or 
more Sustainability-Linked Premium Amounts, the related 
combination of Sustainability-Linked Premium Amounts will 
be payable following the occurrence of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events, in accordance with their 
terms. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes that state only that Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is applicable, no increase in 
the Rate of Interest will occur as a result of the occurrence of a 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event. 
See Condition 8 (Sustainability-Linked Notes).

--- Page 12 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional 
United Kingdom Securities Laws". 
Denomination of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Subscription 
and Sale", and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public either in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by the Kingdom of Denmark as provided in Condition 
13 (Taxation).  In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 13 (Taxation), be required 
to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 14(c) (Events of Default – Cross-
Default of Issuer or Subsidiary) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months from the date hereof to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.  TEFRA: C, D, or not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Status: 
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
Form: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated, including by 
Moody's and/or S&P.  
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and 
Dealer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith, will be governed by English 
law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Subscription and Sale". 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks.  See "Risk Factors". 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general corporate purposes of the Group, including the 
refinancing of existing indebtedness.  If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes is subject to risks. In addition to the other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before purchasing the Notes. If any of 
the events described in the risk factors below occurs, the Issuer's results of operations and financial 
condition could be materially and adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes. All of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur, and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the 
likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes. However, the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with the Notes for other reasons, and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below 
regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated 
by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Prospective 
investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Notes summarized in this 
section are the risks that the Issuer believes to be the most essential to an assessment by a prospective 
investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. However, as these risks relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider 
not only the information on the key risks summarized in this section, but also, among other things, should 
consult their financial, legal and tax advisers. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Market risks 
Macroeconomic and socio-political risks 
Jewellery is a highly discretionary product and growth in the jewellery industry is highly dependent on 
consumer spending and confidence. Economic downturns, inflation, financial market turbulence, currency 
exchange rate fluctuations, increasing interest rates, disturbances in energy and raw material supply and 
prices, primarily in Europe, as well as socio-political factors such as military conflicts, changes of 
government, civil unrest, pandemics, nationalization, expropriation, or nationalism could therefore have a 
material negative impact on the Issuer's capital investments, inventory, business activities and top- and 
bottom-line performance. 
For example, recent years' developments such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russian-Ukrainian war (the 
"War"), the armed conflict in Gaza and its dispersion to other countries in the region, including Yemen 
(the "Middle Eastern conflict"), the increase in tension in the Tawain strait, high inflation levels, 
increasing interest rates and disturbances in energy supply and increasing energy and raw material prices 
have all had a significant impact on macroeconomic conditions around the world which, in turn, directly 
impacts consumer confidence and average household disposable income (more particularly, the amount of 
household disposable income allocated to spending on discretionary products like jewellery). Although the 
Issuer primarily offers products at affordable price points, as opposed to high-end luxury, its average 
customer is in the mid-income bracket and therefore possibly even more sensitive than the high-income 
bracket to macroeconomic and socio-political factor driven negative effects on average household 
disposable income. 
While global economic growth rebounded strongly in 2021, primarily driven by increased consumer 
spending, the macro-economic outlook deteriorated significantly during 2022, and this trend has continued 
into 2023, where there seems to be consensus among market actors, financial institutions and economists 
that some degree of economic recession will continue to affect the global economy. 
The War and the sanctions and export-control measures instituted by the European Union, the United 
Kingdom, the United States, Canada and Japan, among others, against the Russian and Belarusian economy 
and persons and entities in response to the War have contributed, and will likely continue to contribute, to

--- Page 15 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
increased inflationary pressures (including increased prices of oil and natural gas), gas supply shortages, 
supply chain disruptions, market volatility and economic uncertainty, particularly in Europe. 
The Middle Eastern conflict has contributed to further geopolitical uncertainty and has directly affected 
international shipping lanes being slowed down or diverted away from the unhindered passage through the 
Suez Canal, and will likely contribute, to increased pressure on pricing (especially on goods to and from 
Asia), as well as increased lead time in supply chains, particularly affecting Europe (See "Supply and 
distribution disruption and retail risks" below). 
Further, any increase in tension in the Tawain strait could contribute to adverse geopolitical uncertainty, 
directly affecting international shipping lanes and the Issuer's ability to obtain raw materials and packaging 
material produced in and shipped from China (see "Risks related to shortage in raw materials and 
components" below). 
Deteriorating economic and political conditions may also adversely affect the financial health and 
performance of the Issuer's Retail Partners, on whom the Issuer depends for a large portion (22% share of 
revenue as of 31 December 2023) of its sales to end-consumers. This could result in a significant decrease 
in sales of the Issuer's products. 
Any economic downturn or recession, lower than expected growth, increasing interest rates, sustained rates 
of inflation or an otherwise uncertain economic outlook, either globally or in the markets in which the Issuer 
operates, or any perception thereof by the Issuer's customers, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to make repayments of interest on the Note and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to consumer demand and product offering 
The Issuer's success largely depends on its ability to continuously create new, innovative, and sustainable 
products that are regarded as relevant by existing and new customers. Changes in consumer demand can 
occur suddenly and unexpectedly and the success of the Issuer's products depends not only on market 
sentiments and trends, but also on other external factors which are hard to predict or control. 
Creating and offering products that resonate with consumers is critical to the success of the Pandora brand, 
especially considering Pandora's focus on attributes like collectability, affordability and sustainability and 
the fact that the Issuer drives a mono-brand operation. Collectability is a cornerstone of the Issuer's business 
model, and constantly offering consumers what they desire is crucial for driving repeat purchases and 
attracting new consumers. With every launch of a new collection, there is an inherent risk that consumers 
might not find the new products relevant and desirable, which could negatively impact the Pandora brand. 
This risk could be exacerbated if the Issuer's marketing activities and brand campaigns fail to generate 
consumer engagement and excitement. Moreover, due to collaboration with local and global business 
partners, as well as selected influencers, there is also a risk that marketing and brand campaigns with any 
one or more of them may fail to achieve their desired effect. 
Even more critical in the long term, however, are the risks of continuously overlooking new trends and 
failing to continuously and timely introduce and successfully commercialize new innovative products and 
designs. 
The Issuer's failure to identify and appropriately respond to shifts in trends or consumer demands, as well 
as to continuously and timely introduce relevant, successful product designs and innovations, could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely 
affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Risks related to brand relevance 
In addition to better and more relevant products, the Issuer's success also depends on its ability to create the 
most appealing brand experience at all consumer touchpoints, as well as successful collaborations with 
other brands. 
The relevance and desirability of the Pandora brand depends on the Issuer's ability to continuously drive 
meaningfulness, distinctiveness, and salience. This requires a clear brand identity that defines the Issuer

--- Page 16 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
and its Pandora brand, its values, how these values are applied in a contemporary context, and what 
distinguishes the brand from its competitors. In order to build emotional connections with the Pandora 
brand, its brand identity should be experienced at all levels of interaction by customers, employees, and 
other stakeholders, and the brand must be constantly refined as culture, values, and societies evolve. 
The desired emotional connections can be built only through insights into consumers' needs and passions, 
and the barriers consumers face. If the Issuer's insights are off-target or not properly realised, the Pandora 
brand's relevance could decline and the brand's relevance in key growth markets, such as Europe, North 
America, Latin America, Australia and Mainland China, could fail to flourish, both of which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, which could 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic and possible future pandemics 
Although the COVID-19 pandemic has abated in most parts of the world, new variants of the virus that 
causes COVID-19 and other viruses could emerge. New variants and/or new emerging virus outbreaks 
could negatively impact the Issuer's ability to successfully execute its business priorities. 
Widespread lockdowns, restrictions and containment measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
across the Issuer's retail markets led to traffic declines and, in many instances, temporary closures in the 
Issuer's own stores and its franchisees', distributors' and multi-brand dealers' ("Retail Partners") stores in 
2020, 2021 and 2022. If more harmful variants of the COVID-19 virus or new dangerous viruses were to 
emerge and governments around the world were to impose lockdowns, restrictions and other containment 
measures similar to those imposed to control the COVID-19 pandemic, this could have a significant 
negative impact on the Issuer's financial performance, as was the case in 2020 when the majority of all 
countries globally were impacted by COVID-19 governmental restrictions (and for which the Issuer 
recorded a 13% decline in revenue as compared to 2019). 
In addition to a pandemic's effect on retail sales through physical stores, new outbreaks, variants and viruses 
developing into new pandemic(s), together with the restrictions imposed to manage the related risks, such 
as closures of the Issuer's crafting facilities or distribution centres, as well as widespread illness in the 
Issuer's workforce, could negatively impact the Issuer's ability to satisfy orders by consumers and Retail 
Partners and could lead to sales and profit shortfalls, order cancellations, or excess inventory (arising from 
Retail Partners cancelling purchase orders or returning products to the Issuer). 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of 
interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to the competitive landscape and retail environment 
Changes in the competitive landscape and the retail environment could impact the Issuer's success, 
particularly given that jewellery is considered a discretionary item which competes with other discretionary 
categories, such as (but not limited to) travel, leisure activities, entertainment and dining. Strategic alliances 
among competitors or retailers, the increase in competing products and services, including unbranded 
products, and intense competition for consumers, crafting capacity and promotion partnerships between 
well-established industry peers and new market entrants all pose a substantial risk to the Issuer's 
performance. This could lead to harmful competitive behaviour, such as sustained less-profitable 
promotional periods in one or more markets or intense bidding for promotion partnerships. Failure to 
successfully apply sufficient pricing power on high volume products could threaten the Issuer's financial 
performance, in particular on profit margins. Lower access to, or inability to sustain, attractive shopping 
locations, such as (but not limited to) shopping malls and high streets could lead to sales shortfalls in the 
Issuer's own stores as well as those of its Retail Partners, higher inventories, increased clearance and 
promotional activity and profit margin pressure. The same would apply if customers were to spend on other 
discretionary items and services rather than the Issuer's products (see "Risk Factors – Macroeconomic and 
socio-political risks" above). 
The Issuer's business has historically been and is expected to continue to be highly seasonal, occasion-
driven and gifting-oriented, in particular in relation to key trading periods and holidays, including (but not 
limited to) Mother's Day, Valentine's Day, Black Friday, Double Eleven and Christmas, with a significant

--- Page 17 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
proportion of its sales and operating profit generated in these key trading periods, and, in particular, in the 
fourth quarter of the year. There is limited ability for the Issuer to compensate for shortfalls in sales or 
earnings by changes in its operations and strategies outside of key trading periods, or to recover from any 
extensive disruption during these periods due to any of the factors noted elsewhere in this "Risk Factors" 
section. 
Inability or failure to anticipate and adequately react to such unfavourable changes in the competitive and 
retail environment could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the 
Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to brand access 
The Issuer's business is evolving from primarily an in-store experience to engaging with consumers online, 
on social media and in virtual market-places, i.e. omni-channel retailing. Omni-channel retailing is rapidly 
evolving and the Issuer's success depends on its ability to keep pace with changing trends, consumer 
expectations and new initiatives by the Issuer's competitors. The Issuer's consumers are increasingly using 
computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop, determine product availability and complete 
purchases online. To remain competitive and relevant and to promote consumer loyalty, the Issuer must 
offer a consistent, engaging and convenient shopping experience for its consumers regardless of the sales 
channel. 
The Issuer operates a "full-service model" in its physical concept stores, and it is a critical requirement to 
have the right level of well-trained, available and competent staff to give the customers a good in-store-
experience. High staff turnover in key markets, caused by a very competitive recruitment environment, 
poses a risk to maintain the Issuer's in-store experience (see "Risk Factors – People Risks" below). 
The Issuer's failure to maintain and continuously improve its consumers' omni-channel shopping experience 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, 
which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to media and stakeholder activities 
The Issuer faces considerable risks if it is unable to uphold high levels of consumer awareness, affiliation 
and purchase intent for the Pandora brand. Adverse or inaccurate media coverage of its products or business 
practices, as well as negative social media discussion, may significantly harm the Issuer's reputation and 
brand image, lead to public misperception of the Issuer's business performance, and eventually result in a 
sales slowdown (see "Risk Factors – Regulatory compliance risks" below). Activism from political, non-
governmental and governmental organizations or other stakeholders, including pressure on the Issuer to 
substantially adjust operational practices or strategic initiatives, could create negative media coverage, as 
well as reputational damage, and result in additional costs or a disruption of business activities. 
In particular, there is a strong increase in public and consumer interest in sustainability and compliance 
matters, including topics such as the selection of supply partners, working conditions amongst the supplier 
landscape, the sustainability of (raw) materials and the reduction of emissions. Any appearance that the 
Issuer is neglecting these matters, or lagging behind the efforts of competitors, could have a significant 
negative impact on the Issuer's reputation and market share (see "Risk Factors – Risks related to climate 
changes" below). 
Sustainability matters are becoming increasingly salient among consumers across global markets, making 
it attractive for companies to leverage sustainability in their marketing efforts. The Issuer aims to bring 
several sustainability aspects of its product offering closer to the consumer, using sustainability claims to a 
greater extent as commercial selling propositions. If, at any point in time, the Issuer's sustainability claims 
in its marketing efforts, or in connection with product descriptions or attributes, turned out not to be 
sufficiently substantiated, the Issuer could suffer unfavourable backlash and attention from media, 
consumers and regulators, which could lead to reputational and financial harm to the Issuer. 
Stakeholder activism, negative media coverage and public and private legal actions in response to 
insufficiently substantiated sustainability claims could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's

--- Page 18 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks relating to global Chinese consumer spending 
The Issuer regards China as a market with one of the highest potentials for growth. If Chinese consumer 
spending patterns were to significantly deteriorate, there would likely be an adverse impact on the Issuer's 
future sales. Significant changes in the economic, regulatory, social or political environment in China, 
including a further health emergency or a natural disaster, may adversely impact Chinese domestic 
consumer confidence and/or disposable income. Any resulting depression in Chinese consumer spending 
patterns could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of 
operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes 
and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Supply and distribution disruption and retail risks 
Risks related to failure or breakdown of crafting facilities and OEM/ODM suppliers 
The Issuer operates a fully integrated value chain, and most of its jewellery production takes place in-house 
in crafting facilities in Bangkok and Lamphun, Thailand. Significant breakdown of, and/or physical damage 
to, the Issuer's crafting facilities could result in property damage and/or long-term business interruption 
which would adversely affect the Issuer's business. 
In 2022, the Issuer announced plans to build a new crafting facility in Vietnam to become more resilient to 
potential supply disruptions. The crafting facility is expected to start up production of jewellery in 2026 
and will increase the Issuer's total production capacity by approximately 60 million pieces. It will be 
difficult in the short- to mid-term for the Issuer to find appropriate alternative sources of production of 
similar volume in case the expansion of the production capacity is delayed. Any significant delay of the 
expansion of the production capacity would require the Issuer to seek the best available alternative sources 
of production, which could have a negative effect on inventory availability, sales and, ultimately, profits 
until such expansion is completed and fully operational and at the capacity needed. 
While the Issuer's crafting facilities account for most of the volume of jewellery sold by the Issuer, a smaller 
volume is produced at a limited number of Original Equipment Manufacturing ("OEM") and Original 
Design Manufacturing ("ODM") suppliers located both in Thailand and in other countries in East and 
Southeast Asia, Europe and the US. The Issuer's own crafting facilities in Thailand account for the world's 
largest jewellery production in terms of volume, which would make it difficult in the short- to mid-term for 
the Issuer to find appropriate sources of production of similar volume in case of significant disruption. Any 
significant or prolonged disruption of internal crafting operations would require the Issuer to seek the best 
available alternative sources of production, which could have a negative effect on inventory availability, 
sales and, ultimately, profits until such sources are eventually fully operational and at the capacity needed 
(see "Risk Factors – Business partner risks" below). 
Procurement of raw materials and components, and the ability to produce and distribute finished products, 
are critical for meeting customer demand. Lockdowns, strikes, breakdowns, energy shortages or rationing, 
political or military unrest, coup d'états, fire, or natural catastrophes at the Issuer's or its OEM and ODM 
suppliers' sites may result in disruption of the Issuer's supply chain and could have a significant impact on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to failure or breakdown of distribution facilities 
The Issuer operates a limited number of distribution facilities. A failure, breakdown, IT outage, major fire 
or other events affecting the operations of one or more of these facilities (see "Risk Factors – Risks related 
to business interruption and hazards" and "Risk Factors – IT and cyber security risks" below) could have 
a material disruptive impact on the Issuer's ability to supply its own network of physical stores, its e-
commerce business and its Retail Partners with product, which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition, and results of operations, which could, in turn, adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to repay the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 19 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
Risks related to shortage in raw materials and components 
For crafting purposes, the Issuer is heavily reliant on good-quality raw materials and components sourced 
from third parties. Any disruptive event impacting a supplier of raw materials could potentially have a 
significant negative impact on the Issuer's ability to maintain its production, either partly or wholly. The 
Issuer's failure to supply its products, or unexpected shortages, could adversely impact consumers, which 
could lead to a decline in consumer confidence vis-à-vis the Issuer and the Pandora brand, and may lead to 
lower revenue that could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, 
which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Business partner risks 
The Issuer interacts and enters partnerships with various third parties, such as influencers, agencies, creative 
partners, innovation partners, Retail Partners, and suppliers of goods and services, including OEM and 
ODM suppliers. The Issuer is therefore exposed to a multitude of business partner risks. 
The Issuer relies heavily on Retail Partners for its business, but has only a limited level of control over 
these Retail Partners who, by nature, are independent third parties. While the Issuer has set out certain 
requirements in its franchisee handbook, and provides ad hoc instructions, guidelines and advice 
(applicable only for franchisees and distributors), there is no guarantee that these rules or guidelines are 
actually followed. Retail Partners also enjoy considerable freedom and can, for example, initiate their own 
marketing events. If any action taken by a Retail Partner is in breach of applicable legislation, both the 
Retail Partner and the Issuer could be subject to litigation. Therefore, a franchisee's failure to comply with 
the Issuer's franchisee handbook, instructions or guidelines, and/or applicable legislation, could damage the 
Issuer's reputation and result in litigation. Termination of a franchisee or distributor arrangement may not 
be sufficient to shield the Issuer, given that a franchisee's or distributor's potential non-compliance with the 
franchise, or during a crucial distribution period, might negatively affect, and could legally bind, the Issuer 
upon expiry of the franchise period, and in the event the Issuer assumes control of the former franchisee- 
or distributor-operated store(s). 
The Issuer works with strategic partners in various areas of its business (e.g., collaboration and license 
partnerships), within product creation and market communication; and with Retail Partners in several 
markets. The business practices and standards of such strategic partners and Retail Partners might differ 
from those of the Issuer, which could also negatively impact the Issuer's business performance and 
reputation. In addition, failure to maintain strong relationships with its business partners and Retail Partners 
could negatively impact the Issuer's sales and profitability. 
Risks may also arise from a dependency on specific types of partners. For example, the overdependency on 
a supplier or customer increases the Issuer's vulnerability to production, delivery and sales shortfalls, 
respectively, and could lead to significant profit-margin pressure. Business partner default (including 
insolvency) or other disruptive events, such as strikes, may negatively affect the Issuer's business activities 
and result in additional costs and liabilities as well as lower sales (see "Risk Factors – Risks related to 
failure or breakdown of crafting facilities and OEM/ODM suppliers" and "Risk Factors – Risks related to 
shortage in raw materials and components" above as well as "Risk Factors – Credit and financial 
counterparty risks" below). 
Unethical business practices by the Issuer's business partners, and improper behaviour of individuals, could 
have a negative spillover effect on the Issuer's reputation, lead to higher costs or liabilities or even disrupt 
business activities.  A public conflict with a (former) business partner could also have a negative impact on 
the Issuer's reputation. 
Retail Partners' sale of the Issuer's products in unauthorized channels and/or on unauthorized marketplaces 
may lead to brand damage and loss of sale opportunities for the Issuer. Particularly, in the event of 
discontinuation of the business relationship with a Retail Partner, the Issuer may not be obliged or entitled 
to buy back stock from the former Retail Partner, who might choose to sell the stock to unauthorized dealers 
and/or in unauthorized channels after termination. 
Underperformance, misconduct, or the complete loss of critical business partners, as well as business 
interruption at a critical business partner, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation,

--- Page 20 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to 
make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Operational risks 
Execution of strategic plans 
In September 2021, the Issuer launched its current strategy, "Phoenix" (see "Description of the Issuer – 
Business Strategy" below). Phoenix is focused on the opportunities in the Issuer's core business and has 
four pillars aimed at delivering sustainable and profitable revenue growth: Brand, Design, Personalisation 
and Markets. The Issuer's success depends on the quality of underlying analysis and predictive accuracy of 
decisions, the ability to execute strategic decisions, and the relevance of the Pandora brand and collections 
to consumers around the world. Consumers' changing expectations require the Issuer to continuously 
evaluate and, if necessary, adapt its business model, focusing on new technology. 
The Phoenix strategy was developed based on the best available knowledge. However, the analysis of the 
Issuer's strategic position, the assessment of customer needs, trends and potential market disruptions, and 
the focus of Pandora's collection roadmap include an element of business judgement, and the Issuer's overall 
strategy or the strategy in individual markets may prove not to be effective. Development and deployment 
of products and content through communication channels may not create sufficient brand "heat" and 
engagement globally, (see "Risk Factors – Risks related to consumer demand and product offering" and 
"Risk Factors – Risks related to brand relevance" above). In addition, there is a risk of making wrong 
business decisions, implementing decisions poorly or inconsistently, or being unable to adapt to changes in 
the operating environment, any of which would have an adverse impact on the value of the Issuer's business 
and market confidence in the Pandora brand. 
Any strategic errors or a flawed or inconsistent implementation of the Issuer's strategy, including with 
respect to the allocation of capital expenditures, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to 
make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
IT and cyber security risks 
Reliable IT systems and infrastructure are critical to the Issuer's ability to operate effectively. In addition, 
the Issuer has a duty to safeguard the data of its customers, business partners (see "Risk Factors – Business 
partner risks" above) and employees, as well as its own proprietary data. IT security breaches, including, 
but not limited to, those caused by malware attacks, theft, leakage or corruption, creating unavailability of 
critical information, could have a severe impact on the Issuer's ability to maintain operations, such as key 
business processes, product marketing, order management, warehouse management, invoice processing, 
customer support and financial reporting. Significant outages, application failures or cyber security threats 
to the Issuer's infrastructure, or that of its business partners, including Retail Partners, could therefore result 
in considerable business disruption and an adverse impact on the integrity of business-critical data. The 
disclosure of confidential information could compromise the privacy of customers or other individuals and 
systems and could lead to reputational damage, regulatory penalties or the inability to perform key business 
processes. 
Operating a global company with a fully integrated value chain is dependent on stable and efficient IT 
systems. The Issuer operates a number of legacy IT systems, including the current Enterprise Resource 
Planning ("ERP") system, and should it fail or otherwise be unable to upgrade its IT systems in a timely, 
precise and efficient manner, this could have a negative effect on the Issuer's operations and financial 
results. Further, a lack of interoperability and the obsolescence of core IT systems could have adverse 
consequences for operational efficiency and business continuity. 
Should the Issuer fail to quickly identify and adequately respond to unavailability of critical information 
and systems, as well as cyber security incidents, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to 
repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Project risks 
To effectively support further business growth and improve efficiency and security, the Issuer continuously 
invests in new projects, such as the creation, implementation, expansion or harmonization of IT systems,

--- Page 21 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
(e.g. ERP, point of sales, workforce management, crafting operations management, order and warehouse 
management, comprehensive cyber security programs, distribution centre network, sales and distribution 
channels (online and offline)) (see "Risk Factors – IT and cyber security risks" above) and other growth-
generating projects, such as the Issuer's loyalty programme, "My Pandora". Ineffective project management 
could delay the execution of critical projects and lead to higher expenditures. Inadequate project planning 
and controlling, as well as executional mistakes, could cause inefficiencies, delays or business disruption, 
resulting in higher costs and sales shortfalls. Inappropriate project governance, prioritization and oversight 
of the project portfolio may lead to suboptimal resource allocation and undesired project results. 
Ineffective project management and delays in project execution could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to inventory planning and management 
Both with its OEM and ODM suppliers (see "Risk Factors – Business partner risks" above), as well at its 
own crafting facilities, the Issuer plans and initiates crafting of products several months in advance of them 
appearing in its own stores and its network of Retail Partners, hence it is exposed to inventory risks relating 
to sudden or otherwise unexpected shifts, declines or misjudgements of consumer demand at the time of 
production planning. 
Sudden or otherwise unexpected shifts, declines or misjudgements in demand and forecasting, for example 
triggered by macroeconomic and socio-political risks (see "Risk Factors – Macroeconomic and socio-
political risks" above) or external events, such as a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic (see "Risk 
Factors – Risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic and possible future pandemics" above), have the 
potential to result in excess inventories. This can have negative implications for the Issuer's financial 
performance, including higher levels of clearance and promotional activity and inventory obsolescence, as 
well as reduced liquidity due to higher operating working capital requirements, forcing it to offer the 
inventory at discounted prices or remelting it at the expense of lower revenue and profit margins. 
Similarly, a sudden or otherwise unexpected increase in demand can lead to inventory shortfalls, in both 
the Issuer's own stores and its network of Retail Partners. In this situation, the Issuer faces the risk of missed 
sales and/or customer disappointment, which could lead to a reduction in brand loyalty and hurt the Issuer's 
reputation. In addition, the Issuer faces potential profitability impacts from overtime wages to its production 
staff, increased costs to OEM and ODM suppliers (see "Risk Factors – Business partner risks" above), as 
well as additional handling and transportation costs in the efforts to speed up replenishment. 
If the Issuer fails to adequately assess consumer demand and to plan production and delivery accordingly, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of 
operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes 
and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
People risks 
The Issuer's business is highly dependent on its ability to attract and retain talented employees, including 
at senior leadership levels. In this respect, strong leadership and a performance-enhancing culture are 
critical to the Issuer's success. 
Ineffective leadership, as well as failure to instil and maintain a performance-oriented culture, while also 
focusing on succession, diversity, equity, inclusion and strong employee engagement, could materially 
impede the Issuer's ability to achieve its goals. Ineffective leadership and poor, unbalanced, or insufficient 
resource allocation to value-creating activities, as well as improper and untimely planning and execution 
of organizational changes and people-transformation initiatives, may reduce employee engagement and 
cause business interruption and inefficiencies. In addition, global competition for highly talented and 
experienced personnel remains fierce, and historic employer loyalty levels are challenged. As a result, the 
inability to recruit and retain key personnel in strategic positions and skilled talent in general, in particular 
amongst retail staff, could adversely affect the Issuer's business and financial performance. 
The Issuer's ambitious strategy and fast-paced environment entails a risk of lower employee engagement 
and resilience, thus impacting the Issuer's ability to retain talented employees and senior leadership. In 
addition, the Issuer operates across, and controls, a fully-integrated value chain, from sourcing and

--- Page 22 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
production to distribution and retail activities in its own operated stores, as well as wholesale sales through 
Retail Partners, thus entailing risks of organizational misalignment and fatigue, greater complexity and 
longer decision-making processes. 
Ineffective leadership, failure to recruit and retain talented and skilled employees as well as organizational 
misalignment and complexity could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation, business, 
financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make 
payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to business interruption and hazards 
Major incidents in countries in which the Issuer operates, has its main locations and crafting sites, or where 
its suppliers are located, may significantly interrupt the Issuer's ability to conduct business in the ordinary 
course. Such incidents could be caused by a wide range of events, including, but not limited to, natural 
catastrophes and phenomena, major fires, or pandemics (see "Risk Factors – Market risks" above), as well 
as political and military unrest, trade wars and other types of geo-political tensions. Ongoing political and 
regulatory changes could also make it more difficult for the Issuer's fully integrated supply chain to source, 
craft and distribute products internationally. As an example, the War, as well as sanctions and export-
control measures, have caused the Issuer to suspend its supply of product to its then-Russian and Belarus 
Retail Partners, leading, in-effect, to a closure of the Russian and Belarus markets, (see "Risk Factors – 
Macroeconomic and socio-political risks" above). 
These types of events could damage the Issuer's crafting sites and facilities, its own stores, as well as those 
of its Retail Partners, and its distribution facilities and offices, or disrupt its operational processes, leading 
to loss of sales, higher cost, and a decline in profitability. Risks related to external hazards, political unrest 
or regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation, business, financial 
condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of 
interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Insurance risks 
The Issuer may incur costs due to inadequate insurance cover, including, but not limited to, property, 
business interruption and product liability. The Issuer aims to maintain insurance coverage that maintains 
an acceptable level of risk in accordance with the Issuer's risk profile. While the Issuer has been able to 
obtain insurance coverage in the past to partially cover its primary known business risks, there can be no 
assurances that insurance coverage will be available in the future or that the Issuer will be able to maintain 
adequate insurance coverage on terms acceptable to the Issuer. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that 
the insurance coverage obtained will always prove to be sufficient or that the Issuer's insurance carriers will 
not dispute their coverage obligations. In addition, there is generally no or limited insurance coverage for 
certain risks such as war, strikes, terrorism, communicable diseases and pandemics, explosions, punitive 
damages and consequential loss. Moreover, if the Issuer makes claims under its insurance policies, claims 
handling costs and relevant insurance premiums and deductibles may rise in the future. 
Risks related to climate change 
The Issuer is exposed to risks associated with climate change comprising both transitional risks and physical 
risks. The transition from a linear economy to a circular economy entails a range of transitional risks to the 
Issuer, such as the demand for more sustainable products and packaging and further legal requirements with 
focus on Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") for the supply chain. 
A primary transitional risk is the actual and potential development in climate-related policy and regulation. 
Future policy actions, both at a national and EU level, may seek to either constrain actions which contribute 
to the adverse effects of climate change or promote adaptation. Examples include the implementation of a 
carbon tax, tightening of energy efficiency standards or extended producer responsibility. In addition, the 
Issuer may need to comply with regulatory developments that may include new disclosure or reporting 
requirements to address climate-related issues.  Moreover, the Issuer has committed to report step-by-step 
according to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD"), 
and has pledged to ensure alignment with the Paris Agreement under the UN Framework Convention on 
Climate Change setting targets for 1.5°C science-based emission reduction for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.

--- Page 23 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
The Issuer has the stated aim to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in own operations and in its fully 
integrated value chain by 50% by 2030 and to achieve net zero emissions by 2040. In addition, in 2020 the 
Issuer announced its target to stop procuring newly mined silver and gold for its jewellery by 2025 and by 
then only procure from recycled sources. The Issuer has accomplished the transition to recycled silver and 
gold in 2023. There is limited global supply of and increased demand for recycled metals, including silver 
and gold, which drives up their prices, hence there is a risk for the Issuer of increased production costs and 
negative impact on profit margins. In addition, despite high levels of control in the procurement of recycled 
metals, there is still to date limited traceability in the silver and gold supply chain as to the source and origin 
of the metal, which in case of any fraud in the supply chain could cause adverse media focus on the Issuer 
(see "Risk Factors – Risks related to media and stakeholder activities"). 
Failure to comply with these targets could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of 
interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Issuer is also subject to physical risks related to climate change such as extreme weather patterns 
affecting supply chains, rising temperatures, changes in precipitation patterns, fluctuations in water levels 
or more frequent occurrence of extreme temperatures, droughts or other extreme meteorological 
phenomena, such as cyclones, earthquakes or hurricanes, which is part of the reason for following the TCFD 
recommendations. Such physical effects of climate change can negatively impact the Issuer's crafting and 
distribution infrastructures and supply chains that it depends on (see "Risk Factors – Risks related to 
business interruption and hazards" above). They can also add insurance costs to the Issuer's management 
of its operations (see "Risk Factors – Insurance risks" above). 
Financial risks 
Risks related to changes in the Issuer's financial condition 
The Issuer's business regularly requires significant levels of capital investments, including product and 
design development, crafting and maintenance and expansionary expenditures, as well as significant 
spending on marketing, projects as part of key strategic initiatives, store openings and refurbishments and 
entries into new markets. Any adverse change in the Issuer's financial position, as a result of any of the 
risks described in this section "Risk Factors", could result in it being more difficult for the Issuer to access 
sources of financing at commercially acceptable rates and terms or at all. As a result, the Issuer may not be 
able to fund required capital expenditures or its growth ambitions in the current Phoenix strategy, which 
would have an adverse effect on its ability to maintain or expand its crafting capacity, maintain and extend 
the relevance and recognition of the Pandora brand and product offering, defend its competitive position or 
meet customer demand. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation, business, 
financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make 
payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to financing arrangements 
The Issuer has issued EUR 500,000,000 4.500 per cent. Sustainability-Linked Notes due 10 April 2028 
under the Programme (the "Notes") and is a party to the following financing facility agreements (the 
"Facility Agreements"): a EUR 950,000,000 revolving credit facility maturing in 2027, a EUR 
100,000,000 amortising loan maturing in 2030 and a DKK 2,000,000,000 term loan maturing in 2025 
(together, the "Financing Arrangements"). The Facility Agreements contain various restrictive covenants 
such as restrictions on disposals, mergers, change of business, negative pledge and requirements as to 
financial information and a financial covenant. Additionally, a violation of certain sanctions (as specified 
in the Facility Agreements) will give each lender under the Facility Agreements a right to demand 
repayment of (and to cancel) its part of the facilities thereunder. 
In the event of a default under the Financing Arrangements (which may occur due to circumstances beyond 
the Issuer's control), the lenders or noteholders, as the case may be, could terminate their commitments or 
requirement repayment of the Notes and the Issuer's borrowings thereunder could become immediately due 
and payable. Defaulting under the Financing Arrangements could also result in a cross-default on the 
Issuer's other financing agreements. 
The Issuer's assets and cash flow may not be sufficient to fully repay these debts in such circumstances, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of

--- Page 24 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes 
and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Currency and commodity risks 
The majority of the Issuer's activities and investments are conducted in foreign currencies. The Issuer has 
significant net cost in Thai baht (THB) and US dollars, due to the location of its crafting facilities in 
Thailand as well as a substantial portion of Pandora's cost relates to raw materials purchased in US dollars, 
and significant net income in US dollars, EUR, AUD, MXN, CAD, CNY and GBP, and is therefore exposed 
to currency fluctuations in cash flow and in the income statement. 
Further, the Issuer is exposed to commodity price fluctuations with respect to precious metals, primarily, 
but not limited to, silver and gold for use as raw materials in the crafting process. 
While the Issuer seeks to partly reduce the impact of exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations 
through derivative hedging instruments, there is no guarantee that sufficient derivative hedging instruments 
will be available on acceptable terms at the time they are desired or that the scope of the hedging activities 
will fully meet actual requirements. As a result, the Issuer's hedging strategy may prove to be ineffective. 
Furthermore, the value of derivative hedging instruments is subject to market fluctuations, which may result 
in mark-to-market losses. 
Unhedged fluctuations in currency and commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, including profit margins, which could 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Interest rate risks 
The Issuer's exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to cash, borrowings, 
short-term deposits and overdrafts. The Issuer is also exposed to future cashflow fluctuation risks due to 
changes in market interest rates. Although the Issuer's overall exposure to interest rate risks is low, 
significant changes in interest rates may have an impact on the Group's financial results. 
Risks related to indirect and direct tax regulations 
Numerous laws and regulations regarding indirect and direct taxes as well as changes in such laws and 
regulations affect the Issuer's business practices worldwide. Non-compliance with regulations concerning 
corporate income taxes, customs, VAT and other indirect taxes, transfer pricing and withholding taxes 
could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage and 
therefore reputational damage, for example in case of understatements or underpayments of corporate 
income taxes or customs duties. Changes in regulations regarding indirect and direct taxes may also have a 
substantial impact on the Issuer's indirect or direct taxes. Increasingly aggressive positions taken by tax and 
customs authorities in audits could increase the potential impact of such risks and the likelihood that they 
materialise. 
As a result of the location of its crafting facilities in Thailand, the Issuer enjoys certain time-limited tax 
privileges under the Thai Board of Investment (BOI) scheme, the continuation of which is associated with 
certain conditions, for example investment size, fixed assets requirements, machines layout, production 
processes, production capacity and sales income. To the extent the Issuer is not able to comply with these 
conditions the benefits could be forfeited, leading to increased tax expenses. 
The core principles of the international tax landscape will change with effect for the Issuer from 2024. 
Almost all countries in the G20/OECD Inclusive Framework on BEPS (base erosion and profit shifting) 
have signed up to a joint political statement on the agreed components of their 'two-pillar' approach to 
global tax reform, where only Pillar 2 is relevant for the Issuer. Pillar 2 sets out global minimum tax rules 
designed to ensure that large multinational businesses pay a minimum effective rate of tax of 15% on profits 
in all countries where such business is located or have subsidiaries, and thus is expected to increase the 
Issuer's consolidated income tax expense, which however may be partly offset by benefits to the Issuer’s 
effective tax rate. 
Should the Issuer fail to comply with indirect or direct tax regulations, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, which could

--- Page 25 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Risks related to liquidity 
The Issuer's ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled payments on its debt 
obligations, including those under Notes issued under the Programme, will depend on its future financial 
performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive, regulatory, legislative and 
business factors, many of which are outside the Issuer's control. If the Issuer is unable to meet debt service 
obligations or comply with covenants, a default under debt agreements would occur, which, depending on 
the debt instrument, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the 
Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to access to financing 
The Issuer's business regularly requires significant levels of capital investments, including product design 
and development, manufacturing and maintenance and expansionary expenditures, as well as significant 
spending on design. Any adverse change in the Issuer's financial position, as a result of any of the risks 
described in this section "Risk Factors", could result in making it more difficult for the Issuer to access 
sources of financing at commercially acceptable rates and terms or at all. As a result, the Issuer may not be 
able to fund required capital expenditures or its design activities, which would have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer's ability to maintain or expand its manufacturing capacity, defend its competitive position or meet 
customer demand. 
Credit and financial counterparty risks 
The Issuer has no significant concentrations of credit risk.  However, as a result of the global uncertainty 
arising from the current and expected macro-economic environment (see "Risk Factors – Macroeconomic 
and socio-political risks" above) and potentially an escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic (see "Risk 
Factors – Risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic and possible future pandemics" above), the Issuer's 
credit risk may rise to the effect that the Issuer may be required to further increase its expected loss rates 
for trade receivables and make future impairments in its reported financial results. 
The Issuer's inability to effectively collect outstanding trade receivables and increased impairments could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, including profit 
margins. 
Financial instruments that potentially expose the Issuer to significant concentrations of credit risk consist 
principally of the Issuer's cash pool and other cash and deposits and derivatives. The Issuer maintains cash 
pools with several of its core banks as well as bank deposits, and short- and long-term investments with 
various financial institutions approved by the Issuer. These expose the Issuer to the risk that its 
counterparties may not for any reason fulfil their obligations to the relevant subsidiary in the Issuer's Group. 
The Issuer is also exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties to derivative 
instruments. 
A counterparty's non-performance of its obligations to a company in the Issuer's Group could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely 
affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Legal and compliance risks 
Risks related to changes in regulations 
Given the Issuer's multinational activities throughout the entire value chain from sourcing, crafting, 
distribution and sales, the Issuer must comply with and is affected by a large number of different legal and 
regulatory frameworks. Changes in these frameworks including (but not limited to) with respect to existing 
or new requirements relating to health and safety, ESG, human rights compliance in the Issuer's supply 
chain, trade restrictions, ability to repatriate funds from subsidiaries, restrictions on the ability to own or 
operate subsidiaries or acquire new businesses in certain countries, insufficient protection of intellectual 
property, impairment of the Issuer's ability to enforce contracts, or the imposition of withholding or other

--- Page 26 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
taxes and transfer pricing regulations may materially adversely affect the Issuer's legal and regulatory 
environment. 
The materialisation of any of these risks or other related risks could severely impact the Issuer's sourcing, 
sales, production, operations and logistics, could lead to a loss of customers and access to customers, or a 
loss of know-how and tangible and intangible property, and could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Intellectual property risks 
As a global consumer and lifestyle brand, which highly relies on brand awareness and design innovation, 
the Issuer's Pandora brand and product designs are frequent targets of counterfeiting, imitation and 
replication. In the event of the Issuer's failure to implement and manage effective and sufficient brand 
protection initiatives and controls, the offering and sale of a significant number of counterfeits and other 
infringing products could lead to lost sales and profits and negatively impact the value and reputation of 
the Pandora brand. 
The Issuer devotes substantial resources to the protection of its intellectual property rights, including by 
registering its core trademarks and design rights for selected designs and by patenting its relevant 
innovations, in all relevant markets. The Issuer also devotes substantial resources to preserve a high level 
of consumer recognition. As a result of the Issuer's enforcement and defence of its brand and intellectual 
property rights, the Issuer might be involved in legal disputes and proceedings in different jurisdictions. 
A lack of global overview and control over identifying its intellectual assets, registering/protecting these, 
and enforcing the Issuer's intellectual property rights and challenging third parties' alleged intellectual 
property rights, might lead to loss of opportunities, loss of access to the market, and brand damage. 
The Issuer is continuously identifying new market trends and consumer preferences which may have an 
impact on the Issuer's overall business strategy. The Issuers' failure to identify these new market trends – 
and to ensure proper intellectual property rights registration or other protection in the outcome – may have 
adverse effects on the Issuer's success and access to the market with new initiatives. 
Legal action taken against the Issuer because of the Issuer's use of designs, design elements, product names, 
product or production technologies, or other intellectual property alleged to infringe claimed intellectual 
property rights of a third party, may result in the loss of rights to use those designs, design elements, product 
names, product or production technologies or other rights. In addition, the Issuer may be required to make 
royalty payments, or have other financial commitments imposed on it, or suffer withdrawal of products and 
market communication from the market, legal costs and reputational damage. 
Ineffective brand protection measures, the Issuer's failure to protect its intellectual property rights, and the 
Issuer's own violation of third-party intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Risks related to litigation, arbitration, and governmental proceedings 
From time to time, the Issuer is involved in, or threatened with, legal, arbitration and governmental 
proceedings in the ordinary course of its business, including audits, disputes with employees, competitors, 
customers, Retail Partners, suppliers, competition authorities, regulators and other authorities, purported 
whistle-blowers, or regulatory agencies regarding, for example (but not limited to) breaches of contract, 
product liability, product defects, intellectual property infringement, data privacy and cybersecurity, 
logistics or crafting-related topics, quality regulations, environmental or employment issues, termination of 
business relationship, and/or alleged or suspected violations of applicable laws in various jurisdictions. 
The outcome of pending or potential future legal, arbitration and governmental proceedings including audits 
is, as a general matter, difficult to predict. If such proceedings are determined against the Issuer, the Issuer 
may be subject to fines, required to change its business practices or may incur liabilities or monetary losses, 
some of which may not be covered by its existing insurance policies and may be significantly disruptive to 
the operation of the Issuer's business. In addition, the costs and penalties related to litigation, arbitration 
and governmental proceedings including audits may be significant. Exposure to litigation, whether directed

--- Page 27 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
at the Issuer, its employees and executives, customers, suppliers, or Retail Partners or the Issuer's respective 
business partners, could also result in the distraction of management resources and materially adversely 
affect the Issuer's reputation or the reputation of the Issuer's products. 
Regulatory compliance risks 
As a company operating on a global scale, the Issuer is subject to a significant number of laws and 
regulations. Non-compliance with such laws and regulations by the Issuer itself or any business partner, 
including Retail Partners, could lead to penalties and fines and cause significant reputational damage for 
the Issuer. For example, non-compliance with laws and regulations concerning human rights, ESG, data 
protection and privacy, may result in substantial fines and loss of consumer trust, thus resulting in 
reputational damage. Similarly, engaging in non-compliant conduct with respect to anti-competition rules 
may result in significant fines and civil liability. The Issuer also faces the risk that members of top 
management as well as its employees may breach rules and standards that guide appropriate and responsible 
business behaviour, including, but not limited to, fraud, financial misstatements or manipulation, bribery, 
corruption, workplace discrimination and harassment. 
The Issuer's compliance framework and programme may prove to be inadequate to prevent and discover 
breaches of laws and regulations and to identify, evaluate and take appropriate countermeasures against 
relevant risks. In addition, individual employees, suppliers or distributors may not adhere to the letter or 
spirit of the Issuer's Code of Conduct or its underlying compliance framework and hierarchy of policies, 
standards and local addenda that require and are designed to help guide all employees to comply with 
applicable laws and regulations. However, the Issuer's Code of Conduct as well as the underlying 
compliance framework and hierarchy of policies, standards and local addenda may be insufficient, and may 
intentionally or unintentionally violate applicable laws and internal policies, standards and addenda. 
Furthermore, the Issuer's compliance framework and programme may not be appropriate for the Issuer's 
size, complexity and geographical diversification or may otherwise fail for various reasons. 
If the Issuer fails to ensure compliance with laws and regulations and does not take appropriate action to 
prevent, detect and respond to non-compliant or fraudulent activities, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, which could 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Risks related to risk management measures 
The Issuer's internal risk management process, which aims to map, identify, evaluate and quantify the 
Issuer's risk landscape from a business operation and continuity perspective and counteract such risks within 
management's risk appetite, may fail to timely and properly identify, quantify and adequately address and 
mitigate relevant risks. Such failure could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation, business, 
financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to repay the 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks relating to consumer safety 
As the Issuer manufacturers and sells consumer products, the Issuer's business and operations are subject 
to laws and regulations on general consumer protection and product safety in various countries. Some of 
the Issuer's products are subject to specific regulations, which apply to production and manufacturing 
conditions, as well as to sales, consumer safety, product labelling, and import and export regulation. 
Breaches of consumer safety laws and regulation could lead to fines and loss of consumer trust, thus 
resulting in reputational damage and an adverse impact on the Issuer's financial condition. 
If the Issuer fails to ensure compliance with consumer safety laws and regulations, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, which could 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest on the Notes and/or repay the Notes issued 
under the Programme.

--- Page 28 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
RISK RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity. 
In the event that, as a result of a change in law or regulation, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the 
amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by 
reasonable measures, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances and accordingly the Issuer may choose to 
redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low.  In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest 
rate as high as that of the Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  An optional 
redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes.  During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes. 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and 
form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued).  Although applications have been 
made to the Central Bank for the Notes to be admitted to the official list and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active trading market will develop or, if 
developed, that it will continue.  In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes may 
be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and 
issuing quotations with respect to, the Note. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.  If the Notes 
are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending 
upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer. 
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes.  The rating 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in 
this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  Similarly, 
in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Modifications 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including

--- Page 29 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement) certain changes may be made 
to the interest calculation of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement may be 
modified, waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, 
waiver or amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
the minimum Specified Denomination.  Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a 
principal amount of Notes other than a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive 
definitive Notes in respect of their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in 
denominations other than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders 
of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Bearer Notes or Global 
Registered Notes (together the "Global Notes") (as the case may be).  Such Global Notes will be deposited 
with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will 
not be entitled to receive definitive Notes or, in the case of Global Registered Notes, Individual Note 
Certificates.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes.  While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders.  A holder 
of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.  Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights 
under the Deed of Covenant. 
Risks related to limited enforcement of English court judgements 
A judgement entered against a company incorporated in Denmark in the courts of a state which is not, under 
the terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments (the "2012 Brussels Regulation"), (ii) the 
bilateral agreement relating to the 2012 Brussels Regulation between Denmark and the European 
Community of 19 October 2005 (and any protocol and accession convention in respect thereof), (iii) Danish 
Act No. 1563 of 20 December 2006 (as amended), consolidated in Danish Consolidated Act No. 1282 of

--- Page 30 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
14 November 2018, implementing the 2012 Brussels Regulation, (iv) the Convention on Jurisdiction and 
the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters made at Lugano on 30 
October 2007 (the "Lugano Convention") or (v) the Convention on Choice of Court Agreements on 30 
June 2005 (the "Hague Choice of Court Convention"), a Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels 
Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention and the Hague Choice of Court 
Convention), will be neither recognised nor enforced by the Danish courts without re-examination of the 
matters thereby adjudicated. In addition, a judgment entered against a company incorporated in Denmark 
in the courts of a state which is a Contracting State under the Hague Choice of Court Convention will not 
be recognised nor enforced by the Danish courts without re-examination of the matters thereby adjudicated 
unless the parties had agreed to settle their disputes exclusively in the jurisdiction of one Contracting State. 
In connection with any re-examination, the judgment of a foreign court will generally be accepted as 
evidence, but the parties must provide the Danish courts with satisfactory information about the contents 
of the relevant law of the contract and, if they fail to do so, the Danish courts may apply Danish law 
(respectively) instead. There is a risk that the application of Danish law to the terms of the Notes may in 
qualified circumstances result in an adverse result for the holders of Notes compared to the application of 
English law. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of fixed rate Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding.  In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Specified Currency").  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Note.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Certain benchmark rates, including CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR may be discontinued or 
reformed in the future. 
The Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate ("CIBOR"), Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), 
Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate ("NIBOR"), Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate ("STIBOR") and other 
interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  The 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect

--- Page 31 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark.  More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area.  €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain 
as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the 
manner of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement-
Independent Adviser), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark 
(including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR 
or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of 
any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such 
benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the 
relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, (including any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event 
or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such 
an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or 
an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance 
with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to 
the Notes may not achieve this objective.  Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  In 
certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate 
of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as 
defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to 
develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of

--- Page 32 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates 
for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending.  As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate.  For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 14 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on

--- Page 33 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
The Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements and expectation or future standards for assets with 
sustainability characteristics 
Although the Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes are structured with the interest rate relating to 
the Notes being subject to upward adjustment, a premium amount payable, in the event that the Issuer fails 
to achieve the SPTs (as described in the section "Description of the Issuer – Sustainability") relevant to the 
Notes within the relevant timeframe, such Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements and expectation 
or any existing or future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability 
characteristics (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening 
criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any 
similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such standards as they may evolve from 
time to time. Any such Notes are not 'green', 'social' or 'sustainable' bonds and are not being marketed as 
such and the Issuer expects to use the net proceeds of any issue of Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked 
Notes for general corporate purposes.  Therefore, the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds of 
any such Notes specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability 
criteria, or to be subject to any other limitations associated with green, social or sustainable bonds. It is not 
clear if the establishment of the optional disclosure regime for sustainability-linked bonds under the EU 
Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, sustainability-linked 
bonds that do not comply with the requirements of such optional disclosure regime, such as the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower 
demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under this 
Programme that do not comply with optional disclosures proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
The interest rate adjustment, or premium payment, in respect of any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked 
Notes depends on a definition of KPIs and/or SPTs, that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or 
expectations or other definitions relevant to these factors.  The KPIs/SPTs are calculated with reference to 
the Issuer's business, operations and capabilities and they do not easily lend themselves to benchmarking 
against similar KPIs/SPTs. 
In addition, any future investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of the SPTs may not meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact. 
Each prospective investor should further have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Sustainability-
Linked Finance Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice 
from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes before deciding to invest. The Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced

--- Page 34 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given 
in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework does not form part of, nor 
is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
Risks that may result from the efforts to achieve the SPTs 
As described in the section "Description of the Issuer – Sustainability" of this Base Prospectus, achieving 
the SPTs will require the Issuer to make changes to its business and operations.  In order to achieve the 
SPTs or any similar sustainability performance targets the Issuer may choose to link to in future financings 
or other arrangements, the Issuer will need to invest and allocate significant resources, including but not 
limited to new technologies.  The Issuer's efforts in achieving the SPTs may further become controversial 
or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. 
Risks that may result from a failure to meet the SPTs 
No assurance can be given of the extent to which the Issuer will be successful in satisfying the SPTs.  The 
failure of the Issuer to achieve any of its SPTs or any such similar sustainability performance targets the 
Issuer may choose to include in any future financings would not only result in a payment of a premium or 
other relevant financing arrangements, but could also harm the Issuer's reputation, the consequences of 
which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, its business prospects, its financial 
condition or its results of operations and ultimately its ability to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of 
any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
A failure by the Issuer to meet the SPTs under any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes will not be 
an Event of Default, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes as a consequence 
of such failure. 
The relevant baseline may change during the term of a Sustainability-Linked Note, which may impact 
the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event. 
Under the terms and conditions of Sustainability-Linked Notes, whilst the relevant KPI(s) and SPT(s) are 
to remain constant until maturity of the relevant Notes, the applicable baseline may be recalculated by the 
Issuer if there has been any: (i) significant or structural change to the Issuer and/or Group structure (by way 
of acquisition, divestiture, merger or otherwise); or (ii) a change in the methodology for, or the discovery 
of any significant errors in, calculating the Group's Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions (each as defined in the 
Conditions), in either case of (i) or (ii) which would have resulted in an increase or decrease of 5 per cent. 
or more to the calculation of a Key Performance Indicator for the relevant Base Year if such change had 
occurred prior to the relevant Base Year.  Any recalculation of the relevant baselines may impact, positively 
or negatively, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy the relevant SPT, and may mean the Issuer is able to avoid 
the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, which could in turn adversely affect the market 
price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Moody's has issued an independent opinion, dated 16 May 2024, on the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Framework and its alignment with the ICMA SLB Principles (the "Second Party Opinion").  The 
Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations is a 
statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or 
reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party made available 
in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes.  The Second Party Opinion and 
any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any 
investment in ay any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or 
suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  The Second Party 
Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes 
and is current only as of the date it was issued.  The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of 
the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and the 
Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. 
Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of any Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which such opinion or 
certification is given and /or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates

--- Page 35 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein.  The Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance that Sustainability-Linked Notes will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission 
obtained will be maintained 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the 
lifetime of the Notes. 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
assets with sustainability characteristics (which may lead to a need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes 
not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate).

--- Page 36 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information has been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin and shall be deemed 
to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer and the Group in respect of 
the first quarter of 2024 (set out on pages 21 to 34 of the unaudited interim financial report of the 
Issuer for the first quarter of 2024) (the "Q1 2024 Interim Report"); 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the management statement and auditors' 
report thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer and the Group in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2023 (set out on pages 53 to 115 of the annual reports of the Issuer for 2023) ("2023 
Audited Financial Statements"); 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the management statement and auditors' 
report thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer and the Group in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2022 (set out on pages 51 to 95 of the annual reports of the Issuer for 2022) ("2022 
Audited Financial Statements"); and 
• 
the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" at pages 41 to 86 of the Prospectus dated 
28 February 2023, in respect of the Issuer's EUR 1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme, (the "2023 Terms and Conditions"). 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards 
("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and in accordance with IFRS and as 
adopted by the EU and additional requirements of the Danish Financial Statements Act. The consolidated 
financial statement of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 have been 
audited by EY Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab, a member of FSR - Danish Auditors (FSR - danske 
revisorer). The independent auditor’s reports on the consolidated financial statements do not include any 
qualifications. 
Copies of the 2022 Audited Financial Statements and the 2023 Audited Financial Statements specified 
above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, free 
of charge, at https://pandoragroup.com/investor/news-and-reports/annual-reports.  A copy of the Q1 2024 
Interim Report may be inspected, free of charge, at https://pandoragroup.com/investor/news-and-
reports/interim-reports. A copy of the 2023 Terms and Conditions may be inspected, free of charge, at 
https://www.pandoragroup.com/-/media/files/investor-relations/emtn-programme/bellagio--base-
prospectus1025065577926.pdf. Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the issuer.  In relation to the different types of 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled.  At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only 
be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
 In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 40 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will

--- Page 41 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable.

--- Page 42 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes"), will be represented by either individual 
note certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global note in registered form (a 
"Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the

--- Page 43 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible 
as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the "Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in 
particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may

--- Page 44 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global 
Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant.  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 45 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final 
Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  Subject to this, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may 
supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Pandora A/S (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 1,500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount 
of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions").  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated 28 February 
2023 (as amended or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes 
any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor 
registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), 
the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes).  In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying 
Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Note may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form 
("Registered Notes").  Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 28 February 
2023 (as amended or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant"). 
(e) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions.  The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and 
the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices 
of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);

--- Page 46 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
"Accounting Principles" means generally acceptable accounting principles in Denmark, including 
IFRS® Accounting Standards; 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be 
postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after 
the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and

--- Page 47 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of any currency and any period specified herein, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate administered by Danish Financial 
Benchmark Facility ApS (or any other person which takes over administration of that rate) based 
on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish kroner for a number of designated maturities 
which are provided by a panel of contributor banks; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term 
of the relevant Notes to be redeemed and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in determining the redemption price of corporate 
debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency of such Notes and with a comparable 
remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of such Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;

--- Page 48 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 49 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;

--- Page 50 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination and Title - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the 
meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title – Title to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 180 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 51 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer which: 
(a) 
has a turnover representing 7 per cent. or more of the total turnover of the Group calculated 
on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Accounting Principles; or 
(b) 
has total assets (excluding intra-group items), calculated in accordance with the 
Accounting Principles, representing 5 per cent. or more of the total assets of the Group, 
calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Accounting Principles. 
Compliance with the above shall be determined by reference to the latest financial statements of 
the relevant Subsidiary (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) and 
the latest consolidated financial statements of the Group. However, if a Subsidiary has been 
acquired since the date as at which the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Group 
were prepared, the financial statements shall be deemed to be adjusted in order to take into account 
the acquisition of that Subsidiary (that adjustment being certified by the Group's auditors as 
representing an accurate reflection of the revised total assets, net assets or turnover of the Group). 
A report by the Group's auditors that a Subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final Terms but 
shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance companies and financial 
institutions, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for 
Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination and Title - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the 
meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title - Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 52 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness 
(or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness): 
(i) 
of any Person where such Security Interest existed at the time such Person is 
acquired by, and becomes a Subsidiary of, the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
the obligations in respect of which are assumed by the Issuer as obligor (or, as the 
case may be, as guarantor or indemnifier) pursuant to a merger between the Issuer 
and a third party which had incurred the Relevant Indebtedness (or guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness) prior to the merger, 
so long as such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity became 
a Subsidiary of, or merged with, the Issuer, was not created in contemplation of such entity 
becoming a Subsidiary of, or merging with, the Issuer and the principal amount of Relevant 
Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness) so secured was 
not increased in contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of, or merging with, the Issuer; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 53 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Note, the relevant Maturity Date or any earlier date 
of redemption of the relevant Notes; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the 
relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Bond and any Reference Date, (i) 
if at least five Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reference Date, after excluding 
the highest (or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and lowest (or in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest) such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Bond and any Reference Date, the 
rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) or interpolated yield 
of the Reference Bond for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Notes, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal 
to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if one is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), or their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and 
their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its nominal amount): (a) which appear on the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page 
as at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date; or (b) to the extent that in the case of (a) above 
either such bid and offered prices do not appear on that page, fewer than two such bid and offered 
prices appear on that page, or if the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page is unavailable, then as 
quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR / EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / SONIA / SONIA 
Compounded Index / SOFR / SOFR Compounded Index / €STR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Other than in 
the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which the "Reference Rate" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), 
include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur 
subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further 
Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate;

--- Page 54 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been 
so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Make Whole Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular 
information service, including, without limitation, Bloomberg) as may be specified as the Relevant 
Make Whole Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may 
be nominated by the Determination Agent for the purpose of displaying comparable relevant bid 
and offered prices for the Reference Bond; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal by the Issuer to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable 
on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment 
in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment 
under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required 
to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of Swedish Kronor and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for Swedish Kronor for a number of designated maturities which are 
provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from 
the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes; and

--- Page 56 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery.  In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:  The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to 
each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be 
numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  In the case 
of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the 
time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder.  No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations.  
Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be 
issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal 
amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as 
the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such 
relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the 
purpose by such relevant Holder.  In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the 
city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as

--- Page 57 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar.  A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
Status of the Notes:  The Notes constitute direct, general, senior, unsubordinated, unconditional 
and (save in the case of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) below) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and the Issuer shall procure that none 
of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a Permitted 
Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the 
Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes).  Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 58 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes).  Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, 
SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, 
with such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determine to be appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; and  
(iv) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean 
in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 59 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
(d) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(d) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(d): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
D
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable).

--- Page 60 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day.  The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise

--- Page 61 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if it is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(d), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 7(e). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer with 
such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the 
calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 7(e)(iv) below will apply. 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in:

--- Page 62 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period 
is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(e)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first

--- Page 63 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer with 
such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark 
for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates.  In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 64 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary), the foregoing determinations and 
decisions of the Issuer shall be made by the Issuer in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer with such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):

--- Page 65 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 
77(e)(iv) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders.  
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes 
take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 66 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(e); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 7(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 67 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Settlement Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(f)(ii) above, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is 
required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant

--- Page 68 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the 
€STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which 
€STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1)  X 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal 
place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified 
shall be five.

--- Page 69 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
am (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank 
of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 (New 
York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as 
defined in Condition 7(d) or Condition 7(e), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final 
Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in 
Condition 7(d) or Condition 7(e) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant 
Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer.  For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) (in the 
case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the 
provisions of Condition 7(m)(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) shall apply, and (ii) 
(in the case of SOFR Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition 
7(e)(iv) shall apply. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(j) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  
If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(k) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.

--- Page 70 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
(l) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of 
Conditions 7(d) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 
7(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(f) (Interest 
– Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 7(g) (Interest – SONIA 
Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)), then the final 
Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and 
such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in the Conditions. 
(m) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index", if 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(m)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any (in accordance with Condition 7(m)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 7(m)(iii)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 7(m)) and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge 
or expense which may arise as a result thereof 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7(m)(i)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(m) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(m)(i)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(m) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate. 
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(m) and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or 
the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 7(m)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark

--- Page 71 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and 
effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as 
the Fiscal Agent may require in order to give effect to this Condition 7(m)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(m) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date.  If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
that would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, any 
adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(m)(iv) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period 
only.  Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(m) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 7(m); and 
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such changes is solely to 
implement the relevant Benchmark Amendments. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
further enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders. 
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 7(m): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be zero, positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant

--- Page 72 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(m) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the 
Specified Currency; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(m)(iii); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate 
is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public

--- Page 73 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
This Condition 8 applies if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable ("Sustainability-Linked Notes"). 
(a) 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest), the Rate of Interest 
shall be increased by the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin(s) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable and: 
(i) 
one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an increase in the Rate of Interest will occur no more than once 
following the occurrence of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest); 
(ii) 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events (Interest) with only one Sustainability-
Linked Step-Up Margin are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
increase in the Rate of Interest will occur no more than once following the occurrence of 
any of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events (Interest); or 
(iii) 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events (Interest) together with two or more 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margins are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an increase in the Rate of Interest of the Sustainability-Linked Notes will occur in 
accordance with the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest shall occur no more than once as a result of the 
occurrence of each Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such Notes, following any such increase in the Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest will not subsequently decrease to a previous Rate of Interest. 
(b) 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall pay to the holders of

--- Page 74 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
the Notes an amount equal to the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount on the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date. 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable and: 
(i) 
one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) with only one Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be payable following the occurrence of the 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium), as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events (Premium), with only one 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount, are specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be payable on the Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Payment Date to which it relates following the occurrence of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events (Premium), with two or more 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Premium Amounts, are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall be 
payable on the Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date to which it relates following 
the occurrence of the Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event to which it relates, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt: (a) payment of a Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount shall occur 
no more than once as a result of the occurrence of each Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(Premium) to which it relates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms); and (b) no increase in the 
Rate of Interest will occur as a result of the occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event (Premium). 
(c) 
Notice 
If a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event and (x) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin; or (y) if 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount, to the Fiscal Agent, any Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable following 
the publication of the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate for the fiscal year in which the Target 
Observation Date falls in accordance with Condition 8(e), if applicable, and in any event such 
notice shall be given to Noteholders not later than the Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (as 
defined below). 
(d) 
Reporting 
For each fiscal year ending on 31 December from and including the fiscal year during which the 
Issue Date of any Sustainability-Linked Notes falls up to and including the fiscal year in which the 
final Target Observation Date falls in respect of such Notes, the Issuer will publish on its website 
a report (the "Sustainability Performance Report"), which shall disclose the Key Performance 
Indicators of the Group for the relevant fiscal year as determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
these Conditions. 
Each such Sustainability Performance Report shall include or be accompanied by an assurance 
report issued by the External Verifier (an "Assurance Report"). Each Sustainability Performance 
Report and related Assurance Report will be published no later than the date of publication of the 
Issuer's Annual Report in respect of such fiscal year, and each may form part of the Issuer's Annual 
Report in respect of such fiscal year provided that if the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) that additional time will be required for the External 
Verifier to complete the Assurance Report then the Assurance Report shall be published as soon 
as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than the Sustainability-Linked Reference Date (as 
defined below)

--- Page 75 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(e) 
Verification Assurance 
For the fiscal year in which the Target Observation Date falls, the Issuer will publish on its website 
a verification assurance certificate by the External Verifier (such report, the "SPT Verification 
Assurance Certificate"), which shall confirm whether the Group has achieved each Sustainability 
Performance Target on the relevant Target Observation Date. The SPT Verification Assurance 
Certificate will be published no later than the date of publication of the Issuer's Annual Report for 
the fiscal year in which the Target Observation Date falls; provided that if the Issuer gives notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) that additional time will be required 
for the External Verifier to complete the relevant SPT Verification Assurance Certificate then the 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate shall be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but 
in no event later than the date falling 30 Business Days prior to next following Interest Payment 
Date of the Notes (the "Sustainability-Linked Reference Date"). 
(f) 
Recalculation Event 
In the event of a Recalculation Event, the level of the KPI used as a baseline on the Base Year 
and/or the relevant Sustainability Performance Target in respect of the Notes may be recalculated 
by the Issuer to reflect such change, provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer notifies Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) that a 
Recalculation Event has occurred, and publishes details of the Recalculation Event, the 
revised level of KPIs used as a baseline, and the revised Sustainability Performance Target 
in respect of the Notes, each in a Sustainability Performance Report (or supplement 
thereto); 
(ii) 
any recalculation of the KPIs or the relevant Sustainability Performance Target and/or 
methodology will be conducted in accordance with any applicable SBTi guidance for 
recalculation; and 
(iii) 
an External Verifier has independently confirmed that the proposed revision: 
(A) 
is consistent with the Issuer's sustainability strategy; and 
(B) 
is materially in line with, or better than, the initial level of ambition of the 
Sustainability Performance Target, 
each as described in the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework relevant to 
the Notes. 
Any such change will be communicated as soon as reasonably practicable by the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and notified to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices)) and the conditions of the relevant Notes shall accordingly be amended 
from the date of publication of such notice. 
(g) 
Absence of Event of Default 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, the 
failure of the Issuer to give notice of the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, nor 
a failure to publish a Sustainability Performance Report, Assurance Report, or SPT Verification 
Assurance Certificate, shall constitute an Event of Default, nor would the Issuer be required to 
repurchase or redeem the relevant Notes. 
In this Condition: 
"Base Year" means the year as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"External Verifier" means the SBTi or any independent accounting or appraisal firm or other 
independent expert of internationally recognised standing, appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
in each case with the expertise necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by the 
External Verifier under these Conditions, as determined by the Issuer;

--- Page 76 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document entitled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" published by the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended, 
updated or replaced from time to time). 
"Key Performance Indicator" or "KPI" refers to each of: Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions ("KPI 1"); 
and Leadership Team Gender Ratio ("KPI 2"), as specified in the relevance Final Terms; 
"Leadership Team Gender Ratio" refers to the percentage ratio of the total number of the Group's 
employees within VP-level and above (including the Board of Directors) at year-end attributed to 
the binary gender of either female or male, rounded up or down to the nearest percentage point; 
"mtCO2e" means metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent; 
"Recalculation Event" means the occurrence of any: (i) significant or structural change to the 
Issuer and/or Group structure (by way of acquisition, divestiture, merger or otherwise); or (ii) a 
change in the methodology for, or the discovery of any significant errors in, calculating the Group's 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions (each as defined in the Conditions), in either case of (i) or (ii) which 
would have resulted in an increase or decrease of 5 per cent. or more to the calculation of a Key 
Performance Indicator for the relevant Base Year if such change had occurred prior to the relevant 
Base Year; 
"SBTi" refers to the Science Based Targets initiative; 
"Scope 1" refers to direct greenhouse gas emissions of the Group, and is as defined in the GHG 
Protocol Standard, including, but not limited to, on-site fuels used to craft jewellery, refrigerants 
to cool the crafting facilities, and fuel used in employee trams; 
"Scope 2" refers to indirect greenhouse gas emissions of the Group, and is as defined in the GHG 
Protocol Standard including, but not limited to, the purchase of electricity and district heating for 
offices, distribution centre, crafting facilities and stores owned and operated by the Group; 
"Scope 3" refers to all indirect emissions, not included in Scope 2, that occur in the value chain of 
the Group, both upstream and downstream as defined in the GHG Protocol Standard; 
"Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions" means the aggregate amount of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 
and Scope 2 combined) and the Scope 3 emissions of the Group measured in mtCO2e, as 
determined by the Issuer and published in a Sustainability Performance Report; 
"Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" means the framework defining the Issuer's 
sustainability strategy, key performance indicators and performance targets prepared by the Issuer 
in connection with the Notes and available on the Issuer's website; 
"Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount" is the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date" means, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if "Redemption" is specified, the Redemption Date of the relevant Notes; or 
(ii) 
any other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms (in which case the Sustainability-
Linked Premium Amount will be payable upon such date, or upon any earlier Redemption 
Date of the relevant Notes); 
"Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event" means either: 
(i) 
the Group does not achieve the relevant Sustainability Performance Target on the Target 
Observation Date as determined by the External Verifier and confirmed in the SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate;

--- Page 77 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer has not published the relevant SPT Verification Assurance Certificate on or 
before the date falling 5 Business Days prior to the Sustainability-Linked Reference Date; 
or 
(iii) 
the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate contains a reservation about whether or not the 
Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved on the Target Observation Date; 
"Sustainability Performance Target" means: 
(i) 
where the KPI is Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions, the percentage reduction in Scope 1, 2 and 
3 Emissions compared to the Base Year being equal to or greater than the percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Sustainability Performance Target; or 
(ii) 
where the KPI is Leadership Team Gender Ratio, a Leadership Team Gender Ratio greater 
than or equal to the Leadership Team Gender Ratio specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being the Sustainability Performance Target; and 
"Target Observation Date" is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Target 
Observation Date. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Denmark or any political

--- Page 78 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including 
a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors 
or other senior officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion 
of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment.  Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 10, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 10. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable, but 
may (at the option of the Issuer) be conditional on one or more conditions precedent being satisfied, 
or waived by the Issuer, and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be an amount 
equal to the higher of: (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and 
(ii) the sum of the then present values (as determined by the Determination Agent) of the remaining 
scheduled payments (until the Maturity Date or, if applicable, any earlier Par Redemption Date) of 
principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed (but not including any portion of such payments 
of interest accrued to the Optional Redemption Date (Call), if any) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date, at the sum of: (x) the Reference Bond Rate plus (y) the Redemption Margin as 
determined by the Determination Agent provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) 
above, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) will be equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes, plus (in respect 
of Sustainability-Linked Notes only) any applicable Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount 
unless as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) the relevant Sustainability Performance Targets

--- Page 79 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
specified in the Final Terms as applicable to the Notes have been achieved (as determined by an 
External Verifier and confirmed in an SPT Verification Assurance Certificate published prior to 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call)). 
With respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes: where the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
is specified as Make Whole Redemption Price, unless as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
the relevant Sustainability Performance Targets specified in the Final Terms as applicable to the 
Notes have been achieved (as determined by an External Verifier and confirmed in an SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate published prior to the Optional Redemption Date (Call)), the 
Make Whole Redemption Price shall be calculated on the basis that the Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to have increased, and any applicable Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount is payable, 
in accordance with the terms of the relevant Notes as if the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event(s) had occurred following the relevant Target Observation Date of such Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves 
and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice 
to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note 
shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date.  If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes so redeemed shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Clean-up Call:  If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
and if, at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes 
at the Make Whole Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
is 25 per cent. (or such other amount as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or less of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes 
issued pursuant to Condition 19 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the 
same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued) (the "Clean-up Call Threshold"), the 
Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on 
any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which 
notice shall specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Clean-up Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.  Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
10(e), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal to or less 
than the Clean-up Call Threshold.  The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(f), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited 
shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once

--- Page 80 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(f), may 
be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option 
Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding Note is held 
by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(f), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Change of Control Put Option: If this Condition 10(g) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs: 
(A) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, within the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and 
Rating Event not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period), 
or 
(B) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, 
the Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency on or before the last day of the Change of 
Control Period, 
(each, a "Change of Control Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of 
Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 10(b) or 10(c) to 
require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or some of its 
Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) at the principal amount outstanding 
of such Notes together with (or where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
Where: 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if any person or group of persons acting 
in concert gains direct or indirect control of the Issuer; 
"acting in concert" means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of 
shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, obtaining or consolidating control 
of the Issuer; 
"control" means the power (whether by way of ownership of shares, proxy, contract, agency or 
otherwise) to: (i) cast, or control the casting of, more than 35 per cent. of the maximum number of 
votes that might be cast at a general meeting of the Issuer; or (ii) appoint or remove all, or the 
majority, of the directors or other equivalent officers of the Issuer; or (iii) give directions with 
respect to the operating and financial policies of the Issuer with which the directors or other 
equivalent officers of the Issuer are obliged to comply; and 
A "Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within 
the Change of Control Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by 
any Rating Agency solicited by (or with the consent of) the Issuer is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed 
from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a 
non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the 
rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by (or with 
the consent of) the Issuer was below an investment grade rating (as described above)), lowered by 
at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their respective equivalents) and 
(B) such rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded (in the case of a 
downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to an investment grade credit rating 
(in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating 
Agency, provided that the Rating Agency withdrawing or making the reduction in rating 
announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer in

--- Page 81 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
writing that the withdrawal or lowering of the rating or the failure to assign an investment grade 
rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the 
applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Rating Event).  If on the 
Relevant Announcement Date the Issuer or the Notes carry a credit rating from more than one 
Rating Agency, at least one of which is an investment grade rating, then sub-paragraph (z) above 
will not apply. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant 
Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (A) the first public announcement by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or any bidder or any designated advisor, of the relevant Change of Control; and (B) the 
date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement, and ending 90 days after the 
Relevant Announcement Date (such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless 
any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Event in 
respect of its rating of the Issuer, or the Notes if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time 
during the period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and 
ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Issuer or the Notes under 
consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public 
announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the 
Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such 
public announcement by such Rating Agency. 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any specific 
and near-term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential 
Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual 
or potential bidder or any such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 180 days of the 
date of such announcement of statement). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event 
and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put 
Option contained in this Condition 10(g). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change 
of Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period (the 
"Change of Control Put Period") of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given 
together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable 
from the Fiscal Agent (a "Change of Control Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder 
may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 10(g). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable.  The Issuer shall redeem 
or, at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of 
Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of 
such Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by 
the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the 
"Optional Redemption Date").  Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional 
Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of Control Put Option 
Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection 
with such Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any 
Change of Control Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom 
or otherwise). 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes outstanding as at the date of the relevant 
Change of Control have been redeemed pursuant to this Condition 10(g), the Issuer may, on not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) given within 30 days after the Optional Redemption Date, redeem on a date

--- Page 82 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
to be specified in such notice at its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes at their 
principal amount, together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date Fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(i) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase:  The Issuer or its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, 
they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to them, 
if any). 
(k) 
Cancellation:  All Notes redeemed by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons 
or unexchanged Talons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to Condition 10(j) (Purchase) above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons cancelled with them) may not be reissued or resold. 
11. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice

--- Page 83 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses:  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Sustainability-Linked Note) 
that is a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void:  In respect of Bearer Notes that are Fixed Rate Notes (other than a 
Sustainability-Linked Note) or Floating Rate Notes, on the due date for final redemption of such 
Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(e) (Redemption and Purchase - Clean-Up 
Call); Condition 10(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 
Condition 10(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option) or Condition 14 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) above).

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
(j) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription).  Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void 
and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 12 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch 
of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(d) 
Commissions or Expenses:  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) 
on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 12 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
(f) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(g) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").  Where payment 
in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Denmark 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law.  In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of 
such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Kingdom of Denmark, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Denmark shall be 
construed as references to the Kingdom of Denmark and/or such other jurisdiction. 
14. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
when due and such failure continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes (other than the obligations under Condition 8(b) 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes - Notice), 8(c) (Sustainability-Linked Notes - Reporting) or 8(d) 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes - Verification Assurance)) and such default remains unremedied for 
30 days after given written notice thereof, to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to 
the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the 
case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may 
be) the relevant Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, 
has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph 
(ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
or currencies); or 
(d) 
Security enforced:  a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, with respect to the undertaking, assets and revenues with an aggregate amount greater 
than EUR 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) of the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
(e) 
Insolvency etc:  (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any 
such appointment is made (other than where such application is discharged, stayed or dismissed 
within 30 days of the date it is made)) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or 
the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally (or any class of 
creditors) or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than, in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(f) 
Winding up etc:  an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (otherwise than, in the case of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring 
whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Analogous event:  any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(h) 
Unlawfulness:  it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or `to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for 
payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for principal and interest on 
redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates 
are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents and/or transfer agent; provided, 
however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions proposed by the Issuer. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by 
an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened 
by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or 
more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held 
or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding 
or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent 
may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders holding or representing 
not less than two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes in the case of 
an Extraordinary Resolution not related to a Reserved Matter and not less than three-quarters of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution 
related to a Reserved Matter will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes, the Deed of Covenant and these Conditions may be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall 
not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(e)(Interest – Floating Rate Notes reference SOFR) and 7(m) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in 
such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement 
of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) or, if such publication is 
not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been 
made in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
on the Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Ireland or published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after 
the date of mailing. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes or the Coupons, the Issuer shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts:  The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum:  The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England:  Notwithstanding Condition 23(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in 
any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process:  The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Pandora Jewellery UK Ltd. at 33 George Street, London, W1U 3BH, United Kingdom, 
or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England 
or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  Nothing in this 
paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market.]  
Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any 
negative target market].  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than 
"prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
Pandora A/S 
Issue of  
[Title of Notes] 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 5299007OWYZ6I1E46843 
under its  
EUR 1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2024 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.]1 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 28 February 2023. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and, save in respect 
of the Conditions, must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2024 [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] ([together, ]the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. The Conditions are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus has been published [Issuer's/regulated market website]]. 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Pandora A/S 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
 
1  Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•]  
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[•]  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] ]  
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[•][•] [CIBOR / EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / SONIA / 
SONIA Compounded Index / SOFR / SOFR Compounded 
Index / €STR]+/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[subject to the Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin[s]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [•]/[100] per cent. of their nominal amount [, subject 
to the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount[s] (see 
paragraph 16 below)]. 
11. Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify 
there/Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put/Put Event] (The placeholder here 
should reflect the name ascribed to any "event risk" put in 
the Conditions)  
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call Option]  
 
 
[See paragraph [18/19/20/21] below)] 
13. Status of the Notes: 
Senior

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
The [initial] Rate of Interest is [•] per cent. per annum 
payable [annually/semi-annually/specify]in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date[, subject to the Sustainability-Linked 
Step-Up Margin[s] below] 
 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount [if no Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event has occurred, or [•] per Calculation Amount 
if [specify relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events] 
has occurred] 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)")  
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
other] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•]  
 
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention 
/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]]  
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
[Fiscal Agent]/ [an institution other than the Fiscal Agent] 
shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•][CIBOR / EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / SONIA / 
SOFR / €STR / SONIA Compounded Index / SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift]  
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [       ] TARGET Settlement Days / U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days / Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [      ] TARGET Settlement Days / U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days / Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period 
or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with 
the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360 / 365 / [      ]] / [Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, it 
should be the fifth decimal place) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the 
Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period]/ 
(select where Interest Determination Date has the meaning 
specified in Condition 7(d), 7(e) or 7(f)) [•] [London 
Banking Days/U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(x) Linear interpolation   
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum[, subject to the Sustainability-
Linked Step-Up Margin[s] below] 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than [zero]  
/ [•] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[•]  
16. Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
[Applicable. Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest)] 
[Applicable. 
Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger 
Event 
(Premium)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Key Performance Indicator 
[Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions / Leadership Team Gender 
Ratio] 
 
(b) 
Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) 
[specify percentage] in respect of [specify relevant target(s) 
and the relevant Target Observation Date(s) to which it 
relates] (repeat as necessary for each target) 
 
(c) 
Base Year 
[specify relevant year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Target Observation Date(s) 
[specify date(s) and Sustainability Performance Target(s) 
to which it relates, as applicable] 
 
(e) 
Sustainability-Linked Step-
Up Margin 
[•] per cent. per annum with respect to the [specify relevant 
target(s) and the relevant Target Observation Date(s) to 
which it relates] (repeat as necessary for each target) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount 
[specify amount] per Calculation Amount with respect to the 
[specify relevant target(s) and the relevant Target 
Observation Date(s) to which it relates] (repeat as 
necessary for each target) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Payment Date 
[Redemption] 
[specify date] with respect to the [specify relevant target(s) 
and the relevant Target Observation Date(s) to which it 
relates] (repeat as necessary for each target) 
17. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 96 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Make Whole Redemption 
Price] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates (Call) 
falling on [ ]/[in the period from and including [date]] 
 
[(iii) Make Whole Redemption 
Price:  
[Make Whole Redemption Amount / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – 
(f) of this paragraph)] 
 
[(a) Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) Relevant Make Whole 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
[(c) Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
[(d) Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
[(f) Par Redemption Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
[(g) Determination Agent 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(iii) Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[•] 
19. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[•] 
20. Change of Control Put Option/ Put 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(A Change of Control Put option is contained in Condition 
10(g)) 
21. Clean-up Call Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[•] per cent.

--- Page 97 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up Call): 
[•]] 
 
(iii) Notice period (if different 
from the Conditions): 
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days] / [Not Applicable 
– in line with Condition 10(e) (Clean-up Call)] 
22. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax)) or 
on event of default or other 
early redemption (Early 
Termination Amount): 
[•] per Calculation Amount / [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Notice period on redemption 
for tax reasons (if different 
from Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons)): 
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days] / [Not Applicable 
– in line with Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [  ] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure)]. 
25. New Global Note (NGN): 
[Yes] [No]/[Not Applicable] 
26. New Safekeeping Structure (NSS): 
[Yes] [No]/[Not Applicable] 
27. Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) relates]

--- Page 98 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
28. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No.  As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Pandora A/S: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 99 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[  ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's France SAS] ("Moody's") and [S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited] ("S&P") are established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and 
appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). The rating given by Moody's is endorsed by 
[Moody's Investors Service Limited (UK)], and the rating 
given by S&P is endorsed by [S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited], each of which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 100 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•]  
 
Common Code: 
[•]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary].  As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ 
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for registered notes held under 
the NSS structure] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 101 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION  
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
      (A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
      (B) Stabilisation Manager(s), 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; In the case of Bearer Notes) 
[TEFRA: C/ D/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) [Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified.  If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)] 
 
(vi) [Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or 
the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified.  If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified.)] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in Base Prospectus"] / [Give details] 
(If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus give details here.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[  ]

--- Page 102 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the Group, 
which may include the refinancing of existing indebtedness. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 103 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a classic global 
note ("CGN"), or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, 
as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note or Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note or Global Registered Note, shall be: if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date:  Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 104 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note 
must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give 
written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 
10(c)(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global 
Note or a Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control Put Option:  In order to exercise the option contained in 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 10(g) (Change of Control Put 
Option) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the 
period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give written notice of such exercise 
to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which 
such option is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or Global Registered Note is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such 
notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the 
person for whom such entitlement is held.  For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give 
any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, 
the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for 
the purposes of (b) above.  Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective.

--- Page 105 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes.  Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with 
its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of 
the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding.  The Issuer shall not be 
liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or 
other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found 
to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 106 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
Pandora A/S (the "Issuer" and together with its subsidiaries, "Pandora" or the "Group") was founded in 
1982 and incorporated in Denmark on 9 March 2005 as a limited liability company with company 
registration number (CVR) 28505116. The Issuer is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, with its 
registered office at Havneholmen 17 – 19, 1561 Copenhagen V, Denmark and telephone number +45 36 
72 00 44. Its website is www.pandoragroup.com.  
Pandora was founded by Per Enevoldsen and Winnie Liljeborg and is today among the world's largest 
jewellery brands in terms of brand recognition and volumes. Pandora designs, manufactures and markets 
hand-finished jewellery made from high-quality materials at affordable prices. Pandora jewellery is sold in 
more than 100 countries through 6,700 points of sale, including more than 2,600 concept stores. In 2023, 
Pandora sold 107 million pieces of jewellery globally. 
Pandora employs approximately 33,000 people worldwide and crafts almost all its jewellery at two LEED-
certified (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, a widely used green building rating system) 
facilities in Thailand. Pandora has established one of the most ambitious sustainability agendas in the 
jewellery industry. Pandora is committed to reducing CO2 emissions across the full value chain by 50% by 
2030 and in December 2023, Pandora completed the shift to source 100% recycled silver and gold in its 
own crafting and in components procured from suppliers. Pandora's sales generated DKK 28.1 billion in 
2023. 
The shares of the Issuer are listed on the Nasdaq Copenhagen stock exchange. 
The three charts below show Pandora's revenue and EBIT (in DKK billions) for the financial years 2013 to 
2023, an overview of revenue and share of total revenue for its key markets for the financial years 2022 
and 2023, and 2022 and 2023 revenue split between Pandora's two business units ("Core" and "Fuel with 
more").

--- Page 107 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
 
 
PANDORA 
PRODUCT 
UNIVERSE 
Fuel with more 
Pandora Moments 
Pandora 
Collabs 
Pandora 
Pandora ME 
Pandora Lab-Grown  
Diamonds

--- Page 108 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Pandora sells its jewellery through three main channels: owned physical retail stores (which includes 1,869 
Pandora-owned concept stores as of 31 December 2023), wholesale and third-party distribution (which 
includes 782 Pandora concept stores owned by franchisees or distributors as of 31 December 2023), and 
online at www.pandora.net. 
The chart below shows revenue breakdown across the three sales channels in 2023. 
 
 
 
Revenue 
Share of revenue 
 
DKK million 
% 
Pandora physical stores ................................................................................................... 
16,142 
57.38 
Pandora online stores ....................................................................................................... 
5,892 
20.94 
Wholesale and third-party distribution ........................................................................... 
6,103 
21.68 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
28,136 
100 
Organisational structure 
The Issuer is the ultimate parent company of all subsidiaries in the Group. As of 31 December 2023, the 
Issuer had 74 subsidiaries, which includes sales and manufacturing subsidiaries and three branches around 
the world. For an overview of all members of the Group as of 31 December 2023, reference is made to page 
93 of the 2023 Audited Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
The Issuer's share capital comprises 82,000,000 shares with a nominal value of DKK 1 per share as of 
15 May 2024. The shares are listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen. The table below shows the breakdown of the 
Issuer's ownership structure as of 31 March 2024. The Issuer's holding of shares has been reduced as a 
consequence of the share capital reduction and cancellation of 7,000,000 shares on 15 April 2024. 
 
Shares 
Ownership 
Share 
Voting 
Rights 
 
('000 units) 
Danish institutions .............................................................................................................. 
7,706 
9.4% 
9.4% 
Foreign institutions ............................................................................................................. 
60,290 
73.5% 
73.5% 
The Issuer* .......................................................................................................................... 
1,037 
1.3% 
0% 
Other shareholders .............................................................................................................. 
10,164 
12.4% 
12.4% 
Non-registered shareholders .............................................................................................. 
2,803 
3.4% 
3.4% 
Total .................................................................................................................................... 
82,000 
100% 
98.7%* 
 _______________  
*The shares held by the Issuer are treasury shares without voting rights. 
Pandora physical stores 
16,142 million 
57.38% share of revenue 
OUR CHANNELS 
Revenue, DKK 
Share of revenue, % 
Pandora online stores 
5,892 million 
20.94% share of revenue 
Wholesale and third-party 
distribution 
6,103 million 
21.68% share of revenue

--- Page 109 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Structure 
A simplified organisational structure chart of the Group is set out in the figure below. 
 
 
 
 
Pandora A/S 
Local market  
companies, including  
regional distribution  
centres 
Production, including 
Thai  
distribution centre  
Pandora Shared  
Service Centre

--- Page 110 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Selected Financial Information and key ratios 
The table below sets out certain key financial highlights and key ratios for the Group for the 2023 and 2022 
financial years: 
 
2023 
2022 
Revenue (DKK million) 
28,136 
26,463 
Profit (earnings) before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation 
(EBITDA) (DKK million) (non-IFRS) 
9,118 
8,716 
Operating profit (EBIT) (DKK million) 
7,039 
6,743 
Organic growth (%) 
8% 
7% 
Revenue growth, DKK (%) 
6% 
13% 
Operating margin (EBIT) (%) 
25.0% 
25.5% 
Operating margin before depreciation and amortisation (%) (non-
IFRS) 
32.4% 
32.9% 
Capex ratio (capex/revenue) (%) (non-IFRS) 
6% 
5% 
Free cash flow (DKK million) (non-IFRS) 
5,489 
2,602 
Return on invested capital (ROIC) (%) (non-IFRS) 
47% 
48% 
Total assets per end of period (DKK million) 
23,798 
22,013 
Earnings per share (EPS), diluted (DKK) 
55.1 
53.7 
 
Cost Structure 
The Issuer has a flexible cost structure with almost 100% of cost of sales being variable which accounts for 
28% of the sum of total operating expenses and cost of sales. For the year ended 31 December 2023, 19% 
of total operating expenses (representing 13% of the sum of total operating expenses and costs of sales) 
was variable while 26% of operating expenses (representing 19% of the sum of total operating expenses 
and costs of sales) was semi-variable. This results in 61% of the sum of total operating expenses and costs 
of sales being variable or semi-variable, which helps to protect the profitability in a situation where revenue 
is declining.

--- Page 111 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
Description of alternative performance measures 
This section provides further information relating to alternative performance measures ("APMs") for the 
purposes of the guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA"). Certain 
of the financial measures included in the "Description of the Issuer" above can be characterised as APMs. 
Below is a summary of the APM used, their definitions, bases of calculation and reconciliation of such 
APMs, and the rationale for their inclusion. 
The Issuer believes that the presentation of these APMs is helpful to investors because these and other 
similar measures are used by certain investors as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. 
However, these measures are not measures of financial performance under IFRS and should not be 
considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating profit, cash flow from operating activities or other 
financial measures of the Group's results of operations or liquidity computed in accordance with IFRS. 
Other companies, including those in the Group's industry, may calculate these measures differently from 
the Group. As all companies do not calculate such measures in the same manner, the presentation of these 
measures pertaining to the Group may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other 
companies. 
Measure 
Definition 
Organic growth ...................................... 
Revenue growth in local currency relative to the same 
period in the comparative year adjusted for the acquisition / 
divestment of distributors and franchisee stores (the effect 
of converting wholesale to retail revenue and vice versa) 
EBITDA ................................................ 
Profit before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation 
EBITDA margin,% ................................. 
EBITDA divided by revenue 
EBIT (Operating profit) .......................... 
Profit before interest and tax 
EBIT margin % ...................................... 
EBIT divided by revenue 
Free cash flows incl. lease payments ....... 
Cash flows from operating activities (excluding financial 
items) and cash flows from investing activities (excluding 
acquisitions of subsidiaries and activities), and including the 
repayment of lease liabilities 
Capital expenditure (Capex) ................... 
Purchase of intangible assets and property, plant and 
equipment for the year, excl. acquisitions of subsidiaries 
Capex Ratio, % ...................................... 
Capital expenditure (as defined above) divided by revenue 
Days sales outstanding (DSO)................. 
Last three months of wholesale and third-party distribution 
revenue relative to trade receivables from these channels 
and not adjusted for VAT 
Invested capital incl. goodwill…………. 
Intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, right-of-
use assets, other non-current financial assets, net working 
provisions, deferred tax, net less non-current provisions, 
currency derivates, net, income tax receivables/payables, et 
and other liabilities  
Return on invested capital (ROIC), % ..... 
EBIT divided by invested capital incl. goodwill 
Net interest-bearing debt (NIBD) ............ 
Loans, borrowings, capitalised leases and other liabilities 
relating to obligations to acquire non-controlling interests 
(current and non-current) less cash 
NIBD to EBITDA .................................. 
NIBD divided by EBITDA (rolling 12 months) 
Cash conversion incl. lease payments,% . 
Free cash flows incl. lease payments divided by EBIT

--- Page 112 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
The table below sets forth the reconciliation of EBITDA, Capex ratio, Free cash flows incl. lease payments, 
Net working capital, Invested capital, ROIC and Net-interest bearing debt (NIBD). 
 
DKK million 
2023 
2022 
Operating profit (EBIT) 
7,039 
6,743 
+ Depreciations and amortisation 
2,079 
1,973 
Operating profit before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 
9,118 
8,716 
Operating margin before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA 
margin) (EBITDA/revenue) (%) 
32.4% 
32.9% 
  
  
  
Intangible assets, additions 
448 
361 
Property, plant and equipment, additions 
1,176 
929 
Capital expenditure (Capex) 
1,624 
1,290 
Revenue 
28,136 
26,463 
Capex Ratio (Capex/revenue)  (%) 
6% 
5% 
  
 
  
Cash flows from operating activities, net 
7,384 
4,434 
- Finance income received 
-19 
-7 
- Finance cost paid 
683 
466 
Cash flows from investing activities, net 
-1,800 
-1,785 
- Acquisition of subsidiaries and activities, net of cash acquired 
349 
562 
Repayment of lease liabilities 
-1,107 
-1,068 
Free cash flows incl. lease payments 
5,489 
2,602 
  
  
  
Inventories 
4,166 
4,211 
Trade receivables 
1,342 
1,262 
Trade payables 
-3,211 
-3,131 
Operating working capital 
2,297 
2,342 
Other receivables 
904 
1,078 
Current provisions 
-744 
-649 
Commodity derivatives, net 
-16 
133 
Contract liabilities 
-185 
-136 
Other payables 
-1,745 
-1,666 
Net working capital 
510 
1,104 
  
  
  
Intangible assets 
7,801 
7,568 
Property, plant and equipment 
2,746 
2,226 
Right-of-use assets 
3,779 
2,978 
Other non-current financial assets 
215 
249 
Non-current provisions 
-408 
-363 
Net working capital 
510 
1,104 
Deferred tax, net 
1,096 
1,089 
Currency derivatives, net 
-25 
23 
Other liabilities 
-108 
- 
Income tax receivables/payables, net 
-480 
-913 
Invested capital incl. goodwill 
15,126 
13,961

--- Page 113 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
Return on invested capital (ROIC) (%) 
47% 
48% 
Loans and borrowings, non-current 
6,973 
1,017 
Lease liabilities, non-current 
2,765 
2,113 
Loans and borrowings, current 
313 
3,508 
Lease liabilities, current 
1,116 
950 
Cash 
-1,397 
-794 
Net interest-bearing debt (NIBD) 
9,770 
6,794 
Operating profit before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 
9,118 
8,716 
NIBD to EBITDA 
1.1x 
0.8x 
 
 
 
 
The Pandora business 
Further market description 
In 2023, the global market for jewellery products was worth an estimated DKK 2,500 billion (Source: 
Grand View Research – Jewellery Market Analysis Report 2018 - 2023). 
Based on data from Euromonitor, the global jewellery market grew by 4% p.a. during the period 2014-2023 
(Source: Euromonitor data 2014-2023). The Asia Pacific region captures the largest revenue share of the 
global jewellery market (approximately 60% in 2023) and is expected to show high growth in the coming 
years. The large market share in the Asia Pacific region is mainly attributed to the high demand for jewellery 
from densely populated countries in the region, including India and China where precious metal jewellery 
is used on a large scale. China has historically been the leading country in the Asia Pacific market for 
jewellery, which is attributable to the increasing spending power of the country's population (Source: Grand 
View Research – Jewellery Market Analysis Report 2018-2023). 
Discretionary spending on jewellery is expected to outperform the top-spending category of handbags in 
the next 3 years as consumers turn to more value retaining goods in the face of economic uncertainty. 
Branded jewellery is also expected to outperform non-branded jewellery with consumers gravitating 
towards brands with clear differentiation and storytelling (Source: The State of Fashion 2024 – McKinsey 
& Company). 
As shown in the table below (in the assessment of Euromonitor in 2021) Pandora is a global market leader 
in its key markets, with the largest market share in three out of seven key markets and placement in the top 
two market share leaders in six out of seven key markets. Pandora, being a global affordable jewellery 
company, has a strong competitive position among the 10 largest jewellery companies. Furthermore, 
Pandora sees vast untapped growth opportunities in India, Japan and South Korea which makes up 
approximately 20% of the global jewellery market (Source: Euromonitor 2022). 
PANDORA IS NO. 1 IN MARKET SHARE1 IN 3 OUT OF 7 KEY MARKETS 
USA 
China 
UK 
Germany 
01 
Tiffany 
& 
Co 
 
 01 
Chow 
Tai 
Fook 
 
 01 
PANDORA  
 01 
Cartier 
 
02 
PANDORA  
 02 
Lao 
Feng 
Xiang 
 
 02 
Cartier 
 
 02 
PANDORA  
03 
Cartier 
 
 03 
Lao Miao 
 
 03 
Tiffany 
& 
Co 
 
 03 
Wellendorff  
 
 
 
 07 
PANDORA  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Italy 
France 
Australia 
  
 
 
01 
PANDORA  
 01 
Cartier 
 
 01 
PANDORA  
  
 
 
EUR 
3bn 
EUR 
3bn 
EUR 
3bn 
 
EUR 
95bn 
EUR 
5bn 
EUR 
3bn

--- Page 114 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
02 
Cartier 
 
 02 
PANDORA  
 02 
Michael 
Hill 
 
  
 
 
03 
Bvlgari 
 
 03 
Chaumet 
 
 03 
Lovisa 
 
 
 
1Market size 
2021 
 
(1) Source: Euromonitor 2021 
 
 
 
Top 13 jewellery markets in the world (EUR billion)1 
 
(1) Reflects the largest markets in the world, i.e. not necessarily Pandora's biggest markets. Source: Euromonitor and 
Issuer's internal data. 
Business strategy 
In 2021, the Issuer launched the Phoenix strategy, presenting a roadmap for substantial growth leveraging 
the core, existing assets. Centred around the pillars of Brand, Design, Markets and Personalisation, the 
strategy set the stage for a transformation journey. Over the past two years, the Issuer has successfully 
executed on this vision, overcoming various external headwinds and delivered on the long-term financial 
targets set in 2021 to be achieved by the end of 2023 with a 7.5% organic growth CAGR (target 5-7%) and 
25.0% EBIT margin (target 25-27%). The first two years of delivering on the Phoenix strategy have 
fundamentally strengthened Pandora's core. The brand has made significant strides in execution of the 
strategic vision, demonstrating resilience and adaptability. Consequently, the Issuer is now focused on 
elevating performance to the next level, as announced in October 2023, at the Capital Markets Day in 
London. The next chapter of the Phoenix Strategy includes updated priorities across the four major strategic 
growth pillars. 
Growth pillar 1- Brand  
Pandora is a globally recognised accessible luxury brand with a high level of consumer awareness, strong 
brand equity and a loyal customer base. Since the inception of the Phoenix strategy, the Issuer has laid 
strong foundations for the brand, which are starting to yield positive results. Pandora will significantly 
intensify efforts to position itself as a full jewellery brand with accessible price points.  
The next phase will focus on elevating brand desirability with a revamped marketing strategy aimed at 
accelerating growth by transforming the brand perception. The refreshed strategy will drive greater 
China 
USA
India 
Japan
UK
Korea Taiwan AustraliaItaly 
France Germany HK 
Canada 
95
54 
47 
7 
5
4
3
3 
3
3 
3 
4
5 
Pandora key market

--- Page 115 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
penetration by strategically broadening product assortments into new and underserved categories and 
aesthetics. To drive ongoing relevance and brand heat, the Issuer will commence a brand restaging initiative 
in 2024, featuring new campaigns that elevate desirability while clearly showcasing the Issuer's new brand 
identity. These new campaigns will also centre around product icons and drive greater relevance through 
stronger cultural activations and collaborations. The Issuer has already embarked on this journey with new 
global brand ambassadors and the Pandora Lab-grown Diamonds campaign in 2023.  
Pandora will also make a significant leap in elevating the in-store customer experience. By 2026, the Issuer 
aims to transform around 60% of the Issuer's owned and operated stores into the new Evoke 2.0 concept. 
While the previous store concept has been successful in driving and building out the Pandora Moments 
platform, Evoke 2.0 more effectively displays all of the Issuer's collections in an intuitive and engaging 
experience. The new store concept will be another major pillar in driving greater brand desirability and 
brand positioning. 
Growth pillar 2 – Design  
The Issuer's jewellery is designed to empower self-expression and drive cultural relevancy and is crafted 
and hand-finished to the highest ethical and environmental standards. 
Since 2021, the Issuer has driven the core Pandora Moments platform through ongoing innovations, such 
as the new Pandora Moments Studded Chain, while continually expanding the offering. Strategically, the 
design vision remains consistent, as the Issuer will continue to drive growth within the core platform while 
accelerating growth in other areas.  
The Issuer's original charm and carrier offering, Pandora Moments, has been the cornerstone of the Issuer's 
success over the past two decades. Pandora Moments accounts for 65% of total revenue as at 31 December 
2023, and the Issuer continues to see ample growth opportunities by ensuring a strong pipeline of innovation 
behind charms and carriers. To build on this success and stimulate sequential growth, the Issuer has 
redefined the core product offering and added Pandora ME to Pandora Moments and Collabs under the 
name Core. Pandora Moments and Pandora ME share design aesthetics, and the new segments will harness 
collection synergies.  
To further expand the offering, the Pandora Timeless and Pandora Signature collections will be 
accompanied by a new collection: Pandora ESSENCE. Pandora Timeless, Pandora Signature and Pandora 
ESSENCE are grouped in the new segment called FUEL with more, which also encompasses Pandora Lab-
Grown Diamonds.  
Within the Pandora Lab-Grown Diamonds collection, the Issuer took notable strides in 2023 through the 
expansion of the assortment with three new collections, which are now available in more than 700 stores 
across the US, Canada, the UK and Australia with selected collections also available in Mexico and Brazil. 
These new collections introduced fresh design aesthetics through new cuts, original settings and everyday 
essential styles. 
Growth pillar 3 - Markets 
The Issuer sees growth opportunities spanning the entire geographical footprint. With a strengthened 
operating model, the Issuer is now well-equipped to pursue growth opportunities in a broader range of 
geographical regions. Consequently, the former growth pillar of "Core markets" has accordingly been 
renamed "Markets"". In markets where the Issuer already has a high market share, such as the UK, Italy 
and Australia, the Issuer expects like-for-like to grow steadily, maintaining its leading position while 
leveraging the full jewellery brand position to further build market share. For the less penetrated markets 
such as the US, Germany, France, China and markets within Rest of Pandora (meaning markets outside of 
US, China, UK, Italy, Australia, France and Germany), the Issuer expects to increase market share and sees 
potential for consistent, higher like-for-like-growth.  
The Issuer targets to accelerate the network expansion. In 2021, the Issuer identified approximately 7,000 
viable locations for new Pandora stores across markets, where Pandora already has a presence with owned 
and operated stores. From 2024 to 2026, the Issuer targets a net total of 225-275 additional concept stores 
openings and a net total of 175-225 Pandora-owned shop-in-shop openings. All new stores will be built in 
the new Evoke 2.0 format.

--- Page 116 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
The Issuer is also contemplating initial steps towards entering new markets or expanding into underserved 
regions such as South Korea, Japan and India.  
Growth pillar 4 – Personalisation 
Personalisation is a key component of the Pandora brand. Leveraging customer data and enhancing the 
digital experience plays a pivotal role in this. With the Phoenix strategy, the Issuer has made significant 
advancements in transforming retail execution and digital transformation. Through the new My Pandora 
loyalty programme, personalised marketing and customisable products, the Issuer is consistently attracting 
new customers and fostering stronger customer relationships. The Issuer plans to continue to roll out My 
Pandora, which is currently deployed in three markets and expected to be available in all major markets by 
2026. Engraving services, a recent addition to Pandora's in-store experience, have seen significant 
expansion and will be available across 1,450 Pandora stores by the end of 2024. The Issuer has observed 
an increase in like-for-like growth in stores offering engraving services.  
The Issuer is also investing in people, particularly in store staff. Pandora's owned and operated stores have 
generally outperformed stores operated by franchise partners in terms of like-for-like growth, in part due to 
such investments. The Issuer will enhance its focus on one of the fundamental drivers for delivering a 
personalised, world-class experience: the store teams. Store staff play a unique role, serving as a true sales 
force that extends beyond transaction handling. In alignment with this, the Issuer will intensify focus on 
store staff, with a particular emphasis on store managers, given the direct correlation between store manager 
seniority and in-store performance.  
Sustainability 
Industry leadership in sustainability is a fundamental cornerstone of the Phoenix strategy. The Issuer will 
lower the negative impact on the planet and create positive outcomes for people and communities touched 
by the Issuer's business and support the long-term growth ambitions. The Issuer has set ambitious 
sustainability targets to lead the transformation of the jewellery industry by showing that beautiful, hand-
finished jewellery goes hand in hand with sustainable business practices.  
Pricing 
In adherence to the Issuer's commitment to deliver affordable jewellery, the Issuer maintains a pricing 
strategy consistent with this promise. As part of the strategic initiatives, the Issuer intends to continue 
moving ahead with structured, globalised and regular pricing reviews to assess future price opportunities. 
While historically, the Issuer has not adjusted list prices, over the past years, prices have now been adjusted 
through several initiatives across the diverse product range. Most recently, in 2023, the Issuer successfully 
implemented targeted price adjustments resulting in an increase in the average selling price of 3%. 
Manufacturing facilities 
Pandora operates three manufacturing facilities in Thailand, two in Bangkok and one in Lamphun in the 
northern part of the country. Thailand has a long tradition of jewellery craftsmanship and a pool of skilled 
craftspeople and many local suppliers of jewellery raw materials. Pandora's crafting facilities combine 
centuries-old crafting traditions and high-quality materials with modern production techniques. The 
jewellery is hand-finished by experienced and skilled craftspeople, and Pandora can quickly upscale 
production of high-demand products when needed. Pandora employs more than 10,000 craftspeople at the 
three sites. 
Pandora crafts approximately 94% of its jewellery at its three facilities in Thailand. A smaller volume is 
crafted at and purchased from a limited number of OEM and ODM suppliers located both in Thailand and 
in other countries in East and Southeast Asia and Europe. The total in-house manufacturing capacity is 
approximately 120 million pieces per annum. 
In 2022, Pandora announced plans to build a new crafting facility in Vietnam to become more resilient to 
potential supply disruptions. The development of the new crafting facility in Vietnam is progressing as 
planned. The construction of the facility at an industrial park near Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, is scheduled 
to commence in Q2 2024.

--- Page 117 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Responsible sourcing 
Ensuring the sustainability of the Issuer's suppliers is fundamental to the Issuer's success as a business. As 
well as reducing the environmental impact in the Issuer's supply chain, Pandora has a responsibility to 
ensure that its activities do not adversely affect the human rights of the workers in its supply chains. The 
Issuer's Responsible Sourcing Programme is aligned with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for 
Responsible Supply Chains which defines requirements for responsible business practices throughout the 
jewellery supply chain. 
The crafting of most of the Issuer's jewellery at its facilities in Thailand means that Pandora can operate a 
lean product supply chain that allows the building of long-term relationships with its suppliers and focus 
on minimising risks. 
Social audits form a part of the Issuer's Responsible Sourcing Programme to help monitor how well the 
Issuer's suppliers adhere to the Issuer's Supplier Code of Conduct (relevant policies and Sustainability 
Report available on the Issuer's website). All direct product and indirect product suppliers, such as point-
of-sale and furniture and fixtures suppliers, are screened according to identified risk criteria. Although the 
Issuer recognises the shortcomings of social audits, it views them as a minimum starting point for engaging 
suppliers on the importance of decent working conditions. The Issuer's Transparency in Supply Chains 
statement (available on the Issuer's website) provides further information on its approach to auditing 
suppliers, including other initiatives such as capacity building. 
The items sourced by the Issuer are primarily silver, gold, copper, palladium and man-made stones such as 
lab-grown diamonds, nanocrystals and cubic zirconia. Leather, polyester and glass are also used, although 
in significantly smaller volumes. Wood-based materials and plastic for the Issuer's point of-sale materials 
are also used, e.g. as packaging material. 
Distribution 
Pandora's business model is vertically integrated. Pandora controls the entire value chain: design, 
production, distribution and sales. This model allows Pandora to benefit from scalability and flexibility, 
maintain a clear and complete overview of operations, and develop products and activities to match 
changing market needs. 
Pandora's products are sold in more than 100 countries through more than 6,700 points of sale, consisting 
of physical store distribution and online distribution. These can be further divided into the following sales 
channels:  
78% of Pandora's total revenue comes from the store network owned and operated by Pandora. Franchise 
and third-party distribution cover 22% of Pandora's total revenue.

--- Page 118 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
The store network can be divided into "concept stores" and "other points of sale": 
STORE NETWORK 
Number of points of Sale1 
2023 
2022 
Growth 
Concept stores  
2,651 
2,542 
109 
- of which Pandora owned  
1,869 
1,653 
216 
- of which franchise owned 
 
463 
588 
-125 
- of which third-party distribution  
319 
301 
18 
Other points of sale 
 
4,035 
3,985 
50 
Total points of sale 
6,686 
6,527 
159 
 
Inventory 
In 2023, the Issuer reduced its inventory levels as a percentage of the last 12 month's revenue, while the 
inventory balance in absolute terms remains in line with that of 2022 of DKK 4.2 billion, down DKK 0.6 
billion compared to Q3 2023. The Issuer's inventory position remains healthy, and the Issuer does not expect 
to increase markdowns in order to reduce its inventory position. 
Intellectual property 
Pandora invests significant resources in identifying, protecting and enforcing its intellectual property rights 
(IPR), and has established processes to reduce risk of infringing third-party IPR. 
In the design creation processes, innovation processes and market communication creation processes, 
Pandora's team of IPR lawyers advises on how to reduce risk of third-party IPR infringements. 
1 Pandora does not own any of the premises (land and buildings) where stores are operated. Pandora exclusively operates the stores 
from leased premises.

--- Page 119 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
In addition, intellectual assets deriving from the creative and innovative processes are identified and 
selected for protection by either registration (trademark, design, copyright or patent protection) or as 
unregistered rights, e.g., as unregistered design rights, trade secrets or know-how. 
Pandora holds a comprehensive portfolio of trademark registrations protecting its core marks (name, logo, 
collection names) in all relevant markets for its relevant products and services, a wide range of design 
registrations and copyright registrations covering many of its designs in selected markets, as well as several 
patent families covering innovative product solutions in selected markets (the "IPR Portfolio"). Pandora 
ensures that the IPR Portfolio remains relevant for the business. The IPR Portfolio is managed by external 
service providers based on instructions from Pandora's IPR team. 
Pandora enforces its IPR Portfolio against counterfeits and other infringements globally, online and offline, 
by a highly effective inhouse brand protection team assisted by external service providers. The brand 
protection set up includes customs surveillance and training, notice and take-down procedures on, e.g., 
stand-alone websites, social media and e-market places, as well as administrative, civil and criminal 
proceedings in more severe infringement cases. 
When Pandora occasionally is alleged to have infringed third-party IPR, it defends its position and is 
generally capable of documenting its independent creation processes and thus finding amicable solutions 
with the claimants. 
The processes and cooperation between Pandora's in-house innovative/creative teams and legal/IPR teams, 
as well as working with highly engaged and qualified external service providers globally, ensures a smooth 
IPR operation. 
Research and Innovation and Product Development 
Pandora operates a large in-house design team which creates most of its jewellery designs. In addition, a 
notable number of designs are developed in close collaboration with the in-house Innovation and Product 
Development team (I&PD), which is located at Pandora's manufacturing facility in Bangkok, Thailand. 
Based on overall direction from various stakeholders, i.e., the design team and the Global Business Units, 
the I&PD team works on various innovations and ideas, e.g., the development of new technical solutions 
or new materials. If proof of concept is established and the innovation has been commercially signed off, 
the innovation is integrated into Pandora's standard development process in preparation for final launch. 
The I&PD team also works with research and development for future projects which are in Pandora's 
pipeline of new launches within the next two to three years. Throughout the innovation pipeline process the 
I&PD team meets with various parts of Pandora's business to confirm project commitment and launch 
authorisation. 
Moreover, Pandora operates various in-house Production Excellence Teams whose primary focus is 
researching and developing innovative production solutions. Pandora has Production Excellence Teams 
tied to the plating facilities and the production line facilities, all located in Thailand. 
Network expansion 
Pandora sees significant value creation opportunities through network expansion. This includes both new 
store openings and potential takeovers or acquisitions of franchise and distribution partners. In 2021-2023, 
Pandora opened approximately net 500 stores owned and operated by Pandora, and Pandora integrated 
more than 300 partners. Pandora has identified further opportunities for expansion, predominantly in North 
America, Latin America and parts of Asia, as well as further upside to its current store network with regard 
to relocations and refits. The opening of new stores is EBIT-margin accretive, has a short payback on the 
initial CAPEX investment of roughly one year and an attractive low-risk profile. 
In general, store network expansion usually happens through three distinct paths: 
• 
opening of a new concept store in a location without any previous Pandora store presence (White 
Spot opportunity), including the opening of a shop-in-shop in department stores or other smaller 
physical points of sale to maximise exposure and market penetration;

--- Page 120 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
• 
takeover of one or more existing franchise or distribution partners, where Pandora assumes the 
leasehold, the existing inventory and store staff, but without payment of any goodwill; and 
• 
a traditional acquisition of one or more franchise stores or entire distribution activities, including 
payment for goodwill. 
In 2023, Pandora acquired net 109 concept stores, including partner stores, and opened net 114 Pandora 
owned and operated shop-in-shops. The store openings were mainly in North America and Latin America 
as part of Pandora's ambition to increase the overall footprint in these markets and is closely linked to the 
Phoenix strategy. Pandora expects to open an additional net 75-125 concept stores and 25-50 shop-in-
shops in 2024.   
Furthermore, in 2023 Pandora acquired a total of 93 concept stores from franchisees and distributors, 
predominantly in North America.  
In general, franchise and distribution takeovers and acquisitions are based on potential performance, 
operational set-up and scale, and opportunities are always assessed on a case-by-case basis. When Pandora 
takes over or acquires a store from a franchise partner it is roughly EBIT-margin neutral, as Pandora takes 
on the full operational expenses but at a revenue mark-up of around 1.8-2.0x when converting to retail 
revenue. Additionally, Pandora recognises a temporary drag on gross margin from inventory buybacks as 
for a three to six month period Pandora has the gross margin of a wholesaler while the inventory bought 
back is sold. 
Sustainability 
Pandora is transforming its business to help shape the future of luxury in jewellery. In Pandora's business 
strategy, Phoenix, sustainability counts as one of five foundational pillars that will support Pandora's long-
term growth ambitions. Placing sustainability at the core of its business reflects that Pandora strives to be 
a responsible and leading global brand. Pandora has developed a sustainability linked finance framework 
(available on the Issuer's website at www.pandoragroup.com/investor/debt-investor/emtn-programme) (the 
"Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework"). Moody's has issued its Second Party Opinion, dated 16 
May 2024, on the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework and alignment with the ICMA SLB 
Principles which is also available on the Issuer's website at www.pandoragroup.com/investor/debt-
investor/emtn-programme). The Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework sets out the following five 
components (i) selection of KPIs, (ii) calibration of SPTs, (iii) Sustainability-Linked Notes characteristics, 
(iv) reporting, and (v) verification.  The two KPIs and the related sustainability performance targets 
("Sustainability Performance Targets" or "SPTs") are described below. 
Pandora's positions and ambitions 
The overall ambition is for Pandora to be a sustainability leader in the jewellery industry. Pandora wishes 
to lead by example to contribute to the sustainable transformation of the industry and to significantly lower 
its impact on the planet and create positive outcomes for people and communities touched by its business. 
This not only serves as good corporate citizenship, but also future-proofs Pandora as an array of new 
demands on companies such as Pandora from regulators, investors, consumers and other stakeholders is 
expected. 
Pandora's sustainability strategy has three overarching priorities: low-carbon business, circular innovation, 
and an inclusive, diverse and fair culture. These are all highly material and drivers of future growth and 
opportunities for positive impact. Pandora has set ambitious long-term targets and developed detailed 
roadmaps for each of the three priorities. 
Low-carbon business 
Transitioning Pandora to be a low-carbon business in support of the world community's climate efforts is 
front and centre of Pandora's sustainability strategy. Pandora's fully integrated business model and historical 
focus on renewable materials allow Pandora to move fast, and it has committed to climate targets that 
remain among the most ambitious in the jewellery industry based on publicly available information on the 
Science Based Targets initiative website – https://sciencebasedtargets.org. Pandora is working towards two 
long-term targets on carbon emissions, approved by the Science Based Targets initiative:

--- Page 121 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
• 
to cut greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions) across Pandora's own operations and 
entire value chain of suppliers and business partners by 36% by 2028 and 50% by 2030 from a 2019 
baseline (KPI 1 SPT); 
• 
the above sub-targets (Scopes 1 and 2, and Scope 3 reductions by 2028 and 2030) being included as 
SPTs in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes; and 
• 
to achieve net zero emissions by 2040 by further reducing climate footprint and removing or 
offsetting any remaining emissions. 
In 2023, Pandora has decreased its total greenhouse gas emissions by 27% compared to its 2019 baseline.

--- Page 122 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
KPI 1 SPTs - Reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 36% by 2028 and by 50% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline 
Historical performance with respect to KPI 1 since 2019 is shown in the table below.  
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Scope 1, mtCO2e 
1,379 
1,302 
1,099 
1,112 
1,245 
Scope 2, mtCO2e 
49,722 
21,795 
21,102 
14,692 
5,672 
Scope 3, mtCO2e 
309,468 
277,649 
298,419 
325,944 
257,626 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 
(market 
based), 
mtCO2e 
360,569 
300,746 
320,620 
341,748 
264,543 
 
Pandora has by 2023 decreased its total Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 27% compared to the 2019 baseline. 
In 2023, Pandora reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 56% versus 2022 and 86% versus the 2019 baseline. 
This reduction was achieved primarily by continued sourcing of 100% renewable energy for Pandora's 
crafting facilities in Thailand. 
With respect to Scopes 1 and 2, Pandora will continue the geographic roll-out of purchasing Renewable 
Energy Certificates to cover more markets in the short term, while also exploring other opportunities to 
source renewable energy (for example, Power Purchase Agreements). 
The expected trajectory for achieving the KPI 1 SPTs is set out in the table below.  
KPI 1 SPTs Trajectory 
2028 
2030 
Scopes 1, 2 and 3, mtCO2e 
230,764 
180,285 
Percent reduction against 2019 baseline 
-36% 
-50% 
 
Pandora's Scope 3 emissions for 2023 were divided between the categories set out in the diagram below.

--- Page 123 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Inclusion and diversity - KPI 2 SPT - at least 44% women in leadership by 2028 and gender parity in 
leadership by 2030  
Pandora is committed to creating an inclusive environment where differences are celebrated and where 
employees are provided with access to opportunities on an equal basis. Pandora will continue to prioritise 
and focus on gender balance and has a target of achieving at least 44% women among senior leaders by 
2028 and gender balance among senior leaders (+/- 5%) by 2030 (KPI 2). The balance in 2023 was 34 % 
women in leadership. 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Leadership team gender ratio, female/ 
male 
26%/77% 
29%/71% 
34%/66%

--- Page 124 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
The expected trajectory for achieving the KPI 2 SPTs is set out in the table below. 
KPI 2 SPTs Trajectory 
2028 
2030 
Leadership team gender ratio (%) 
44%/56% 
50%/50% 
Reporting and verification 
Pandora will report on the KPIs and the actual KPI performance in Pandora's Annual Report, which from 
the financial year 2024 will serve also as the report to include all relevant sustainability progress and 
performance data, following CSRD reporting requirements. The Annual Report will be published on 
Pandora's corporate webpage. 
Pandora will ensure an external and independent verification, in the form of a limited assurance, of the 
performance of the KPIs, in their progression towards the respective SPTs, on an annual basis (the 
"Verification Assurance Report"). The Verification Assurance Report shall be conducted by an external, 
independent third-party reviewer with relevant expertise and qualifications, such as an auditor or an 
environmental consultant. The Verification Assurance Report, either as part of the Annual Report or as a 
separate report, shall be made public no later than 90 days after the end of each of Pandora's financial years.  
Circular innovation 
Pandora's key activities in this area include circular design and using recycled materials, most importantly 
the switch from virgin to recycled silver and gold which was completed in December 2023. This is of major 
importance as the materials used to craft jewellery represent the largest part of Pandora's impact on the 
planet and natural resources. In addition, efforts go into prolonging the life of each piece of jewellery and 
reducing production waste through reuse and recycling. 
Inclusive, diverse and fair 
Pandora believes that inclusion, diversity and fairness are core tenets of sustainable business growth. 
Advancing progress on inclusion and diversity helps Pandora attract and retain employees and drives a new 
generation of younger customers to the Pandora brand. 
Inclusion and diversity are rooted in Pandora's values and strategy. It is important that its stakeholders feel 
included and respected by the Pandora brand, regardless of gender, age, nationality and other identity 
characteristics. 
Pandora has set ambitious targets to not only increase diverse representation among employees, suppliers, 
and business partners, but also to create an inclusive environment in the workplace. In 2023, Pandora 
reached 34% women in leadership. This means that Pandora has achieved its interim 2025 target of 33% 
women in leadership ahead of schedule. Pandora will continue to prioritise and focus on gender balance 
among its senior leaders to reach full gender parity by 2030.   
People and culture 
Employees 
Pandora is a global organisation. As of 31 December 2023, Pandora has an average of 33,000 employees 
globally, representing more than 130 nationalities and spanning professional disciplines such as crafting, 
distribution, retail and office. 
Diverse and inclusive workspace  
As Pandora continues executing on the Phoenix strategy, it aims to further strengthen the workforce by 
improving employee retention and creating a next-level employee experience. Pandora's people and 
sustainability agenda is centred on Pandora's purpose, "We give a voice to people's loves", paired with 
Pandora's four core values – "We Care", "We Dream", "We Dare" and "We Deliver". Pandora is committed 
to creating an inclusive environment where differences are celebrated and its employees are provided with 
access to opportunities on an equal basis.

--- Page 125 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
In 2023, Pandora's employee net promoter score (eNPS) was 60, an increase of 2 compared to 2022, and in 
the top 5% of Pandora's benchmark in the consumer sector.  
In 2023, Pandora employees scored Pandora's leadership effectiveness at 8.4, a slight increase compared to 
8.3 in 2022. 
Working towards gender parity 
Pandoras targets for balanced gender representation in leadership are to achieve 33% women in senior 
leadership by 2025 and reach gender parity no later than 2030. In 2023, women in senior leadership 
increased to 34%, achieved ahead of schedule and marking an increase from 29% in 2022.  
Pandora is committed to eliminating discrimination in executive recruitment and actively encouraging 
individuals of all genders, with a specific focus on empowering women to explore managerial roles.  
Attracting prime talent  
Pandora has attracted highly skilled talent from leading brands and across other industries with its employer 
brand Craft the Incredible. In 2023, Pandora attracted around 900 office colleagues and hired more than 
3,500 retail colleagues for the peak trading period in the fourth quarter.  
In September 2023, Pandora was honoured to be featured on TIME Magazine's World's Best Companies 
list for 2023. The list was published by TIME Magazine in collaboration with Statista and represents a 
compilation of outstanding companies across industries that were assessed on three criteria: employee 
satisfaction, revenue growth and sustainability.  
The global recognition underlines Pandora's steadfast commitment to building a great workplace, a healthy 
business and lead the industry within sustainability. 
People systems that match business potential 
Creating a next-level employee experience requires a digital infrastructure to best support employees and 
leaders in their daily work, personal development, goal setting and more. In 2022, Pandora launched a new 
digital full-year process. The system allows for flexible, integrated and collaborative work on performance 
goals, personal development, succession planning and more related to critical people processes. With these 
updates, Pandora has a wider utilisation of data through enhanced analytics capabilities.  
Looking into 2024, a new workforce management system will be rolled out to retail colleagues in key 
markets. This system will help make daily managerial tasks simpler and faster and is a part of an ecosystem 
of programmes designed to better support retail colleagues and improve employee retainment. The system 
will enable retail colleagues to spend most of their time where it matters most – face-to-face with customers. 
The workforce management system will also collect data to improve the daily work lives of all colleagues. 
Healthy and safe working conditions 
Pandora cares about its people and is committed to maintaining healthy and safe working conditions that 
as a minimum comply with local laws. 
To ensure the health and safety of all its employees, Pandora provides training and tracks performance 
management on safety-related issues, including routines for management and elected employee 
representatives in the crafting facilities to engage in dialogue when relevant. Emergency plans are in place 
for all Pandora premises. 
Pandora focuses on ensuring that employees at its crafting facilities in Thailand have access to proper health 
services. This includes health promotion activities, wellbeing programmes, 24-hour nurse coverage, 
occupational physicians' support four hours/week, medical doctors' support four hours/week, and regular 
health checks for new and existing employees. In 2023, Pandora launched the Pandora Health System, 
which is a digital platform for managing access to these healthcare professionals. All these services are 
provided free of charge to all new employees in accordance with Thai legislation.

--- Page 126 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Risk management 
Pandora's most significant risk categories, as set out in the "Risk Factors" section of this Base Prospectus, 
are: market risks (including macroeconomic and socio-political risks, execution of Pandora's strategic plan, 
consumer demand and Pandora's product offering, brand relevance and brand access), supply and 
distribution disruption and retail risks (including risks related to breakdown of crafting facilities and 
OEM/ODM suppliers, raw materials and components shortages, breakdown of distribution facilities and 
business partner risks), financial risks (including credit and financial counterparty and currency and 
commodity risks), and operational risks (including inventory planning and management, people, business 
interruption and hazards and IT and cyber security risks). 
The Issuer has established a Risk Management Board consisting of senior management representatives 
from key parts and functions of Pandora's value chain to advise the Executive Leadership Team on 
management of cross functional risks. Supported by the internal Risk & Insurance, each ELT member is 
accountable for identifying, assessing and managing risks in their specific parts of the organisation. 
Responsibility of execution is delegated to leadership teams and appointed risk owners. The most 
significant risks to the business are reported quarterly to Risk & Insurance, and the reporting process and 
supporting interviews form the basis of the quarterly risk update submitted to the Risk Management Board. 
The Executive Leadership Team is responsible for defining Pandora's overall risk profile, and for setting 
standards for risk-taking and for aligning it with the overall strategies and policies, including mitigation 
activities. The Board of Directors monitors the overall risk landscape, and reviews the conclusions and 
recommendations submitted by the Executive Leadership Team on a yearly basis. 
Capital Structure 
The Issuer has implemented policies in order to adequately address the financial risk set out in the "Risk 
Factors" section of this Base Prospectus.  These are the following: 
Interest Rate Risk – policy to hedge interest rate risk related to declining profit from interest rate fluctuations.  
Foreign Currency Risk – policy to hedge foreign exchange risk related to risk of declining cash flows from 
exchange rate fluctuations. 
Commodity Price Risk – policy to hedge minimum 70% of expected purchases based on rolling 12 months 
production plan. 
Funding Policy – (i) refinance 12 months before maturity, (ii) maturing debt within 1 year must not exceed 
LTM EBITDA, (iii) at least 20% debt capital markets products in debt portfolio, and (iv) to always maintain 
a minimum liquidity buffer of DKK 2 billion. 
Leverage Target – leverage (NIBD to EBITDA) target between 0.5x – 1.5x. 
Dividends – (i) to pay a progressive dividend (a stable to growing dividend), and (ii) distribution of excess 
capital is continuously evaluated based on a comparison of the projected leverage ratio against the target. 
The Issuer has established a clear cash prioritisation to support financial stability and business ambitions. 
1. Financial Stability – retain cash to meet leverage and liquidity objectives in order to maintain 
investment grade rating. 
2. Investments into Sustainable Growth – support execution of Phoenix strategy e.g., capital 
expenditure of 6 to 7% of revenue and forward integration opportunities. 
3. Dividends – stable to growing dividend at a competitive level as compared with peers. 
4. Share Buybacks – pay out additional cash to shareholders within capital structure policy. 
Legal proceedings 
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is a party to any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (and the Issuer is not aware of any such proceedings which are pending or threatened), which

--- Page 127 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Group. 
The Issuer and members of the Group are, in the normal conduct of its business, regularly involved in legal 
proceedings relating to infringements. While the outcome of these legal proceedings is uncertain, the Issuer 
does not expect any non-provisioned liability arising from any of these legal proceedings to have a material 
impact on its results of operations, liquidity, capital resources or financial position. 
Insurance 
The Issuer takes out customary insurance policies and is of the opinion that the Group's insurance 
programmes provide adequate risk coverage given the Issuer's current business activities and the business 
environment that it operates in. 
Corporate governance 
Management structure 
The Issuer has a two-tier management structure comprising the Board of Directors and Executive 
Management. There are no overlapping members. 
The Board of Directors determines the Issuer's overall vision, strategy and objectives of the Group's 
business activities and supervises the performance of Executive Management. In addition, the Board of 
Directors is responsible for embedding sustainability in Pandora's purpose, strategy and objectives. This 
includes reviewing sustainability performance and reporting, as well as monitoring and overseeing progress 
related to its sustainability strategy. 
The Group also has an Executive Leadership Team, consisting of enterprise leaders. These individuals are 
responsible for the day-to-day operations of their respective business and functional areas while at the same 
time being part of the overall enterprise-wide leadership of the Group. 
The Board of Directors, the Executive Management and the Executive Leadership Team further assess the 
Group's business processes, the definition and implementation of the mission, the organisation, stakeholder 
relations, strategy, risks, business objectives and controls. 
A set of rules of procedure governs the work of the Board of Directors. These rules are reviewed annually 
by the Board of Directors and updated as necessary. The rules set out the guidelines for the activities of the 
Board of Directors, while taking into account the obligations derived from the Danish Companies Act. 
All members of the Board of Directors are elected by the Issuer's shareholders at the annual general meeting. 
With the exception of Christian Frigast, all members of the Board of Directors are independent in the 
context of the Danish Recommendations on Corporate Governance. Christian Frigast has been a member 
of the Board of Directors for more than 12 years and is therefore no longer regarded as an independent 
director. Nine board meetings were held in the 2023, one of which was a strategy meeting. 
The Board of Directors has established three committees: an Audit Committee, a Remuneration Committee 
and a Nomination Committee, and appoints members and Chairs to these committees from within the Board 
of Directors. Six Audit Committee meetings, six Remuneration Committee meetings and four Nomination 
Committee meetings were held in 2023. 
Each year, the Board of Directors conducts an internal self-evaluation focusing on the effectiveness and 
skills of the Board of Directors. The evaluation is focused across seven areas: value creation and strategy, 
board agenda and meetings (including committees), talent and culture, board composition, Board members' 
contribution, Chairs' effectiveness, and reporting/risk management. The conclusions are shared with the 
Chair of the Board of Directors, the full Board of Directors and Executive Management, followed by one 
or more thorough discussion(s). Every third year, and to accommodate the Danish Recommendations on 
Corporate Governance, the evaluation of the Board of Directors is conducted by an independent third party. 
The results of the external board effectiveness review held in 2023 identified that the Board of Directors 
continues to be well-established and well-functioning, utilising strengths in diversity, transparency and a 
distinct performance culture. The Board of Directors continues to increase its strong dynamics, openness

--- Page 128 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
and effectiveness in collaboration with the committees and Executive Management. During 2023, the Board 
of Directors' primary focus was to navigate the Issuer carefully through uncertain macro-economic and 
socio-political environments and to review and approve the next chapter of the Phoenix strategy, which 
was announced at the Issuer's Capital Markets Day in October 2023. Furthermore, the Board of Directors 
has overseen the integration of sustainability into relevant processes in the Issuer ensuring alignment with 
its strategic priorities.  
The Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee currently has three members, all of whom have been appointed for a one-year term. 
The Audit Committee's responsibilities include assisting the Board in monitoring the effectiveness of the 
internal control and risk management systems, as well as reviewing Pandora's financial and sustainability 
reporting and audit/assurance processes. The Audit Committee conducts its work in accordance with its 
Terms of Reference. In 2023, the Audit Committee met six times. Its main activities were to:  
• 
Review key accounting principles, significant accounting estimates, key financial risks and 
compliance with tax regulations; 
• 
Monitor the external financial and sustainability reporting process; 
• 
Monitor the effectiveness of Pandora's internal control and risk management systems, including 
internal audit; 
• 
Monitor the external auditors and their independence; 
• 
Monitor the effectiveness of the sustainability data process; 
• 
Review Pandora's whistleblowing reporting system and whistleblowing cases; 
• 
Review Pandora's treasury policy; and 
• 
Review Pandora's tax policy. 
The Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee currently has three members, each appointed for a one-year term. The 
Remuneration Committee assists the Board in ensuring Pandora's remuneration policies strike a balance 
that aligns with the interests of Pandora's shareholders while providing rewarding and motivating 
remuneration for Executive Management and senior employees. In 2023, the Remuneration Committee met 
six times. Its main activities in 2023 are described in the Remuneration Report available at 
pandoragroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/remuneration-reports. 
The Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee currently has four members, each appointed for a one-year term. The 
Nomination Committee works according to its Terms of Reference and its main responsibilities are 
assessment and evaluation of the Board and Executive Management, including performance, skills and 
experience and nomination of candidates to the Board and Executive Management. Further, the committee 
monitors talent and succession policy and ensures compliance when making Board Executive Management 
and Executive Leadership Team appointments. Finally, it deals with succession planning for Executive 
Management positions and reviews and monitors diversity policies to ensure compliance. In 2023, the 
Nomination Committee met four times and had a few additional ad hoc exchanges relating to the Board 
assessment. Its main activities in 2023 were to: 
• 
prepare and conduct the Board assessment in accordance with the Danish Corporate Governance 
Recommendations; 
• 
review cultural enablers that have driven colleague engagement, including Pandora's Employee 
Value Proposition and leadership development;

--- Page 129 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
• 
assess performance of Executive Management and the cooperation between the Board and 
Executive Management; and 
• 
review succession planning for Executive Management roles. 
Remuneration of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management 
At the annual general meeting held on 14 March 2024, the shareholders adopted an updated Remuneration 
Policy for the Issuer which was prepared and presented by the Board of Directors. Further, an updated 
Remuneration Report is presented each year for an advisory vote at the annual general meeting. The last 
such vote was at the annual general meeting held on 14 March 2024. The Remuneration Policy is available 
on the Issuer's website. The Remuneration Report complies with Section 139(b) of the Danish Companies 
Act. 
Recommendations on corporate governance 
The recommendations of the Danish Committee on Corporate Governance were revised on 2 December 
2020 with effect from the financial year commencing on 1 January 2021. The Issuer reports on these 
recommendations as required by Supplement A – Nasdaq Copenhagen to Nasdaq's Nordic Main Market 
Rulebook for Issuers of Shares. The Board of Directors reviews the recommendations in force on a regular 
basis and at least once a year. The recommendations consist of 47 individual recommendations and the 
Issuer complies fully with all recommendations. 
The Danish Committee on Corporate Governance recommends that 50 per cent. of the board members who 
have been elected by the shareholders at the annual general meeting must be "independent". Pandora 
complies with this requirement even though Christian Frigast is not considered to be an independent board 
member (due to his having been a member of the board for more than 12 years). 
The Issuer's position on each of the recommendations as well as a description of the internal control and 
risk management system relating to financial reporting can be found in its Corporate Governance Statement 
which is prepared pursuant to Section 107(b) of the Danish Financial Statements Act and is available on its 
website. 
Global Data Ethics Policy 
The Board of Directors has adopted a Global Data Ethics Policy which applies to all members of the Group. 
In working with data, Pandora ensures that appropriate measures are in place to safeguard ethical data 
processing, and it has implemented extensive security measures to ensure secure storage of data. 
Pandora adheres to a high standard of data ethics, and solely use and process data for legitimate purposes 
that serve shared benefits for all interested parties. Data processing in Pandora must never lead to any form 
of discrimination or biased decisions, decision-making or results. Regardless of how any subsidiary in the 
Pandora Group collects data, applicable data privacy laws must always be respected. When sharing data, 
Pandora imposes high standards on the recipients to ensure appropriate data security. Pandora never sells 
data to any third party. 
In 2021, the Issuer adopted a Global Data Ethics Policy, cf. section 99(d) of the Danish Financial Statements 
Act. The policy, which is available at: pandoragroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/data-ethics, is 
built on care and respect for consumer and employee privacy.  Pandora applies equality and fairness in the 
processing of data and respect the person behind the data and focusses on sustainable data practices. 
Artificial Intelligence 
Pandora recognises the importance of Artificial Intelligence Safety. In 2023, Pandora introduced a Global 
AI Standard through a series of initiatives and presented an overview of generative AI risks to the Executive 
Leadership Team. As a company, Pandora is committed to conducting business in full compliance with the 
principles for the safe use of AI as set out in the AI Safety Standard and will continue to promote and create 
awareness of these principles in 2024. 
Pandora is also using technology and data at scale to transform customer shopping experiences. Since 2020, 
Pandora has embraced AI and machine learning, particularly in customer segmentation and marketing.

--- Page 130 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Pandora is exploring opportunities in several AI areas including generative AI – the ability of artificial 
intelligence to generate text, images or other media. Pandora's current focus is on accelerating predictive 
analytics and AI, as well as establishing foundations for data ethics and AI safety. In 2023, Pandora also 
incorporated CGI (computer-generated imagery) into its digital strategy with exciting content from 
Copenhagen Fashion Week and the "Loves, Unboxed" campaign. This helped elevate digital presence and 
captivated audiences across social media channels. As a vertically integrated business with strong tech and 
data foundations, and strategic partnerships with global tech leaders, Pandora is strongly positioned to adopt 
and benefit from these technologies. 
Board of Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the 
Nomination Committee are listed below. The address of the directors is the registered office of the Issuer. 
Name 
Position 
Other Board positions 
Peter A. Ruzicka 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
Chair of the Remuneration 
Committee 
Member of the Nomination 
Committee 
Chair of Royal Unibrew A/S 
Board member in Axfood AB, 
Aspelin Ramm Gruppen AS and 
AKA AS 
Christian Frigast 
Deputy chair of the Board of 
Directors 
Chair of the Nomination 
Committee 
Member of the Remuneration 
Committee 
Chair of Axcel Management 
A/S, Axcelfuture, Aktive Ejere 
(Active Owners Denmark), 
Bestyrelsesforeningen (Board 
Leadership Society of Denmark), 
Frigast A/S and Danmarks 
Skibskredit Holding A/S and a 
member of the board in its 
subsidiary. 
Deputy chair of PostNord and 
Axcel Advisory Board 
Board member in Nissens A/S, 
Danmarks Eksport- og 
Investeringsfond, CBS Executive 
Fonden and Nordsøfonden. 
Lilian Fossum Biner 
Board member 
Chair of the Audit Committee 
Board member in Carlsberg A/S, 
Alfa Laval, Scania AB and Röko 
AB 
Birgitta Stymne Göransson 
Board member 
Member of the Audit Committee 
Member of the Nomination 
Committee 
Chair of Industrifonden and Min 
Doktor AB 
Board member in Asker AB, 
Elekta AB, Bure Equity AB and 
RVRC Holding AB. 
Marianne Kirkegaard 
Board member 
Member of the Nomination 
Committee 
Executive chair of Baker & 
Baker UK Ltd. 
Board member in Faerch Group, 
Salling Group A/S, BioMar and 
AAK AB 
Catherine Spindler 
Board member 
 
Jan Zijderveld 
Board member 
Member of the Remuneration 
Committee 
Board member in Koninklijke 
Ahold Delhaize N.V. and 
Symrise AG.

--- Page 131 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Other Board positions 
Member of the Audit Committee 
The members of the Executive Leadership Team are listed below. 
Name 
Position 
Other Board positions 
Alexander Lacik 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member of the board of Coxa 
Carry 
International 
AB, 
the 
advisory board of the World 
Retail Council and member of the 
board of directors of Watch & 
Jewellery Initiative 2030 
Anders Boyer 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Stephen Fairchild* 
Chief Product Officer 
 
Mary Carmen Gasco-Buisson* 
Chief Marketing Officer 
 
Massimo Basei* 
Chief Commercial Officer 
 
Jeerasage Puranasamriddhi* 
Chief Supply Officer 
 
Byron Clayton* 
Chief HR Officer 
Member of the board of the 
American Club of Denmark (non-
profit) 
David Walmsley* 
Chief Digital & Technology 
Officer 
 
 _______________  
*Not registered with the Danish Business Authority as part of the Executive Management. 
Statement of conflict of interest 
No member of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the 
Nomination Committee or of the Executive Leadership Team has any conflict of interest between their 
duties to the Group and their private interests or other duties. 
Share capital 
On 15 May 2024, Pandora's nominal share capital was DKK 82,000,000. Each share has a nominal value 
of DKK 1 and entitles the holder to one vote. The shares are negotiable instruments and are listed on Nasdaq 
Copenhagen (since 2010). 
The Board of Directors may increase the Issuer's share capital by a nominal value of up to DKK 50 million 
in one or more issues of shares with pre-emption rights for existing shareholders. Furthermore, the Board 
of Directors may increase the Issuer's share capital by a nominal value of up to DKK 10 million in one or 
more issues of shares without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders and issue convertible bonds with 
a value of up to DKK 10 million, provided that the increase without pre-emption rights for existing 
shareholders and the issuance of convertible bonds cannot combined exceed DKK 10 million. Both 
authorisations are valid until and including 10 March 2026. 
Furthermore, the Board of Directors has been authorised to acquire treasury shares of up to 10% of the 
Issuer's share capital, provided that the Issuer's total holding of treasury shares does not exceed 10% of the 
Issuer's share capital at any time. The highest and lowest amount to be paid for the shares by the Issuer is 
the price applicable at the time of purchase +/- 10%. This authorisation is valid until and including 14 
March 2029.

--- Page 132 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
General meetings 
At general meetings, matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. Resolutions to amend the Issuer's 
articles of association require that the resolution is adopted by not less than two-thirds of the votes cast as 
well as of the voting share capital represented at the general meeting. 
There are no special provisions governing the election of members to the Board of Directors. 
Change of control 
There are no arrangements known to the Issuer the operation of which may in the future result in a change 
in control of the Issuer. 
The current financing agreements between the Issuer and its lenders are subject to a change of control clause 
by which a lender can cancel its commitment in the event of a change of control. A change of control is 
defined as one or more persons acting in concert gaining direct or indirect control of the Issuer. Control is 
defined as power to cast more than 35% of the maximum number of votes at the general meeting, or the 
power to appoint or remove all or the majority of the directors or equivalent officers or the power to give 
directions with respect to the operating or financial policies of the Issuer. 
No other agreements are to the knowledge of the Issuer in place that would be affected in the event of a 
change of control of the Issuer resulting from a takeover, and no special agreements have been made 
between the Issuer, its management or employees if their positions are discontinued due to a change of 
ownership. 
Shareholders 
The identified institutional shareholder base of the Issuer was 76.4% as of March 31 2024, compared to 
82.7% on 31 March 2023. Institutional investors based outside Denmark held 67.7% of the Issuer's shares 
on 31 March 2024, compared to 73.4% on 31 March 2023. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, two shareholders have reported to the Issuer, pursuant to section 55 
of the Danish Companies Act and section 38 of the Danish Capital Markets Act, that they hold 5% or more 
of the share capital or voting rights of the Issuer. The table below sets out such share ownership. 
Shareholders with more than 
5% of the share capital 
Ownership 
Share voting rights 
BlackRock, Inc. 
more than 10% 
more than 10% 
Parvus 
Asset 
Management 
Limited Europe  
more than 5% 
more than 5%  
Auditors 
EY Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab ("EY") (CVR no. 30 70 02 28) has been the auditing firm for the 
Group since 25 June 2009. EY is a member of FSR - Danish Auditors (FSR - danske revisorer). 
Credit Rating 
The Notes, upon issue, are expected to be assigned a rating by S&P and/or Moody's.

--- Page 133 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's State and of the Issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact 
on the income received from the securities.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own 
tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain Danish tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries 
or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Danish Taxation 
The tax considerations for Danish resident investors of requiring, holding or disposing the Notes depend 
on the investor's tax status and the specific terms applicable to every single emission. Thus, the description 
does inter alia not deal with the tax consequences of investors, to which special circumstances apply 
(including, but not limited to, certain investment vehicles, and investors deriving business by trading in 
securities). Potential investors are in all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax 
advisors to clarify the individual consequences of the investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. No 
representations with respect to the tax consequences of any particular holder are made hereby. In relation 
to the below it is assumed that the Notes issued qualify as ordinary debt instruments for Danish tax purposes. 
The Notes may not constitute debt instruments for Danish tax purposes if the final terms of the Notes 
contain terms which are unusual for debt instruments, for example that the Notes are issued with no fixed 
maturity date (i.e. perpetual Notes) or with an extremely long majority date. Generally, Danish tax law 
adheres to the civil law qualification and as the Notes from a civil law perspective constitute debt 
instruments, they should, generally, be recognized accordingly for tax purposes, but the determination will 
depend on the final terms of the Notes. 
If the Notes were not to constitute debt instruments for Danish tax purposes, then the tax treatment of the 
Notes, including whether payments under the Notes would be subject to Danish withholding tax, would 
depend on how the Notes were qualified for Danish tax purposes. This qualification would depend on the 
final terms of the Notes. 
Non-Danish tax residents 
Under existing Danish tax laws all payments of the Notes will be made without deduction of Danish 
withholding tax except in certain cases on payments between affiliated parties as referred to in sections 2 
(1) (d) and 2 (1) (h) of the Danish Corporation Tax Act (Consolidated Act. no. 1241 of 22 August 2022, as 
amended) and section 65 D of the Danish Withholding Tax Act (Consolidated Act. no. 1330 of 20 
November 2023, as amended). According to Danish withholding tax rules, subject as set out in the 
paragraph below, there should be no Danish tax implications for holders of the Notes that are not affiliated 
with the Issuer pursuant to Chapter 4 of the Danish Tax Control Act (Consolidated Act. no. 12 of 8 January 
2024, as amended). 
Under Danish law, affiliated parties would include, but not be limited to, cases where one party directly or 
indirectly controls the other party by way of ownership of a majority of the share capital or voting rights or 
by way of agreement or where the two parties are subject to common control. 
Pursuant to section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act (Consolidated Act no. 42 of 13 January 2023, as 
amended), an arrangement or series of arrangements (i) not entered into for commercial reasons reflecting 
the underlying economic reality and (ii) which are implemented for the primary purpose of obtaining, or 
one of the primary purposes of which is to obtain, a tax benefit which is against the purpose and intent of 
the Danish tax laws should be ignored for purposes of calculating the Danish tax liability. The general anti-
abuse rule in section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act was enacted on 1 January 2019, and it is presently 
unclear how the rule could be applied. If a holder of Notes is considered to have taken part in an arrangement

--- Page 134 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
that is covered by Section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act this could result in the application of 
withholding tax to payments made to such holder under the Notes. 
Danish tax residents 
Danish tax resident investors (including investors with a permanent establishment in Denmark which the 
Notes are attributable to) will generally be taxable on interest. Both capital gains and losses, if any, will 
with few exceptions be taxable or respectively deductible. One exception to this concerns private individual 
investors. Such investors are subject to Danish taxation on gains and losses on bonds denominated in all 
currencies with the exception of an annual de minimis threshold of DKK 2,000. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.  A number 
of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of Denmark) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the Issuer).  However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that 
are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including 
the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 135 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, Danske Bank A/S, 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
and UniCredit Bank GmbH (the "Dealers").  The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time 
be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 
17 May 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  If in the case of 
any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for 
that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other 
interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be.  If in 
the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more 
than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers 
to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names of those Dealers and any other 
interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes.  Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, warrant and 
undertake to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, and agreed that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 136 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors:  If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(d) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown

--- Page 137 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
The Kingdom of Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance 
with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, the Danish Capital Markets Act (in Danish:

--- Page 138 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
"Kapitalmarkedsloven"), consolidated act no. 198 of 26 February 2024, as amended, and any executive 
orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order no. 191 of 31 January 2022 on Investor 
Protection in connection with Securities Trading issued pursuant to, inter alia, the Danish Financial 
Business Act (in Danish: "Lov om Finansiel Virksomhed"), consolidated act no. 1731 of 5 December 2023, 
as amended, to the extent applicable. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has (to the best of its knowledge and belief) complied and 
will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.  Other 
persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 139 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the 
Issuer passed/given on 1 May 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Notes. 
2. 
Listing 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange, plc will be admitted separately as and when 
issued, upon submission to Euronext Dublin of the applicable Final Terms, subject only to the issue 
of the Notes of that Tranche. The listing of the Programme in respect of such Notes is expected to 
be granted on or about 17 May 2024. 
3. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
4. 
Significant/Material Change 
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Since 31 March 2024 there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
5. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 by EY Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab, a member of 
FSR Danish Auditors (FSR-danske revisorer). 
6. 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at 
https://www.pandoragroup.com/investor for the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2023 and the unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer and 
the Group in respect of the first quarter of 2024; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form or Registered Notes held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure); 
(g) 
the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework; and 
(h) 
the Second Party Opinion.

--- Page 140 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com). 
7. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less than One Year 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must:  (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
9. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.  In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not 
an indication of future yield. 
10. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and its affiliates routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies.  
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
7 12

--- Page 141 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
11. 
Listing Agent 
Walkers Listing and Support Services Ltd is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
12. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 5299007OWYZ6I1E46843. 
13. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is www.pandoragroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
14. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 142 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
"Specified Denomination(s) .......................... 46 
€STR....................................................... 23, 59 
€STR reference rate ...................................... 59 
€STRi ........................................................... 59 
2006 ISDA Definitions ................................. 37 
2012 Brussels Regulation ............................. 21 
2022 Audited Financial Statements ............... 28 
2023 Audited Financial Statements ............... 28 
2023 Terms and Conditions .......................... 28 
30/360 .......................................................... 40 
30E/360........................................................ 40 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................... 40 
Accountholder .............................................. 95 
Accounting Principles ................................... 38 
Accrual Yield ............................................... 38 
acting in concert ........................................... 72 
Actual/360.................................................... 40 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 39 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) .................................. 39 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 39 
Additional Business Centre(s) ....................... 38 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ...................... 38 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 63 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 37 
Agent ........................................................... 37 
Agents .......................................................... 37 
Alternative Rate ........................................... 64 
APMs .......................................................... 103 
Assurance Report ......................................... 66 
Bank Rate .................................................... 52 
Base Prospectus ............................................ 83 
Base Year ..................................................... 67 
Bearer Notes ........................................... 31, 37 
Benchmark .............................................. 53, 55 
Benchmark Amendments ......................... 62, 64 
Benchmark Event ......................................... 64 
Benchmark Replacement .............................. 55 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment............ 56 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 ................................................................. 56 
Benchmark Replacement Date ...................... 56 
Benchmark Transition Event ......................... 56 
Broken Amount(s) ........................................ 85 
business day ................................................. 48 
Business Day ................................................ 38 
Business Day Convention ............................. 38 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 39 
Calculation Amount...................................... 39 
Calculation Period ........................................ 39 
Central Bank .................................................. 1 
Change of Control ........................................ 72 
Change of Control Period ............................. 73 
Change of Control Put Event ........................ 72 
Change of Control Put Event Notice ............. 73 
Change of Control Put Option ....................... 72 
Change of Control Put Option Notice ............ 73 
Change of Control Put Period ........................ 73 
CIBOR ................................................... 22, 39 
Clean-up Call Threshold................................ 71 
Clearing System Business Day ...................... 95 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............................. 31 
Code ............................................................. 76 
Commission's proposal ................................ 126 
Compounded Daily €STR ............................. 58 
Compounded Daily SONIA ........................... 51 
Compounded Index ....................................... 60 
Compounded Index End ................................ 60 
Compounded Index Start ............................... 60 
Compounded SOFR ...................................... 53 
Conditions .......................................... ii, 37, 83 
control .......................................................... 72 
Coupon Sheet ................................................ 39 
Couponholder ............................................... 48 
Couponholders .............................................. 37 
Coupons........................................................ 37 
DA Selected Bond ......................................... 39 
Day Count Fraction ....................................... 39 
Dealer Agreement ....................................... 127 
Dealers ....................................................... 127 
Deed of Covenant ......................................... 37 
Definitive Notes ............................................ 32 
Determination Agent ..................................... 41 
Dispute ......................................................... 81 
distributor ................................................ iv, 82 
DKK ............................................................... v 
Drawdown Prospectus .....................................ii 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) ................... 41 
Early Termination Amount ............................ 41 
ECB .............................................................. 31 
EEA .......................................................... 1, 82 
Electronic Consent ........................................ 96 
End ............................................................... 60 
ERP .............................................................. 12 
ESG .............................................................. 14 
ESMA ........................................................ 103 
EU Benchmarks Regulation............................. v 
EU CRA Regulation .................................. 1, 91 
EU Insurance Distribution Directive .............. 82 
EU MiFID II ......................................... 82, 128 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ................................... 82 
EU Prospectus Regulation ..................... 83, 128 
EUR ............................................................... v 
EURIBOR .............................................. 22, 41 
euro ................................................................ v 
Eurobond Basis ............................................. 40 
Euroclear ...................................................... 31 
Eurodollar Convention .................................. 38 
Euronext Dublin .............................................. 1 
Eurosystem ............................................. 31, 35 
EUWA .............................................. v, 82, 128 
External Verifier ........................................... 67 
Extraordinary Resolution ............................... 41

--- Page 143 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
EY .............................................................. 124 
Final Redemption Amount ............................ 41 
Final Terms .............................................. ii, 37 
Financing Arrangements ............................... 15 
first currency ................................................ 80 
First Interest Payment Date ........................... 41 
first Person ................................................... 47 
Fiscal Agent ................................................. 37 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................. 41 
Floating Rate Convention ............................. 38 
Following Business Day Convention ............ 38 
FRN Convention .......................................... 38 
FSMA ....................................................... 1, 82 
GHG Protocol Standard ................................ 68 
Global Note .................................................. 31 
Global Notes ................................................ 21 
Global Registered Note ................................. 34 
Group ...................................................... 41, 98 
Guarantee ..................................................... 41 
Hague Choice of Court Convention............... 22 
Holder ..................................................... 42, 48 
Indebtedness ................................................. 42 
Independent Adviser ..................................... 42 
Index Days ................................................... 60 
Individual Note Certificates .......................... 34 
Initial Longstop Date .................................... 73 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............. iv, 128 
Interest Amount ............................................ 42 
Interest Commencement Date ....................... 42 
Interest Determination Date ............... 42, 54, 59 
Interest Payment Date ................................... 42 
Interest Period .............................................. 42 
Investor's Currency ....................................... 22 
IPR Portfolio ............................................... 111 
ISDA............................................................ 42 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ........................... 57 
ISDA Fallback Rate ...................................... 57 
Issue Date .................................................... 42 
Issuer .................................................. 1, 37, 98 
Key Performance Indicator ........................... 68 
KPI .............................................................. 68 
KPIs .............................................................. iii 
Leadership Team Gender Ratio ..................... 68 
LIBOR ......................................................... 24 
Lugano Convention ...................................... 22 
Make Whole Redemption Price................ 43, 70 
Margin ......................................................... 43 
Maturity Date ............................................... 43 
Maximum Rate of Interest ............................ 43 
Maximum Redemption Amount .................... 43 
Member State ................................................. v 
MiFID II ....................................................... iv 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................. iv 
Minimum Rate of Interest ............................. 43 
Minimum Redemption Amount .................... 43 
Modified Business Day Convention .............. 38 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 ................................................................. 38 
Moody's .................................................... 1, 91 
mtCO2e........................................................ 68 
New Safekeeping Structure ........................... 35 
NGN ............................................................. 31 
NIBOR ................................................... 22, 43 
No Adjustment .............................................. 39 
Note Certificate ............................................. 48 
Noteholder .................................................... 48 
Noteholders .................................................. 37 
Notes ........................................................ 1, 37 
NSS .............................................................. 35 
Numerator ..................................................... 60 
Observation Period .................................. 54, 59 
ODM ............................................................ 10 
OEM............................................................. 10 
offer of Notes to the public .................. 128, 129 
Official List .................................................... 1 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ............. 43 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) .............. 43 
Optional Redemption Date ............................ 73 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .................. 43 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) .................... 43 
Pandora......................................................... 98 
Par Redemption Date .................................... 43 
participating Member States ........................ 126 
Paying Agents ............................................... 37 
Payment Business Day .................................. 44 
Permanent Global Note ................................. 31 
Permitted Security Interest ............................ 44 
Person ........................................................... 44 
Potential Change of Control Announcement .. 73 
Preceding Business Day Convention.............. 38 
PRIIPs Regulation .......................................... iv 
Principal Financial Centre ............................. 44 
Proceedings .................................................. 81 
Programme ............................................... 1, 37 
Prospectus Directive........................................ 1 
Put Option Notice ......................................... 44 
Put Option Receipt ........................................ 44 
Q1 2024 Interim Report................................. 28 
Quotation Time ............................................. 44 
Rate of Interest .............................................. 45 
Rating Event ................................................. 72 
Recalculation Event ...................................... 68 
Record Date ............................................ 77, 95 
Redemption .................................................. 68 
Redemption Amount ..................................... 45 
Redemption Date .......................................... 45 
Redemption Margin ...................................... 45 
Reference Bond ............................................ 45 
Reference Bond Price .................................... 45 
Reference Bond Rate ..................................... 45 
Reference Date.............................................. 45 
Reference Government Bond Dealer.............. 45 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations
 ................................................................. 45 
Reference Price ............................................. 45 
Reference Rate .............................................. 45 
Reference Time ............................................. 57 
Registered Notes ..................................... 34, 37 
Registrar ....................................................... 37 
Regular Date ................................................. 46

--- Page 144 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Regular Period.............................................. 46 
Regulation S ................................................... 1 
relevant clearing system................................ 96 
Relevant Coupons ........................................ 75 
Relevant Date ............................................... 46 
Relevant Decimal Place ................................ 60 
Relevant Governmental Body ....................... 57 
Relevant Indebtedness .................................. 46 
Relevant Make Whole Screen Page ............... 46 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................... 65 
Relevant Number.......................................... 60 
Relevant Screen Page ................................... 46 
Relevant Time .............................................. 46 
Remaining Term ........................................... 46 
Reserved Matter ........................................... 46 
retail investor ...................................... 127, 128 
Retail Partners ................................................ 8 
S&P .......................................................... 1, 91 
SBTi ............................................................ 68 
Scope 1 ........................................................ 68 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions ........................... 68 
Scope 2 ........................................................ 68 
Scope 3 ........................................................ 68 
second currency ............................................ 80 
Second Party Opinion .............................. iii, 26 
second Person............................................... 47 
Securities Act ............................................ 1, iii 
Security Interest ........................................... 46 
Series ........................................................... 37 
SFA ............................................................. 82 
SOFR ...................................................... 24, 54 
SOFR Administrator ..................................... 55 
SOFR Administrator's Website ..................... 55 
SOFR Compounded Index ............................ 61 
SOFR Determination Time ........................... 54 
SOFRi .......................................................... 55 
SONIA .................................................... 24, 52 
SONIA Compounded Index .......................... 61 
Specified Currency .................................. 22, 46 
Specified Future Date ................................... 64 
Specified Office ............................................ 47 
Specified Period ............................................ 47 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate.......... 67 
SPTs ............................................................. iii 
Start .............................................................. 61 
STIBOR.................................................. 22, 47 
Subsidiary ..................................................... 47 
sub-unit................................................... 49, 61 
Successor Rate .............................................. 65 
Sustainability Performance Report ................. 66 
Sustainability Performance Target ................. 69 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework .. 68 
Sustainability-Linked Notes ...................... 2, 65 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount ........ 68 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date
 ................................................................. 68 
Sustainability-Linked Reference Date ............ 67 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin........... 68 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event .............. 68 
T2 ................................................................. 47 
Talon ............................................................ 47 
Target Observation Date................................ 69 
TARGET Settlement Day .............................. 47 
TCFD ........................................................... 14 
TEFRA C Rules ............................................ 31 
TEFRA D Rules ............................................ 31 
Temporary Global Note ................................. 31 
Tranche ......................................................... 37 
Transfer Agents ............................................ 37 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ..... 55 
UK............................................................ v, 82 
UK Benchmarks Regulation .......................... 22 
UK CRA Regulation ................................. 1, 91 
UK MiFIR .................................................... 82 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ...... iv, 82 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .............................. v, 82 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ............. 57 
War ................................................................ 6 
Zero Coupon Note ......................................... 47

--- Page 145 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Pandora A/S 
Havneholmen 17-19 
DK-1561 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
ARRANGER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland  
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Kingdom of Sweden 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L – 1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to Danish law: 
To the Dealers  
as to English law: 
Kromann Reumert 
Sundkrogsgade 5 
DK-2100 Copenhagen Ø 
Denmark 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE 
ISSUER 
LISTING AGENT 
EY Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab 
Walkers Listing Services Limited

--- Page 146 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Dirch Passers Allé 36 
DK-2000 Frederiksberg 
Denmark 
5th Floor, The Exchange, Georges Dock, 
IFSC, Dublin 1 
Ireland