--- Page 1 ---
10252889435-v11 
 
70-41049459 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
PERMANENT TSB GROUP HOLDINGS P.L.C. 
(Incorporated and registered in Ireland under the Irish Companies Act, 2014 with registered number 474438) 
PERMANENT TSB P.L.C. 
(Formerly called Irish Life & Permanent plc) (Incorporated and registered in Ireland under the Irish Companies Act, 
2014 with registered number 222332) 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
_________________________________ 
Under the Euro Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), Permanent TSB Group Holdings p.l.c. 
("PTSB Holdings") and permanent tsb p.l.c. ("PTSB") (each an "Issuer" and together, the "Issuers"), subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under 
the Programme will not at any time exceed €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to any increase as provided 
herein. 
Notes issued by the Issuers may be (i) Senior Notes or (ii) Tier 2 Capital Notes (each as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes"). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 1 and any additional Dealers 
appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on a continuing basis (each a 
"Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the 
date of approval, the obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme 
within twelve months after the date hereof which are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets on financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and / or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area. Application has been made by the Issuers (or on their behalf) for Notes issued under 
the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). The regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set 
out in the final terms (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to all Notes to be listed on the Official List, will be filed with the 
Central Bank. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List and traded on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). Any websites referred to herein do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
PTSB has a rating of (a) (P)A2 in respect of Senior Unsecured Debt and (P)Ba1 in respect of Subordinated Debt from Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's"), (b) a long term issuer credit rating of BBB from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard 
& Poor's") and (c) a long term issuer default rating of BBB- from Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch"). PTSB Holdings has a rating of (a) 
(P)Baa2 in respect of Senior Unsecured Debt and a long term issuer credit rating of Baa2 from Moody's, (b) a short term issuer credit 
rating of B and a long term issuer credit rating of BB- from Standard & Poor's and (c) a long term issuer default rating of BB+ from 
Fitch. Moody's and Fitch are established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating Moody's and Fitch have given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme are endorsed 
by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited respectively, which are established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation. Standard & Poor's is established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme 
is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
10252889435-v11 
 
70-41049459 
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuers to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Morgan Stanley 
 31 March 2023

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of the Issuers accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and declares that, to the best of its 
knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus (or the Final Terms, as the case may be) is 
in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(the "Conditions") as completed by the Final Terms specific to such Tranche or in a separate prospectus 
specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown 
Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
Each of the Issuers has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of 
the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify 
the foregoing. 
Each of the Issuers confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuers do not represent that the holder of any Notes would be entitled to receive any payment in respect 
of such Notes in the event of the insolvency of an Issuer under any depositors' protection scheme existing 
from time to time in Ireland or elsewhere. 
Nothing in the Programme restricts the right of the Issuers to issue any form of subordinated or 
unsubordinated debt instrument at any time outside the Programme.  
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuers in connection with the Programme or the Notes or such other 
information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Trustee or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee have independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuers in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuers in connection with the Programme.  The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers and/or their subsidiaries or associated 
undertakings during the life of the Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final

--- Page 4 ---
10252889435-v11 
- iv - 
70-41049459 
 
Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, 
or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of Issuers since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.  
Restrictions on distribution 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless 
specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuers, 
the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United 
Kingdom, Ireland and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale").  
None of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should 
be considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by or on behalf of the Issuers, the 
Trustee or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or any Notes should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuers. None of this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, any of the Dealers or the 
Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Suitability 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisors, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the relevant Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated;

--- Page 5 ---
10252889435-v11 
- v - 
70-41049459 
 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent: (i) Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €15,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Agreement)).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement as defined under "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), references to "£", "GBP", "Sterling" or 
"pounds sterling" are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom, references to 
"EUR", "euro" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from 
time to time, references to "Yen" or "¥" refer to Japanese Yen and references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars", 
"$" or "dollars" are to United States dollars. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the "Group" are to PTSB Holdings and its subsidiary undertakings. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Product Governance under MiFID II  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
10252889435-v11 
- vi - 
70-41049459 
 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes and solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuers have determined, and 
hereby notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that all Notes to be issued

--- Page 7 ---
10252889435-v11 
- vii - 
70-41049459 
 
under the Programme should be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore). 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 38 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 40 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 44 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 90 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 107 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP ........................................................................ 109 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 123 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 128 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 133

--- Page 9 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is a general description of the Programme. It must be read as an introduction to 
this Base Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus (and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus). Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have 
the same meaning in this overview unless otherwise defined herein. 
 
Issuers: 
Permanent TSB Group Holdings p.l.c. 
 
 
permanent tsb p.l.c.  
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuers' ability 
to fulfil their obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" below 
and include the fact that the Group's results may be 
adversely affected by the general economic conditions and 
other business conditions or changes in interest rates, the 
Group conducts its businesses subject to regulation and 
associated regulatory risks and in highly competitive 
environments, downgrades in the Group's ratings could 
significantly impact its competitive position, adverse 
experience in the operational risks inherent in the Group's 
business could have a negative impact on the results of its 
operations. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These 
are set out under "Risk Factors" and include certain risks 
relating to the structure of a particular series of Notes and 
certain market risks. 
 
Description: 
Euro Note Programme 
 
Arranger: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
Dealers: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the 
relevant Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.  
 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
 
Size: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 aggregate nominal amount (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated in accordance with 
the provisions of the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuers may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Yen and, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements, any other currency agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 10 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
 
In respect of any Notes where such Notes have a maturity 
of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer in the 
United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute 
a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the relevant Issuer. 
 
 
In respect of any Notes issued by PTSB Holdings having a 
maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, 
PTSB Holdings will issue such Notes only in accordance 
with one of the exemptions from the requirement to hold a 
banking licence provided by Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by 
the Central Bank pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central 
Bank Act 1971 of Ireland, inserted by section 31 of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland, as amended by section 
70(d) of the Central Bank Act 1997 of Ireland.  Any such 
Notes will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not 
be within the scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme (as 
defined below). 
 
 
In the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes, the minimum maturity 
will be such as will enable such Notes to qualify as 
regulatory capital for supervisory purposes from time to 
time. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in 
"Form of the Notes". 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note form (a "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. Each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of 
an interest in a Temporary Global Note or any receipt of any 
payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive 
Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, 
if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at the fixed rate(s) of 
interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such 
interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
determined pursuant to the Conditions. 
 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on 
one or more date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by reference to the applicable Reset Reference Rate and for 
a period equal to the relevant reset period, as adjusted for 
any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or determined pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
 
(ii) 
by reference to a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service,  
 
 
in any such case as adjusted for any applicable margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. 
 
Change of interest or payment basis: 
Notes may be converted from one interest and/or payment 
basis to another, to the extent (if at all) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and if so agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount 
or at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount

--- Page 12 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Maturity 
Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before the Maturity Date at the 
option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders (as 
described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) and Condition 10(g) (Issuer Residual Call), to 
the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject (in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes) to obtaining 
Supervisory Permission and complying with the Regulatory 
Preconditions (see Condition 10(m)(i) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Restrictions on Early Redemption)) and subject 
(in the case of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings and 
Tier 2 Capital Notes that have ceased to qualify in whole but 
not in part as Tier 2 Capital) to obtaining the permission of 
the Supervisory Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (as defined in the Conditions) (if such permission 
is then required under the Applicable MREL Regulations) 
(see Condition 10(m)(ii) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Restrictions on Early Redemption)). 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for: 
(a) 
tax reasons, as described in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons); or  
(b) 
in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes, regulatory 
reasons, 
as 
described 
in 
Condition 
10(d) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Regulatory Event 
Redemption of Tier 2 Capital Notes); or 
(c) 
in the case of Senior Notes issued by PTSB 
Holdings, or (following the MREL Disqualification 
Event Effective Date) Tier 2 Capital Notes, upon 
the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, 
as described in Condition 10(e) (Redemption as a 
result of an MREL Disqualification Event),  
subject (in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes) to obtaining 
Supervisory Permission and complying with the Regulatory 
Preconditions (see Condition 10(m)(i) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Restrictions on Early Redemption)) and subject 
(in the case of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings and 
Tier 2 Capital Notes that have ceased to qualify in whole but 
not in part as Tier 2 capital) to obtaining the permission of 
the Supervisory Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (if such permission is then required under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations) (see Condition 10(m)(ii) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Restrictions on Early 
Redemption)). 
 
Substitution and Variation: 
In respect of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings or Tier 
2 Capital Notes, in the event that an MREL Disqualification 
Event, a Regulatory Event or Tax Event (as applicable) 
occurs or to ensure the enforceability and effectiveness of 
Condition 23 (Statutory Loss Absorption), the relevant 
Issuer may have the right to substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Notes or modify the terms of all (but not some

--- Page 13 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Holders, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Notes, subject to obtaining the permission of the 
Supervisory Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (if such permission is then required under the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements (in the case of Tier 2 
Capital Notes) and/or Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements), save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
€100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
 
Taxation: 
All payments of interest and principal will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by Ireland, unless such deduction is required by law. Subject 
to customary exceptions, the relevant Issuer will pay 
additional amounts in respect of interest and (in respect of 
Senior Notes issued by PTSB only) principal in the 
circumstances set out in Condition 13 (Taxation). 
 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross default 
provision. 
 
No Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
 
Status of Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) 
constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the 
relevant Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present 
and 
future 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the relevant Issuer, save for such obligations 
as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application. 
 
Status of Tier 2 Capital Notes: 
The Tier 2 Capital Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, 
if any) constitute direct, unsecured, unguaranteed and 
subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer ranking pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. In the 
event of the winding up of the relevant Issuer, the claims of 
the Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders but not the rights 
and claims of the Trustee in its personal capacity under the 
Trust Deed), the Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes and any 
related Coupons against the relevant Issuer in respect of 
such Notes and Coupons (including any damages or other 
amounts (if payable)) shall, subject to applicable law 
(including Article 48(7) of BRRD as implemented in 
Ireland) (i) be subordinated in the manner provided in the 
Trust Deed to the claims of all Senior Creditors (as defined 
in the Conditions); (ii) rank at least pari passu with the 
claims of all other subordinated creditors of the relevant 
Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Tier 2 Capital Notes; 
and (iii) rank senior to the relevant Issuer's ordinary shares, 
preference shares and any junior subordinated obligations 
or other securities of the relevant Issuer which by law rank,

--- Page 14 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Tier 2 
Capital Notes. 
Ratings: 
PTSB has a rating of (a) (P)A2 in respect of Senior 
Unsecured Debt and (P)Ba1 in respect of Subordinated Debt 
from Moody's, (b) a long-term issuer credit rating of BBB 
from Standard & Poor's and (c) a long term issuer default 
rating of BBB- from Fitch. PTSB Holdings has a rating of 
(a) (P)Baa2 in respect of Senior Unsecured Debt and a long 
term issuer credit rating of Baa2 from Moody's, (b) a short 
term issuer credit rating of B and a long term issuer credit 
rating of BB- from Standard & Poor's and (c) a long term 
issuer default rating of BB+ from Fitch. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described 
above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms 
or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the 
"ICSDs").  
 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The 
Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, 
except that the issue date and the amount of the first 
payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to

--- Page 15 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The Trustee may in certain circumstances, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, agree to the substitution of 
either Issuer, as described in Condition 18 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution – 
Substitution). 
 
Listing and Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted 
during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to 
listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits 
Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other 
or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. 
An issue of unlisted Notes by an Issuer may lead to an 
obligation on the relevant Issuer to apply a withholding tax 
or Deposit Interest Retention Tax as set out in "Irish 
Taxation" on page 118 below unless other exemptions 
apply. The Final Terms relating to each issue will state 
whether or not and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and 
market(s) the Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading. 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with (i) in the case of an 
English Law Note, English law except that Conditions 4(b), 
4(c) and 23 (Statutory Loss Absorption) and the equivalent 
provisions of the Trust Deed will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Irish law or (ii) in the case of 
an Irish Law Note, Irish Law. 
 
 
The Trust Deed will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with (i) in the case of an English Law Note, 
English law except that clauses 5.2 (Status and 
Subordination of Tier 2 Capital Notes) and 5.3 (No set-off) 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Irish 
law or (ii) in the case of an Irish Law Note, Irish Law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling and other restrictions in relation to the 
offering and sale of Notes and the distribution of offering 
materials in certain jurisdictions. See "Subscription and 
Sale" below. 
 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Senior 
Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Group. The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of 
Tier 2 Capital Notes will be used for general corporate 
purposes of the Group and to further strengthen the 
regulatory capital base of the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuers and the industry in which they operate together with all other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuers that are not currently known to the Issuers, or that either currently deems immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuers and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GROUP 
The Group’s business has been and will continue to be adversely affected by the impact of the COVID–
19 virus and the fallout from the War in Ukraine 
An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus ("COVID-19") in late December 2019 spread globally, 
including within Ireland, the Group's core market. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared 
COVID-19 to be a pandemic. The impact included a sharp decline in economic activity, which in 
combination with general uncertainty regarding the evolution of the pandemic, has resulted in significant 
volatility in financial markets and substantial harm to the Irish economy. In addition, measures by various 
governments to reduce the spread of COVID-19 led to a sharp decline in global economic activity, resulting 
in widespread closure of companies and steep rises in the level of unemployment. Although the introduction 
of vaccines and treatments, as well as the evolution of milder variants, has led to a significant relaxation or 
removal of restrictive measures and a return to more normal economic conditions the impact of the COVID-
19 outbreak on health, global economies and financial markets could become more severe if one or more 
further waves or new variants of the virus were to occur. Furthermore, there can be no guarantee that any 
similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future or that the effects of the current global pandemic 
will not deteriorate further. If such pandemics or outbreaks occur in the future, they may result in similar 
or more adverse effects. 
On 24 February 2022, Russia announced its decision to conduct "special military operations" in Ukraine. 
The fallout from the ongoing conflict, including greater uncertainty, high global energy and non-energy 
commodity prices, and the spill-over effects of the increasing extensive sanctions imposed on Russia is 
dampening economic activity globally and in Ireland and increasing prices and costs for consumers and 
businesses, while central banks are responding to rising inflation by increasing interest rates. Any escalation 
of the conflict and imposition of additional sanctions resulting in a restriction of energy supplies and a 
further increase in energy prices would adversely impact the global and Irish economies, resulting in higher 
inflation and lower growth and possibly recession. The war in Ukraine, and the possibility of further adverse 
economic consequences of the conflict, may act as a trigger for a reassessment of corporate and sovereign 
risk by market participants leading to further sharp re-pricing of financial assets and a rise in risk premia. 
A more protracted and severe economic downturn than expected, if coupled with higher sovereign 
borrowing costs, may result in unsustainable public finances in some Member States of the Eurozone. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group's business and financial performance has been and will continue to be affected by general 
economic conditions in Ireland and, to a lesser extent, the UK, and economic conditions globally 
(including recent liquidity and other events in the banking industry) 
The Group is directly and indirectly subject to inherent risks arising from general economic conditions in 
Ireland and, to a lesser extent, the UK, and the state of the global financial markets both generally, and as 
they specifically affect financial institutions. All of the Group's operations are based in Ireland and all of 
its loans and advances to customers are to customers in Ireland; accordingly, its interest and other income

--- Page 17 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
is derived almost entirely from Irish customers with a particular focus on retail customers and to a lesser 
extent owner-managed enterprises. The Group is therefore particularly exposed to macroeconomic 
conditions in Ireland and, to a certain extent, the UK due to the close economic relationship between the 
UK and Ireland. A substantial increase in interest rates over a short to medium period, a decrease in house 
prices reducing the value of collateral or an increase that negatively impacts affordability, sustained high 
levels of unemployment, or continued or further constraints on household disposable income (including as 
a result of high inflation following a rebound in economic activity after the COVID-19 pandemic, increased 
global commodity and energy prices, and weaknesses in global supply chains) may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. This could have 
adverse consequences for the Group if investment in strategic initiatives are de-prioritised and actions taken 
to control costs result in increased operational risk. 
Although the Irish economy has returned to growth since the economic challenges faced during the global 
financial crisis (between 2008 and 2013), the re-emergence of any such financial turbulence (including as 
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions between Russia and NATO as a result of the 
conflict in Ukraine, energy supply shortages or the failure of ongoing progress towards more normal 
economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.   
Inflation influences central interest rate policy. For example, a rise in interest rates due to inflation without 
sufficient improvement in customers' earnings levels could lead to an increase in default or re-default rates 
among customers with variable rate obligations. Elevated inflation can affect the affordability of the 
Group's products to customers in this way. 
In addition, the stability of the power-sharing executive (the "Executive") in Northern Ireland has been 
severely tested following disagreement regarding the implementation of the Northern Ireland Protocol (the 
"Protocol"), which came into force on 1 January 2021 and which provides for a new arrangement between 
Northern Ireland and Ireland following the departure of the UK from the EU (commonly known as "Brexit") 
regarding the movement of goods at the point of entry into EU’s single market. The resignation of the First 
Minister (and the automatic departure of the Deputy First Minister) on 3 February 2022 means that the 
Executive, restored previously, can no longer meet and is unable to take significant policy decisions. There 
is now uncertainty over the future of existing political structures in Northern Ireland and a risk that civil 
unrest may occur if a satisfactory resolution of the dispute over the Protocol cannot be reached. The 
uncertainty resulting from these possible future developments as well as the potential impact of the Windsor 
Framework mentioned in the risk factor "The consequences of the UK's withdrawal from the EU lead to a 
deterioration in market and economic conditions in the UK and Ireland, which could adversely affect the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects" below, may have an adverse 
impact on economic conditions in Northern Ireland and the region, which could in turn have an adverse 
effect on the Group given the proximity of its operations to Northern Ireland.  
The risk of contagion in the markets in which the Group operates and dislocations caused by the 
interdependency of financial markets' participants and of members of currency and supranational economic 
associations is an ongoing risk to the Group's financial condition. This includes recent volatility in global 
markets following the liquidity issues with certain US banks, which led to the receivership, voluntary 
liquidation or regulatory control of these banks, the provision of emergency liquidity facilities to certain 
banks and the sale of Credit Suisse. Any change in membership of such associations or reductions in the 
perceived creditworthiness of one or more significant borrowers or financial institutions could lead to 
market-wide liquidity problems, losses and defaults, which could adversely affect the Group's results, 
financial condition and future prospects. Central banks including the Federal Reserve in the U.S., the Bank 
of England and the European Central Bank have taken steps to increase interest rates and this is likely to 
have a negative impact on economic activity. High levels of government debt are becoming a greater cause 
for concern in light of rising inflation levels and the prospect of further interest rate hikes.  
The consequences of the UK's withdrawal from the EU lead to a deterioration in market and economic 
conditions in the UK and Ireland, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects 
On 24 December 2020, the UK and the European Union ("EU") agreed to the EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement (the "TCA") in connection with Brexit. The TCA became provisionally applicable 
from 1 January 2021 and was ratified by the European Parliament on 28 April 2021. According to the 
European Commission, the TCA "sets out preferential arrangements in areas such as trade in goods and in 
services, digital trade, intellectual property, public procurement, aviation and road transport, energy,

--- Page 18 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
fisheries, social security coordination, law enforcement and judicial cooperation in criminal matters, 
thematic cooperation and participation in Union programmes". However, the TCA does not cover financial 
services, other than through a general undertaking to ensure the implementation and application of 
internationally agreed standards in the financial services sector for regulation and supervision, leaving the 
decisions of "equivalence" and "adequacy" to be determined by each side unilaterally in due course. The 
TCA does provide for potential future agreements to supplement the TCA and to cover further issues 
including financial services. There is, however, no guarantee that such equivalence decisions will be issued 
by the EU or the UK in the future, or that any extensions or renewals of temporary equivalence decisions 
or similar transitional arrangements will be made by the EU or the UK in the future. 
Given the above, the TCA has removed some degree of uncertainty and downside risk for the Irish economy. 
Nonetheless, this free trade agreement involves far weaker ties between the EU and the UK compared to 
the Single Market and Customs Union. Trade in both goods and services between the EU and the UK is no 
longer frictionless and will be more costly. The EU introduced full customs controls from 1 January 2021. 
The UK Government is phasing in border controls for most imports of goods over 2022. Although the risk 
of Brexit negatively impacting the Group's performance or operations is lower than the time prior to the 
TCA being reached, it is not currently possible to determine fully the impact that the UK’s departure from 
the EU and/or any related matters may have on future economic conditions in Ireland and the UK. In 
February 2023 the UK government announced the Windsor Framework, intended to facilitate trade between 
the UK and Northern Ireland without disrupting access to the EU market for Northern Irish businesses. At 
this stage it is not possible to determine the impact of the Windsor Framework on the UK or Irish economies. 
In the medium to long-run, the negative impact on trade flows, migration and productivity are likely to have 
implications on output of the Group's core market of Ireland. The UK's withdrawal from the EU may also 
lead to a prolonged period of volatility in the pound sterling to euro exchange rates and interest rates and, 
as a result, adversely affect the competitiveness of certain sectors of the Irish economy. Such volatility may 
adversely affect the Group's operations. 
The UK’s withdrawal from the EU may also have an impact on labour market conditions in Ireland. In 
particular, UK-based financial services providers lost EU passporting rights as of 1 January 2021 and such 
providers would have to seek an alternative base for their operations and relocate such operations to other 
jurisdictions, including Ireland, in order to continue to access the EEA market for financial services. 
Restrictions on mobility of personnel could create difficulties for the Group in recruiting and retaining 
qualified employees, both in the UK and Ireland. This may result in heightened competition for suitably 
qualified employees, which could adversely affect the Group’s ability to attract and retain employees. 
A prolonged period of low interest rates, or a substantial increase in interest rates over the short to 
medium term, is a risk to the Group's business 
Interest rates are impacted by factors outside of the Group's control, including the fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks as well as political and economic conditions.  The mortgage 
portfolio of the Group includes Irish tracker mortgages which are set by reference to the applicable main 
refinancing operations rate (whether such rate is, at the relevant time, fixed or variable) of the European 
Central Bank (the "ECB" and the "ECB Base Rate") and also includes variable interest rate mortgages in 
respect of which the interest rates are set internally by the Group.  The variable and tracker rates are subject 
to change and consequently the Group could be subject to a higher risk of default in payment by a borrower 
as a result of a significant increase in variable rate or tracker rates. The mortgage portfolio also includes 
fixed interest rate mortgages which will be restricted in its ability to reprice in the event of a substantial 
increase in interest rates over the short term. Customers on existing fixed interest rate mortgages could also 
be subject to a higher risk of default due to increased repayment costs on maturity of their fixed rate term. 
To the extent that there is a prolonged period of low interest rates, this could exert downward pressure on 
net interest income and reduce returns on certain financial products of the Group, including tracker 
mortgages, whose interest rates are linked to the ECB Base Rate. In addition, while a prolonged low interest 
rate environment could provide the Group opportunities to reduce the cost of its funding, the reduced return 
for depositors may reduce the incentive for customers to save and this could restrict the Group's ability to 
fund its balance sheet and could constrain new lending which could adversely impact on the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
There are differences between the interest rate repricing frequency of the Group's assets (including 
mortgages) and the Group's liabilities (including deposits). The variable interest deposit rates are set 
internally by the Group. In times of rapidly increasing interest rates, liabilities may reprice quicker than

--- Page 19 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
assets. This may adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations, financial conditions and 
prospects. 
Conversely, although a rise in interest rates would deliver certain benefits to the Group, it could negatively 
impact the affordability of mortgages for customers as a result of increasing repayment costs, and this could 
potentially result in an increase in impairments in the mortgage book which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, rising 
interest rates may impact on affordability for borrowers as well as exert a dampening effect on economic 
activity more broadly, and accordingly may adversely impact new mortgage lending and/or other new 
lending. 
The impact of climate change on the Group's business 
The Group defines climate risk as the risk of financial loss or an adverse outcome arising from the 
consequences, likelihoods and a lack of or inadequate responses to the impacts of climate change. Climate 
change brings two key climate risks: physical risk and transition risk.  
Physical risk  is the risk of economic costs and financial losses resulting from more extreme weather events 
brought about by climate change for example increased risk of flooding, and may impact the Group's 
operations, small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") client operations and business model and retail 
collateral values. Considering the Group's focus on retail mortgages, the Group understands that this 
portfolio can be impacted by climate-related physical risks through persistent or chronic changes in the 
environment. Climate change can lead to an increase in storms and flooding events, such events can 
subsequently impact property values and increase credit risk for example, loss given default. 
Transition risk is the risk of economic or policy changes resulting from the transition to a low-carbon 
economy. The changes may result in costs, for example significant resources may be required to comply 
with all regulatory changes, the cost of the transition may impact SME customers particularly those in high 
transition risk sectors, and policy changes may result in future cost for retail customers increasing credit 
risk due to lower repayment capacity and increased probability of default. Additionally, if the pace of the 
transition is too slow, a sharper adjustment will ultimately be required, posing macroeconomic and financial 
stability risks. 
Climate risk and sustainability is captured across a number of lenses, including: strategy development, 
green products, credit risk assessment, capital allocation, pricing, corporate social responsibility and carbon 
footprint. While this is an increasing area of focus for the Group, integrating climate risk into the broader 
risk management framework will require the Group to measure its potential exposures to climate change. 
If the Group does not adequately embed risks associated with climate change into its risk management 
framework to appropriately measure, manage and disclose the various financial and operational risks it 
faces as a result of climate change, or fails to adapt its strategy and business model to the changing 
regulatory requirements and market expectations on a timely basis, it may have a material and adverse 
impact on the Group's level of business, competitiveness, reputation, profitability, capital requirements, 
cost of funding, and financial condition. 
Decreases in the credit quality of the Group's borrowers and counterparties, or difficulties in relation to 
the recoverability of loans and other amounts due from such borrowers and counterparties, are risks to 
the Group's business 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of both secured and unsecured loans and 
amounts due from the Group's borrowers and counterparties are inherent in the Group's businesses. 
Additional or unanticipated adverse changes in the credit quality or behaviour of the Group's borrowers and 
counterparties or adverse changes arising from a deterioration in economic conditions or a change in the 
political environment in Ireland or elsewhere, a substantive increase in interest rates, a rise in 
unemployment, a change in the political environment, or a reduction in household disposable income could 
increase impaired loans, impairment charges and expected losses which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Within the Group’s residential mortgage portfolio is a legacy book of loans originated on an "Interest Only" 
repayment schedule.  The Group is and has been engaged with these customers to advise of the repayment 
shock and ascertain their capital repayment plan. There is a risk that the customers may not have the ability 
to address the bullet repayment over time or at the end of their loan without recourse to the underlying 
security.

--- Page 20 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
The global financial crisis and the Irish banking crisis resulted in a significant deterioration in the credit 
quality of loans and advances to customers in Ireland, and consequently a significant increase in non-
performing loans ("NPLs"), forborne loans and impairment provisions at a number of Irish banks, including 
the Group. If house prices decrease or employment levels decrease, the Group's residential mortgage 
lending portfolios may be exposed to further increases in impairment charges, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group uses a range of financial instruments to fund and hedge its activities including derivative 
contracts such as interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps, future rate agreements, futures and options. The 
Group enters into derivative contracts primarily to hedge the Group's interest rate risk and foreign exchange 
rate risk in its underlying balance sheet asset & liability positions. 
Counterparty risk is the risk that the counterparty to a contract into which the Group has entered defaults 
prior to the maturity of the contract. Counterparty risk includes derivative contracts where the Group is 
exposed to the risk of the counterparty defaulting prior to the maturity of "in-the-money" products, thereby 
necessitating replacement of the contract at applicable market rates. 
The Group is exposed to conduct risk in the execution of the Group's activities and processes 
Conduct risk is the risk that the conduct of the Group towards customers or the market leads to poor 
customer outcomes, a failure to meet its customers' or regulators' expectations or breaches of regulatory 
rules or laws. 
Conduct risk can occur in every aspect of the Group’s activities, including through: 
• 
the strategy of the Group and how it is executed; 
• 
the way the Group is run and managed; 
• 
the existence of groupthink or localised cultures; 
• 
the lack of psychological safety for staff in facilitating a robust "speak-freely" process; 
• 
the design and types of products/services offered, the customers to whom they are offered and the 
distribution channels used; 
• 
the way sales are made or transactions are executed; 
• 
the post-sales fulfilment process throughout the life of the product; and 
• 
the interactions with customers throughout the lifetime of the relationship, including when 
customers make complaints either directly or through the Financial Services and Pensions 
Ombudsman or where customer-impacting errors occur. See "Legacy legal cases" below.  
The Group's aspiration is to ensure that it has a customer centric culture which is focused on delivering fair 
outcomes for customers at all times which will contribute to building trust with its customers and other key 
stakeholders. Conduct failures are likely to have an adverse effect on the Group's ability to keep and attract 
customers which further impacts on the retention of corporate and retail deposits and thus may adversely 
impact the Group's financial condition.  
In December 2015, the Central Bank announced an industry-wide review of tracker mortgages (the "TME"). 
The Group has completed its work in response to the TME and the Central Bank has concluded its related 
enforcement investigation. The majority of redress and compensation payments have been made to 
impacted customers. However, the Group is involved in a number of cases in the Circuit Court and in the 
High Court and is dealing with complaints to the Financial Services and Pensions Ombudsman from 
customers who were impacted by TME or who consider themselves to have been impacted by the loss of a 
tracker rate mortgage entitlement. In these cases and complaints, the customers are either seeking further 
redress and compensation beyond that offered by the Group as part of the TME or an entitlement to a tracker 
mortgage in circumstances where they were not deemed impacted by the Group in its response to the TME. 
The Group is currently applying the outcome of one tracker related Financial Services and Pensions 
Ombudsman decision - in which the customer’s complaint was upheld - to a small number of other 
customers resulting in certain redress and compensation payments being made. The Group had already

--- Page 21 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
provisioned for this. Separately, the Group recently appealed two determinations of the Financial Services 
and Pensions Ombudsman to the High Court where the Financial Services and Pensions Ombudsman found 
in favour of the customers. The appeals relate to claims by individual customers that were not deemed 
impacted as part of the TME in terms of having an entitlement to tracker mortgage interest rates on their 
loans. The appeals were commenced in November 2021 and January 2022 respectively. One of the appeals 
is due to be heard in June 2023. The other had a hearing date of January 2023 but this has been adjourned 
and a new hearing date has not been set. Whilst the appeals are progressing, their outcome is unknown. The 
Group is aware that there are other High Court proceedings on-going in which decisions of the Financial 
Services and Pensions Ombudsman, upholding customers’ claims to a tracker interest rate on their 
mortgage, are being challenged by a retail bank. While the facts of each case differ, the Group is evaluating 
whether any issues raised in these other proceedings could have implications for the Group’s on-going 
appeals and its position in respect of whether there could be a liability to customers  who are in similar 
circumstances to the customers who are the subject of the Group’s appeals. If the Group's appeals are 
unsuccessful, it may materially impact the Group and result in customers of the Group currently deemed 
not impacted to be remediated.  
Constraints on liquidity are a risk to the Group's business 
Financial institutions such as the Group are subject to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group 
may experience difficulty in meeting its contractual obligations as and when they fall due, without incurring 
excessive cost.   
The Group principally raises funding through retail and corporate and institutional deposits and secured 
and unsecured funding arrangements. Secured funding arrangements include the sale of residential 
mortgage backed securities ("RMBS"), and repo arrangements (both with the ECB, and with third parties). 
Given the relative size of the Group's retail deposit base, any serious loss of confidence by its retail 
depositors could have a significant impact on the Group's liquidity position. The Group can avail of 
Eurosystem Funding through normal operations. Therefore, any change to the conditions of Eurosystem 
Funding or a significant withdrawal of such facilities represents a level of risk to the Group's funding profile 
and business. 
The Group maintains a portfolio of unencumbered assets which are a further source of liquidity. These 
unencumbered assets are largely Irish and other eurozone sovereign bonds and deposits with central banks 
which qualify as high quality liquid assets under Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and 
Council of 26 June 2013 (as amended, including by Directive 2019/878/EU, the "Capital Requirements 
Directive") and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and Council of 26 June 2013 
(as amended, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the "Capital Requirements Regulation" or "CRR" 
and together with the Capital Requirements Directive, "CRD IV"). The Group's ability to access deposit 
and other funding arrangements on satisfactory economic terms is subject to a variety of factors, including 
a number of factors which are outside its control, such as general market conditions, regulatory 
requirements and levels of confidence in the Irish banking system. In addition, the availability and extent 
of the deposit guarantee schemes (which were established under Irish and European legislation to protect 
eligible depositors in the event of a bank, building society or credit union authorised in Ireland being unable 
to repay deposits, the "Deposit Guarantee Schemes") may have a significant effect on the Group's ability 
to retain deposits under a severe stress event. The Group's ability to access secured funding is also 
dependent upon the quality of its underlying collateral and consequently any material deterioration in the 
value of such collateral, which is likely to be influenced by factors beyond the Group's control, could have 
a negative effect on the Group's ability to access such funding. If access to funding is constrained for a 
prolonged period of time, the Group's costs could increase as competition for deposits could intensify and 
the cost of accessing the funding markets would rise. Similarly, any material decrease in the Group's 
customer deposits could have a negative effect on the Group's liquidity and also, particularly if accompanied 
by one of the other factors described above (such as an insufficiency of liquidity or a deterioration in 
collateral values), could have a negative impact on the Group's ability to meet its minimum liquidity 
requirements, which may also adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. A significant constraint on liquidity could lead to the imposition of administrative 
actions or sanctions against the Group by regulators and in an extreme scenario lead to a suspension or 
revocation of the Group's banking licence.

--- Page 22 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
The Group is exposed to risk in respect of the manner in which it determines and implements interest 
rate changes 
The Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI" or the "Central Bank") has confirmed that the fair treatment of 
mortgage holders is one of its key priorities. In particular, the Central Bank has stated that it is examining 
the manner in which lenders are treating new and existing variable rate mortgage holders when determining 
and implementing rate changes. The Central Bank has emphasised that mortgage interest rates and charges 
(and in particular the rates set for standard variable rate mortgages, which banks generally have the right to 
vary unilaterally) should be set in a transparent, fair and consistent manner that does not disadvantage 
certain groups of customers, especially those that are less able to switch mortgage. 
Mortgage lending, and in particular principal dwelling house ("PDH"), is a significant part of the Group's 
business. In common with other mortgage lenders, the Group is at risk of a review or investigation by the 
Central Bank, and potentially sanctions or penalties, in respect of any perceived or actual failure to act 
appropriately when setting interest rates on its mortgage products. 
In addition, the Group's mortgage rates may come under further pressure from competitors in the future. 
Increasing competitive pressure or political or regulatory focus on an alignment of mortgage rates between 
those for new business and the existing standard variable rate and/or managed variable rate, or, on an 
alignment of mortgage rates with those charged by lenders in other euro area markets, may result in a 
reduction in the Group's standard or managed variable rates, and any such reduction in its rates could impact 
adversely the Group's net interest income and net interest margin, which in turn may adversely affect the 
Group's financial condition, results of operations, revenues and profitability. 
Weaknesses or failures in the Group's processes and procedures, external events or other operational 
risks are a risk to the Group's business 
The Group is dependent on its ability to process and report, accurately and efficiently, a high volume of 
complex transactions across numerous and diverse products and services, and subject to a number of legal 
and regulatory regimes. Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss or unplanned gains resulting from 
inadequate or failed processes, people and systems or from external events.  This includes business 
continuity, outsourcing and third party, business process, fraud, legal, people, data management and 
property risk.  Operational losses, including financial, operational or reputational damages, loss of earnings 
and economic value of capital and unplanned gains, may result from the engagement and management of 
third parties contracted internally or externally.  
 
The Group may also experience processing, reporting or account maintenance errors, acts intended to 
defraud, misappropriate property, circumvent regulations, the law or company policy by either an internal 
party or external parties or a combination of both, which may result in unenforceable contracts, lawsuits or 
adverse judgements that can disrupt or otherwise negatively affect the operations or condition of the Group. 
Critical business operations that cannot be maintained or recovered in a timely manner, in the event of a 
severe business disruption, including loss of premises or people, may also have an adverse effect on the 
Group's ability to deliver customer services leading to a loss of revenue and/or reputational damage.  
The Group may also fail to meet legislative and regulatory obligations in relation to the management, 
access, accuracy, retention and disclosure of bank and customer data. In addition, the failure of the Group 
to meet its employment obligations and duty of care to staff or the failure to ensure adequate resources and 
or skills are in place, or if succession planning is not used to promote depth of capability to reduce 
overreliance on any one individual or labour disputes may all affect the Group's ability to maintain and 
motivate the necessary staff to maintain levels of customer service and operational efficiency. Potential loss 
or damage to or changes in the value of the Group’s property assets and projects that will not achieve the 
desired objectives may also have a negative impact on asset values and resource levels of the Group. The 
Group's frameworks, policies, identified controls and/or mitigating actions (all of which are subject to 
ongoing review and enhancement) may not be effective in controlling each of or a combination of the 
operational risks faced by the Group. Any weakness in these controls or actions could result in increased 
regulatory supervision, enforcement actions (including financial penalties) and other disciplinary actions 
and could also have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects, as well as reputational damage which could exacerbate such adverse impact.

--- Page 23 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
Information Technology risk 
Information Technology ("IT") risk is the risk of loss due to breach of confidentiality, failure of integrity 
of systems and data, inappropriateness or unavailability of systems and data or inability to change IT within 
a reasonable time and with reasonable costs when the environment or business requirements change (i.e. 
agility). This includes security risks resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or external events 
including cyber-attacks or inadequate physical security. Trends in the market indicate an increased level of 
threat, complexity and sophistication in the cyber security space with multiple high-impact and high-profile 
incidents reported in the world media in the last 12 months. The Group's inability to defend against a cyber-
attack in a timely manner due to inadequate identification, prevention or detection tools increases the 
Group's exposure to successful attacks by malicious third parties potentially resulting in financial and 
reputational damage. Examples of the type of risks the Group faces in this regard include the engagement 
of a third party, or another Group entity (intra-group outsourcing), to provide information and 
communications technology systems or related services which may adversely impact the institution’s 
performance and risk management, or that the data stored and processed by IT systems are incomplete, 
inaccurate or inconsistent across different IT systems, for example as a result of weak or absent IT controls 
during the different phases of the IT data life cycle (i.e. designing the data architecture, building the data 
model and/or data dictionaries, verifying data inputs, controlling data extractions, transfers and processing, 
including rendered data outputs), thereby impairing the ability of an institution to provide services and 
produce risk, management and financial information in a correct and timely manner. In addition, the 
institution may be unable to manage IT system changes in a timely and controlled manner, in particular for 
large and complex change programmes and the failure of IT hardware or software components, weaknesses 
in IT system management or any other event, may result in the performance and availability of IT systems 
and data to be adversely affected, including the inability to timely recover the institution’s services. Any 
disruption of critical IT services or breaches of information security (such as unauthorised access to IT 
systems and data from within or outside the institution (e.g. cyber-attacks)), or other third-party service 
provider's IT or other systems, could harm the Group's reputation and have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Technology 
Rapidly shifting consumer behaviours and the proliferation of internet, social and device (mobile, tablet, 
wearable) technologies are changing the way customers research, purchase and maintain the products and 
services they consume in their day to day lives, and this is reflected in the evolving banking models for 
consumers and businesses, both in Ireland and internationally. This not only affects the manner in which 
customers manage their financial affairs and core products (from operating accounts to deposits to credit 
facilities and wealth management instruments), but money transmission is also expected to evolve in the 
coming years with numerous new players entering the payments environment and changing the payment 
services available. Analytically driven and customer focussed new entrants to the market will intensify 
competition and are changing the way financial services companies are approaching their routes to market, 
service and fulfilment value chains, and operating models and core competencies so that they remain 
relevant and compete in the newly consumerised and digital arena. There are also influences and additional 
demands from a regulatory perspective, e.g. operational and digital resilience. An inability of the Group to 
respond to external developments in a timely manner or unnecessary rigidity in the Group's operating model 
preventing an appropriate response could lead to a deterioration in the Group's results, financial conditions 
and prospects. 
In Ireland, the Group is responsible for contributing to compensation schemes in respect of banks and 
other authorised financial services firms which are unable to meet their obligations to customers 
PTSB is obliged to contribute to investor compensation schemes in Ireland, which are designed to 
compensate (up to defined limits) certain classes of customers of authorised financial services firms where 
a firm is unable, or likely to be unable, to pay claims against it. These compensation schemes include, but 
are not limited to, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and the funding of the Single Resolution Fund established 
by the SRM (as defined below), and such schemes are funded by levies on firms authorised by the respective 
financial regulators. In the event that one or more of these compensation schemes significantly changes the 
basis for charging fees in respect of these schemes, any associated increased costs to the Group could have 
an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
The Group relies on attracting, recruiting, developing and retaining appropriate senior management 
and skilled personnel 
The Group's success depends on the continued service of key members of its leadership and management 
team, the availability of suitably skilled personnel in the market, and its capacity to attract and retain the 
highest calibre colleagues. Having the right mix of talent is fundamental to its ability to build and maintain 
the core foundations and operational capabilities required to sustain and enhance the resilience of its 
business and, in doing so, to protect its customers and other stakeholders interests. In the context of the 
above, the Group has established a "People Strategy" (the "People Strategy") which is designed to ensure 
that adequate structures and resources are in place to ensure the effective running of its operations. The 
People Strategy supports the Group's customer-facing teams, its shared-services, and its control and 
governance functions to manage the operational risks that link to talent acquisition and retention. Following 
the emergence of the economy from the COVID-19 emergency, the risks attaching to the People Strategy 
have become somewhat elevated of late as the demand for specialist and more technical skillsets has grown 
considerably. In addition, while the Group has focused on generating sustainable growth through the scale 
acquisition of certain assets of the Ulster Bank, the retail banking landscape has also changed considerably, 
as a result of the exit of certain significant players. At the same time, the Group's operations have become 
subject to increasingly complex regulation and legislation. Each of these factors has contributed to an 
increased demand for talent across the market.  When sourcing talent, the Group is in competition with 
firms outside of the traditional banking sector. In that context, the Group remains restricted in its ability to 
offer modern and fully comprehensive remuneration packages. This is especially the case when considering 
its offering for key executives and key senior managers. These remuneration restrictions are pursuant to the 
2011 placing agreement between the Group, the Minister for Finance and the National Treasury 
Management Agency (the "NTMA"), as amended through the adoption of an amended Relationship 
Framework in May 2015 (the "2011 Placing Agreement") and the relationship framework between the 
Group and the Minister for Finance (the "Relationship Framework"). While this risk continues to be 
actively managed through the design and application of the Group's People Strategy and the continued 
evolution, to the extent possible, of its "Employer Value Proposition",  the restrictions, which were relaxed 
to an extent in December 2022, continue to impact the Group's ability to attract and retain appropriately 
skilled personnel which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects.   
The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgements and estimates that may change over time or may ultimately not 
turn out to be accurate 
In establishing the fair value of certain financial instruments, the Group relies on quoted market prices or, 
where the market for a financial instrument is not sufficiently active, internal valuation models that utilise 
observable financial market data.  In certain circumstances, the data for individual financial instruments or 
classes of financial instruments utilised by such valuation models may not be available or may become 
unavailable due to changes in financial market conditions. In such circumstances, the Group's internal 
valuation models require the Group to make assumptions, judgements and estimates to establish fair value.  
In common with other financial institutions, these internal valuation models are complex, and the 
assumptions, judgements and estimates the Group is required to make often relate to matters that are 
inherently uncertain. For example, in respect of calculations made by the Group as to the fair value of 
derivatives and debt instruments, the principal dependencies are future interest rates and credit spreads.  
Such assumptions, judgements and estimates may need to be updated to reflect changing facts, trends and 
market conditions. Valuations in future periods, reflecting prevailing market conditions, may result in 
significant changes in the fair values of these instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Rating downgrades and/or negative market sentiment may impact the Group, the financial services 
sector and/or Ireland 
If sentiment towards Ireland, the banks and/or other financial institutions operating in Ireland (including 
the Group and/or funding vehicles or the Group) were to deteriorate, or if the Group's credit ratings and/or 
the ratings of the sector were to be further adversely affected, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects and could restrict its ability to 
source regulatory capital and funding. The Group's credit ratings, and those of its funding vehicles, are 
subject to change and could be downgraded as a result of many factors, including a reduction in the Group's 
credit strength and the credit strength of the Group's collateral, or the failure of the Group to implement its 
strategies successfully. In addition, any such change in sentiment or reduction in ratings could result in an

--- Page 25 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
increase in the costs of, and a reduction in the availability of, wholesale funding and deposit arrangements 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects and on its liquidity and funding. In particular, any further downgrade in the Group's 
credit ratings, or those of its funding vehicles could: 
• 
undermine confidence in the Group (which could, among other matters, result in retail and/or 
corporate deposit withdrawals); 
• 
limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Group, as many 
institutions require their counterparties to satisfy minimum ratings requirements; 
• 
increase the Group's borrowing costs; and/or 
• 
adversely affect the Group's liquidity and competitive position. 
The Group may be adversely affected by the budgetary and taxation policies of the Irish and other 
governments through changes in taxation law and policy 
Taxation changes may directly impact the financial performance of the Group through measures such as 
the bank levy, introduced by the Irish Government in 2014, potential restrictions on the use of tax losses 
and an increase in the effective tax rate. Such taxation changes could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial position. The annual bank levy on certain financial institutions, including the Group, has 
been extended to the end of 2023, and the position thereafter is uncertain. The income statement charge in 
respect of the levy in 2022 was circa €22m and the Group expects to pay a similar amount in 2023. 
Changes in Irish taxation have arisen and will continue to arise from the implementation of the Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") Base Erosion and Profits Shifting ("BEPS") 
project and the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives ("ATAD1" and "ATAD2"). As regards ATAD1, the 
Irish Finance Act 2021 enacted the ATAD1 interest limitation rules for accounting periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2022.  The interest limitation rules are not expected to have a material adverse impact on 
the Group's financial position. In December 2021, the EU Commission proposed a draft directive to give 
effect to the OECD's Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two). The intention of Pillar Two is to 
ensure a minimum level of taxation by reference to a 15 per cent. effective tax rate for certain taxpayers. 
The Member States reached agreement on the directive in late 2022 and legislation is expected to be enacted 
to give effect to the directive in Ireland by the end of 2023. The legislative changes are expected to have 
the potential to impact the Group’s effective tax rate and, subject to any transitional arrangements, its 
deferred tax asset on its trading losses. 
In addition, changes in taxation policy and other tax measures adopted by the Irish Government, or by 
international organisations such as the EU, may have an adverse impact on economic activity generally, or 
on borrowers’ ability to repay their loans and, as a result, on the Group’s business. 
International initiatives in recent years which could have such impacts include the OECD BEPS project 
including Pillars One and Two, ATAD1 and ATAD2. The various international initiatives in relation to the 
taxation of the digital economy could have a significant impact on a number of digital companies with a 
large presence in Ireland. These and any other similar actions could result in companies relocating from 
Ireland or deciding to invest in other jurisdictions, which could have an adverse impact on the Irish economy 
and, as a result, on the Group's business. 
As a result of financial support measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Governments may 
consider future changes to budgetary and taxation policies to address the increased burden on public 
finances, which may have an adverse impact on future economic activity and the Group’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE INDUSTRY 
Competition in the Irish personal financial services markets may adversely affect the Group's operations 
The Irish market for financial services is competitive, with several factors affecting the Group's ability to sell 
its products, including price, returns offered, range of product lines, product quality, brand, reputation 
and distribution strength, name recognition and management performance. Within Ireland, the Group's 
principal competitors comprise the major Irish banks, deposit takers and credit unions, including Allied

--- Page 26 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Irish Bank, Bank of Ireland and An Post. The exit of KBC Bank Ireland and Ulster Bank from the Irish market 
will impact the competitive landscape. The Group competes with other providers of personal financial 
services and operates in a competitive and consolidated market. The main personal financial services 
markets in which the Group operates is mature and slow growing, so that growth requires taking market 
share from existing and new competitors entering in market. As a result, the Group's business may be 
impacted by competitor actions (including by actions of competitors who are less adversely affected by 
legacy issues (such as tracker mortgage drag) and who may have access to funding at a cheaper rate than 
the Group). The Group's business could also be impacted by reductions in the variable interest rates 
(potentially driven by increased competition or through regulatory intervention) that it applies to its 
residential mortgage books, which could adversely impact the Group's interest income margins. 
Competition may increase in some or all of the Group's principal markets or products and this may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operation, financial condition and prospects. 
Competition may elevate the focus on price and service as the key differentiators, each of which carries 
a cost to the provider. If the Group is unable to match the efficiency of its competitors in these respects, it 
risks losing competitiveness and being unable to match its strategic, growth and income aspirations.  
Competition may intensify further in response to consumer demand, technological changes, the impact 
of consolidation by the Group's competitors and regulatory actions. New competitors in the financial 
services industry continue to emerge. Technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it 
possible for non-banks to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products such as 
electronic securities trading, payments processing and online automated algorithmic-based investment 
advice. Furthermore, payments processing and other services could be significantly disrupted by 
technologies, such as blockchain (used in cryptocurrency systems) and "buy now pay later" lending, both 
of which are currently subject to lower levels of regulatory oversight. It could allow new competitors, some 
previously hindered by banking regulation (such as FinTechs), to provide customers with alternative access 
to financial services and increase disintermediation of banking services. 
Increased competition as a result of these or other factors could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's business and financial performance could be adversely affected by the exit from the EMU 
of one or more of its members 
The possibility remains that the euro could be abandoned as a currency by one or more countries that have 
already adopted its use and, in an extreme scenario, abandonment of the euro could result in the dissolution 
of the European Monetary Union ("EMU"). This would lead to the re-introduction of individual currencies 
in one or more EMU member states. The effects on the European and global economies of the exit of one 
or more European Union member states from the EMU, the potential dissolution of the EMU and the 
redenomination of financial instruments from euro to a different currency, are impossible to predict fully. If 
any such events were to occur they would likely: 
• 
result in significant market dislocation; 
• 
heighten counterparty risk; and 
• 
affect adversely the management of market risk and, in particular, asset and liability management 
due, in part, to redenomination of financial assets and liabilities. 
Market risks, including interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk and bond price risk are risks to the 
Group's business 
Market risk is the potential adverse change in the Group's earnings or the value of its net assets arising 
principally from movements in, or volatility of, interest rates, bond prices, exchange rates and other market 
prices. The most significant market risk for the Group is interest rate risk in the euro market.  Changes in 
interest rate or bond price levels in this or other related markets may adversely impact the value of assets, 
the cost of liabilities or the margins received by the Group. The terms of existing customer/client loan assets 
or facilities may mean that the Group is restricted in its ability to increase interest rates charged to customers 
in response to changes in interest rates that affect the Group’s costs of funding.

--- Page 27 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Foreign currency exchange risk is the volatility in earnings resulting from the conversion of and 
retranslation of foreign currency (e.g. Sterling and US dollar) denominated assets and liabilities at different 
exchange rates. It arises due to the fact that the Group has the ability to conduct business in a range of 
currencies other than Euro, principally Sterling and U.S. dollars. The Group has a low level of assets and 
liabilities subject to foreign exchange risk currently comprising of retail and corporate deposits and loans.  
There may be difficulties in enforcing, or delays in enforcing security against defaulting borrowers 
The Group must comply with the Central Bank's Code of Conduct on Mortgage Arrears 2013 (the 
"CCMA") before enforcing security over a principal private dwelling house against defaulting borrowers 
in Ireland. The CCMA provides that, subject to certain exceptions, residential mortgage lenders (such as 
the Group) must wait eight months before taking legal action to repossess a principal private dwelling 
house in respect of mortgage loans in arrears so long as the customer is cooperating with the Group. In 
addition, the Group has agreed to support the Irish Banking Federation statement of intent issued on 10 
November 2009. This statement of intent provides that where a customer who is facing repayment 
difficulties in respect of their principal private residence enters into a mutually acceptable arrangement 
with his lender which is implemented, and reviewed on a periodic basis, the lender will not initiate any 
form of legal action against that borrower in respect of that debt. 
In addition to the CCMA and the Consumer Protection Code, the ability of the Group to enforce security 
against certain defaulting borrowers in Ireland may also be delayed by virtue of the Central Bank 
(Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48) (Lending to Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) 
Regulation 2015, as amended, (the "SME Regulations") which apply to a regulated financial service provider 
(such as the Group) when providing certain credit products to SMEs operating within Ireland. The protections 
set out in the SME Regulations differ depending on whether the credit is provided to a micro and small 
enterprise or to a medium-sized enterprise.  
Under the SME Regulations, a micro and small enterprise is an enterprise which employs fewer than 50 
persons and which has an annual turnover and annual balance sheet total which does not exceed €10 million. 
A medium-sized enterprise is an enterprise that is not a micro and small enterprise and which has fewer 
than 250 employees, an annual turnover not exceeding €50 million and an annual balance sheet not 
exceeding €43 million. 
To the extent that the Group engages in lending to SMEs, it will have to comply with the SME Regulations, 
which includes provisions relating to the arrangements which are to be made with a defaulting borrower 
prior to enforcing security against defaulting borrowers. 
In addition to compliance with the codes referred to above and the SME Regulations, the ultimate 
enforcement of security against defaulting borrowers by way of legal process can be a lengthy process, 
with enforcement taking up to six years in some instances. Delays in, or a restriction on, the Group's 
ability to enforce certain security against defaulting borrowers may adversely affect the Group's 
business. 
Legislative developments may lead to further difficulties in enforcing, or delays in enforcing security 
against certain defaulting borrowers. The Land and Conveyancing Law Reform (Amendment) Act 2019 
("LCLRA") which came into force on 1 August 2019 provides further protections for home owners in 
residential mortgage difficulties. Courts must take into account a range of factors set out in the LCLRA 
when considering whether or not to grant an order for possession in respect of a borrower's PDH and may 
take these factors into account when considering whether to make any other order it considers appropriate 
in the circumstances. While many of the now statutory-imposed considerations are ones a court already had 
taken into account when hearing possession applications, the LCLRA reinforces the special status of a PDH 
in residential mortgage arrears proceedings in Ireland and the Government’s policy objective that 
repossession of a defaulting borrower’s PDH should be an action of last resort. In enforcement proceedings 
affecting a PDH, lenders must now be prepared to demonstrate reasonable conduct towards seeking a 
sustainable solution with the borrower. As a result, the Group may face certain additional restrictions on its 
ability to collect or enforce mortgages that are in arrears. This could result in significant delays in the 
Group’s recoveries in respect of its mortgage portfolio and increased impairments.  
Legislation has also been introduced with regard to certain loans sold to third parties under the Consumer 
Protection (Regulation of Credit Servicing Firms) Act 2018, which regulates third party loan acquirers and 
may give rise to further implications for future loan sales undertaken by the Group.

--- Page 28 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Changes in accounting policies or in industry accounting standards could materially affect how the 
Group reports its financial condition and results of operations 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board and/or the European Union change the 
international financial reporting standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, as 
adopted by the European Commission for use in the European Union ("IFRS"), that govern the preparation 
of the Group's financial statements.  These changes can be difficult to predict and could materially impact 
how the Group's records and reports its financial condition and results of operations.  In some cases, the 
Group could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in restating prior period 
financial statements.  Changes to IFRS or interpretations thereof may cause its future reported results of 
operations and financial position to differ from current expectations, or historical results to differ from those 
previously reported due to the adoption of accounting standards on a retrospective basis. Such changes may 
also affect the Group's regulatory capital ratios by requiring the recognition of additional provisions for loss 
on certain assets.  
The Group is subject to anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, anti-corruption and 
sanctions regulations and, if it fails to comply with these regulations, it may face administrative sanctions, 
criminal penalties and/or reputational damage 
The Group is subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing money laundering, anti-corruption and 
the financing of terrorism. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering ("AML"), countering the 
financing of terrorism ("CFT") and anti-corruption and sanctions rules can put a significant financial 
burden on banks and other financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities. In recent 
years, enforcement of these laws and regulations against financial institutions has become more intrusive, 
resulting in several landmark fines against financial institutions. In addition, the Group cannot predict the 
nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which it might be subject or the way existing 
laws might be administered or interpreted. 
The 5th EU Anti-Money Laundering Directive ("MLD5"), was enacted into Irish Legislation in March 
2021, with the main updates relating to beneficial ownership registers, increased scrutiny of high-risk 
countries and the regulation of virtual currencies. Following the enactment of this legislation, the CBI 
published revised AML/CFT Guidelines for the Financial Sector (the "Guidelines") in June 2021, replacing 
the previous guidelines published in September 2019. The revised guidelines provide additional details in 
relation to de-risking and the completion of AML/CFT business risk assessments, and also provide more 
detail with respect to key mandatory AML/CFT roles and responsibilities within Financial Institutions.   
In July 2021, the European Commission announced a package of legislative proposals designed to 
strengthen the EU's framework of AML/CFT rules. The proposals aim to facilitate effective and consistent 
cross-border application and implementation of EU AML / CFT rules and introduce a new more stringent 
enforcement framework in the EU. The package also includes a proposal for the creation of a new EU 
authority to fight money laundering.  
This pattern of ongoing amendments to the AML/CFT regulatory landscape is likely to continue. The Group 
will need to continue to monitor and reflect these changes in its own policies, procedure and practices, and 
to update its framework to take account of the risk-based approach and the specific manner in which these 
requirements are transposed into national law, together with any related industry guidance from regulators 
in each jurisdiction. 
There has also been a significant increase in the use of sanctions as a tool to manage ongoing geo-political 
crises. Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine for example, the sanctions regime across the globe has 
been subject to significant changes in order to target Russian interests and increase economic pressure on 
the Russian government. The scale and complexity of these new sanctions is unprecedented as the EU, UK 
and US sanctions regimes continue to adopt new and more extensive prohibitions and restrictions in 
response to continued Russian aggression in Ukraine. The breadth of these sanctions extend across a 
number of industry sectors including the oil & gas, aviation and telecommunications sectors and a number 
of Russian/Belarusian Banks have been excluded from the SWIFT system and are subject to asset freezes. 
These developments persist into 2023 and given the scale, nature and complexity of these sanctions and the 
extent to which the targets of these are integrated into the wider global economy, there remains a risk that 
the Group could find itself transacting with customers who could become subject to such sanctions and 
potentially face the consequence of regulatory sanctions as a result of this.

--- Page 29 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
In June 2018, the Criminal Justice (Corruption Offences) Act, 2018 (as amended) was enacted in Ireland, 
which updated and consolidated a range of previous Irish legislation on bribery and corruption. The Group 
has designed and implemented anti-bribery and corruption policies and procedures, which are proportionate 
and reasonable with regard to the particular bribery and corruption risks faced by the Group in conducting 
business. 
Although the Group has policies and procedures that are designed to comply with applicable AML/CFT, 
anti-bribery and corruption and sanctions rules and regulations, it cannot guarantee that such policies and 
procedures completely prevent situations of money laundering, terrorist financing, breaches of sanctions or 
corruption, including actions by the Group's employees, agents, third party suppliers or other related 
persons for which the Group might be held responsible. Whilst measures have been implemented to mitigate 
against these risks internally within the Group, any such events may have severe consequences, including 
litigation, sanctions, fines and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
RISKS RELATED TO REGULATION, SUPERVISION AND TAXATION 
The Group must comply with a wide range of laws and regulations and a change in law could lead to 
increased risks 
As a financial services firm, the Group is subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation. The Group is 
exposed to many forms of risk in connection with compliance with such laws and regulations, including, 
but not limited to: 
• 
breaching general organisational requirements, such as the requirement to have robust governance 
arrangements, effective processes to identify, manage, monitor and report the risks the Group is or 
might be exposed to, and internal control mechanisms, including sound administrative and 
accounting procedures and effective control and safeguard arrangements for information 
processing systems; 
• 
the possibility of mis-selling of financial products or the mishandling of complaints related to the 
sale of such products by or attributed to an employee of the Group; 
• 
breaching laws and requirements relating to the safeguarding of customer data, the detection and 
prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption and other financial 
crime; and 
• 
non-compliance with legislation relating to unfair or required contractual terms or disclosures. 
Any breach or non-compliance with the wide range of laws and regulations may result in adverse 
consequences for the Group, including: 
• 
substantial monetary damages or fines, other penalties and injunctive relief, the amounts of which 
are difficult to predict and may exceed the amount of provisions set aside to cover such risks; 
• 
regulatory investigations, reviews, proceedings and enforcement actions; 
• 
being required to amend sales processes, product and service terms and disclosures, withdraw 
products or provide redress or compensation to affected customers; 
• 
the Group either not being able to enforce contractual terms as intended or having contractual terms 
enforced against the Group in an adverse way; 
• 
civil or private litigation (brought by individuals or groups of individuals/claimants) in Ireland, the 
UK or other jurisdictions (which may arise out of regulatory investigations and enforcement 
actions); 
• 
criminal enforcement proceedings; and 
• 
regulatory restrictions on the Group's business,

--- Page 30 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
any or all of which could result in the Group incurring significant costs, may require provisions to be 
recorded in the Group's financial statements, could adversely impact future revenues from affected products 
and services and could have a negative effect on the Group's reputation and the confidence of customers in 
the Group, as well as taking a significant amount of the Directors' and management's time and resources 
away from the implementation of the Group's strategy. Regulatory restrictions could also require additional 
capital and/or liquidity to be held.  Any of these risks, should they materialise, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition to the 
consequences above, any failure to comply with the wide range of laws and regulations could result in the 
Group's regulators taking administrative actions or imposing sanctions against the Group, as well as 
potentially cancelling or restricting the Group's regulatory authorisations altogether, thereby preventing it 
from carrying on its business. 
Furthermore, any future changes in law, regulation, fiscal or other policies are unpredictable and beyond 
the Group's control and could limit new lending, cause the Group to raise further capital, increase the 
Group's expense and/or otherwise materially adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
A change in Irish Government policy could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
Irish Government policy in respect of the banking sector, including its recapitalisation and structure, has 
and will continue to have a major impact on the Group. The Irish Government can implement policies 
by utilising its powers under existing legislation, the introduction of new or amended legislation or, in 
the case of the Group, the exercise of the Irish Government's shareholder and other rights. Public policy 
on the banking market in general and mortgage product pricing in particular has been receiving increased 
attention. The Central Bank has, under the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 
48)(1) (Housing Loan Requirements) Regulations 2022, imposed restrictions on Irish residential mortgage 
lending by lenders which are regulated by the Central Bank. The restrictions impose limits on residential 
mortgage lending by reference to loan-to-value and loan-to-income ceilings. The current policies of 
government may not be continued and the introduction of new policies or the amendment of existing 
policies could have a significant impact on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity and prospects. 
Capital and liquidity requirements will continue to have an effect on the Group's business 
From 1 January 2014, the Group has been regulated under CRD IV, as implemented in Ireland. CRD IV's 
main impact has been to set higher capital and liquidity requirements. On 23 November 2016, the European 
Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further strengthen the resilience of EU banks 
(the "EU Banking Reforms") which amended many of the existing provisions set forth in CRD IV and the 
BRRD (as defined below) and came into force over a two year period from June 2019. The changes in the 
approved text include setting higher capital and additional loss absorbing capacity requirements, increasing 
the powers of the relevant competent authorities and incorporating the regulatory definition of trading 
activity, standardised and advanced risk weighted assets calculation methodologies for market risk and new 
standardized risk weighted assets rules for counterparty credit risk. These changes also include phase-in 
arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 and the ongoing interaction of IFRS 9 with the 
regulatory framework, including changes to relevant accounting standards, which came into force on 1 
January 2018 and which resulted in changes to the methodologies which the Group is required to adopt for 
the valuation of financial instruments.  
CRR2 (as defined below) came into effect in June 2021. The CRR2 amendments include a minimum 3 per 
cent leverage ratio requirement and a revision to the large exposure limit which is now capped at a 
maximum of 25 per cent. of a bank's Tier 1 Capital rather than eligible own funds. The amendments are in 
addition to those changes introduced in April 2020 as part of the CRR quick fix which brought forward 
certain CRR2 changes in light of the challenges posed to the banking sector by the COVID-19 crisis. The 
key measures in the CRR quick fix include the use of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital to partially meet 
Pillar 2 Requirements (as defined below), an extension of the IFRS9 transitional arrangements, the 
introduction of a prudential filter on sovereign bonds held at fair value, the acceleration of CRR2 
amendments to exempt certain software assets from capital deduction and revisions to the SME supporting 
factor. 
The Group is also subject to leverage ratio requirements. The leverage ratio is calculated as the institution's 
Tier 1 capital divided by total on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures in assets and liabilities. 
Reporting of the current leverage ratio to the relevant authorities commenced in 2014. The EU Banking

--- Page 31 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Reforms include the introduction of a binding 3 per cent. minimum leverage ratio for any type of credit 
institution effective June 2021, although COVID-19 related reliefs delayed the full application of these 
requirements to March 2022. 
Legislative and regulatory uncertainty could affect Noteholders' ability to accurately value the Notes and, 
therefore, affect the trading price of the Notes given the extent and impact that one or more regulatory or 
legislative changes could have on the Notes. 
A market perception or an actual shortage of capital issued by the Group could result in regulatory actions, 
including requiring the Group to issue additional Common Equity Tier 1 securities, requiring the Group to 
retain earnings or prohibit dividends or the imposition of sanctions or trigger a conversion or write-down 
of additional tier 1 ("AT1") securities. These factors may affect the Group's capacity to continue its business 
operations, generate a return on capital, or pursue acquisitions or other strategic opportunities, impacting 
future growth potential. The Group is subject to regular reviews of its internal capital adequacy assessment 
process ("ICAAP") through the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"). Following the 
outcome of the latest SREP report there remains a restriction imposed on PTSB from paying dividends to 
PTSB Holdings. SREP requirements are reviewed on an annual basis. There are no entities within the Group 
other than PTSB subject to minimum capital requirements. 
Furthermore, the Group may be required to hold higher levels of capital than currently required, either as a 
result of new rules or regulations (e.g. the pending re-introduction of the countercyclical capital buffer 
("CCyB")), or as a consequence of other regulatory revisions including the potential application of an other 
systemically important institution ("OSII") buffer following completion of the Group's acquisition of 
certain elements of the Ulster Bank Retail, SME and Asset Finance business in the Republic of Ireland (the 
"Transaction") and significant balance sheet growth and in such circumstances, this could adversely 
impact the Group's operational flexibility, reduce earnings and/or restrict earnings growth. 
The Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision in relation to the levels of capital in its 
business. The minimum regulatory capital requirements, as well as the manner in which existing 
regulatory capital is calculated, could change in the future 
The global financial crisis and the Irish banking crisis has resulted in increasing banking regulation both 
internationally and in Ireland with a strong focus on capital adequacy rules. If the Group fails to meet its 
minimum regulatory capital requirements, it may result in administrative actions or sanctions against it or 
supervisory measures or resolution. Effective management of the Group's capital is critical to its ability to 
operate and grow its business and to pursue its strategy. Any change that limits the Group's ability to 
effectively manage its balance sheet and capital resources (including, for example, reductions in profits and 
retained earnings as a result of credit losses, write-downs or otherwise, increases in risk-weighted assets, 
delays in the disposal of certain assets or the inability to raise capital or funding through funding markets 
as a result of market conditions or otherwise) could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with capital adequacy and recovery 
and resolution framework requirements and regulatory action in the event of a failure of the relevant 
Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU) as subsequently amended by 
Directive 2019/879/EU ("BRRD") has been implemented in Ireland pursuant to the European Union (Bank 
Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2015, as amended. This framework and related legislation enhances 
both the resilience and the resolvability of institutions, which will be better prepared to deal with, and 
recover from, a crisis situation. Moreover, in the event that an institution does fail, the impact associated 
with that failure should be minimised. 
The BRRD is designed to provide relevant authorities with a set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in a failing or likely to fail institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy 
and financial system. The Group, similar to other financial institutions, may incur substantial costs in 
monitoring and complying with these new requirements.

--- Page 32 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a 
range of actions in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing.  The exercise 
of any of these actions in relation to an Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes. 
The BRRD authorises the national resolution authorities designated by Member States of the European 
Union ("national resolution authorities") to apply the resolution tools and exercise the resolution powers 
set forth in the BRRD. The Central Bank is designated as the national resolution authority for Ireland. The 
BRRD resolution powers include a statutory "write-down and conversion power" (the "Write-Down Tool") 
with respect to capital instruments (which could include the Tier 2 Capital Notes) and a "bail-in power", 
which will give the national resolution authority the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount 
of, and accrued interest on, certain other eligible liabilities (which could include the Notes), whether 
unsubordinated or subordinated, of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt 
claims (which could include the Notes) into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving 
group entity, if any, which may itself be written down. The bail-in power can be used to recapitalise an 
institution that is failing or likely to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the resolution process, 
thereby restoring its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. The Write-Down Tool can be used 
either together with, or also, independently of, a resolution action.  
In December 2017, the EU Member States adopted the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive ("BCHD"), 
which amended the BRRD to introduce greater harmonisation of the creditor hierarchy amongst EU 
Member States. This was necessary in order to achieve effective absorption of losses by institutions entering 
resolution within the resolution framework, in particular, through the introduction of new creditor classes 
and contractual rankings for certain debt instruments. The BCHD was transposed into Irish law via the 
European Union (Bank Recovery and Resolution) Regulations 2019 (S.I. 127 of 2019). 
In addition to the loss absorption requirements, the BRRD provides national resolution authorities with 
broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed banks, which may include 
(without limitation): (i) directing the sale of the bank or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that 
would otherwise apply, (ii) transferring all or part of the business of the bank to a "bridge institution" (a 
publicly controlled entity) which may limit the capacity of the bank to meet its repayment obligations, (iii) 
transferring the impaired or problem assets to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed 
and worked out over time, (iv) replacing or substituting the bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
(v) modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or (vi) discontinuing the listing and 
admission to trading of financial instruments. 
Noteholders should assume that, in a resolution situation, financial public support will only be available to 
a relevant entity as a last resort after the national resolution authorities have assessed and used, to the 
maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool (described above). 
The exercise of any resolution power, including the sale or transfer of all or part of the Group's business or 
any exercise of the bail-in tool in respect of an Issuer and the Notes, or any suggestion of any such exercise, 
could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the 
Notes and/or the ability of such Issuer to satisfy its repayment and other obligations under the Notes and 
could lead to Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment in such Notes. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
The BRRD is complemented by the directly binding regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the "SRM"). The 
primary scope of the SRM is within the euro area. The Single Resolution Fund will be financed by bank 
levies raised at a national level. The SRM establishes a single European resolution board (the "SRB") 
having resolution powers over the significant institutions that are subject to the SRM, thus replacing or 
exceeding the powers of the national resolution authorities for those significant institutions. The Issuers are 
designated as less significant institutions and as such the Central Bank is designated as the resolution 
authority directly responsible for the Issuers. The Central Bank or the SRB (the "relevant resolution 
authorities") may apply the resolution tools and exercise the resolution powers set forth in the BRRD or 
the specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM similar to those under the BRRD in respect of the 
Issuers. The SRB will only do so in exceptional cases, where necessary, to ensure the consistent application

--- Page 33 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
of high resolution standards, upon the request of the Central Bank or on its own initiative. The relevant 
resolution authority is required to draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the entities subject to its powers, 
including the Issuers. It will also determine, after consultation with national resolution authorities, a 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities subject to write-down and conversion powers 
which the Issuers will be required to meet at all times. The relevant resolution authority will also use the 
powers of early intervention as set forth in the SRM, including the power to require an institution to contact 
potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of the institution. The resolution tools available to 
the relevant resolution authority include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset 
separation tool and the bail-in tool, each as further specified in the SRM. The use of one or more of these 
tools will be included in a resolution scheme to be adopted by the relevant resolution authority.  
Pursuant to the SRM, the bail-in tool may be applied to recapitalise an institution to restore its ability to 
comply with the licensing conditions and to sustain market confidence in the institution or to convert claims 
or debts to equity or reduce their principal amount. The bail-in tool covers bonds and notes issued by the 
institution subject to resolution measures, but certain defined instruments are excluded from the scope, such 
as covered bonds.  
The provisions relating to resolution plans and cooperation between the SRB and the national resolution 
authorities have been applied as of 1 January 2015. The resolution powers of the SRB took effect from 1 
January 2016. 
Risks relating to BRRD and the SRM 
The Notes may be part of the claims and debts in respect of which the relevant resolution authorities could 
use the bail-in powers under the SRM or the BRRD to write-down or convert the principal of the Notes. 
There can be no assurances that the taking of any such actions would not adversely affect the price or value 
of an investment in the Notes, subject to the provisions of the BRRD or the SRM and/or the ability of the 
relevant Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. The Issuers cannot predict the precise effects of 
the bail-in power and the write-down and conversion power and the likelihood of their future use in relation 
to the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences 
of the SRM and the BRRD. 
Any write down or conversion of amounts in accordance with the Write-Down Tool will not constitute an 
event of default under the terms of the relevant instruments.  Consequently, any amounts so written down 
will be irrevocably lost and the holders of such instruments will cease to have any claims thereunder, 
regardless of whether or not the credit institution's financial position is restored.  Pursuant to the SRM and 
the BRRD, the relevant resolution authorities must ensure when applying the resolution tools, that creditors 
do not incur greater losses than they would have incurred if the credit institution had been wound down 
under normal insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, the Group's regulator may require the Group to make 
changes to the legal structures and/or business model of the Group pursuant to its implementation of 
requirements under the SRM, the BRRD or other applicable law or regulation. 
Where the relevant conditions for intervention under the BRRD or the SRM and the use of the bail-in tool 
have been met, the relevant resolution authority would be expected to exercise these powers without the 
consent of the Noteholders. 
The exercise of any resolution power, including the bail-in powers in relation to the relevant Issuer or any 
suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or 
value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer to satisfy its obligations under 
the Notes and could lead to Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment in such Notes. 
In addition, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the 'no creditor 
worse off' safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it 
is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the 
resolution and there can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover such compensation promptly. 
As covered deposits are excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool and other preferred deposits (and 
covered deposits) rank ahead of any Notes issued by PTSB, such Notes would be more likely to be bailed-
in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of PTSB (such as other preferred deposits) 
The BRRD contemplates the establishment of a statutory preference in the insolvency hierarchy (i) firstly, 
for deposits that are covered under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme ("covered deposits") to rank with 
existing preferred claims as 'ordinary' preferred claims and (ii) secondly, for certain other deposits of

--- Page 34 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
individuals and micro, small and medium sized enterprises held in EEA or non-EEA branches of an EEA 
bank ("other preferred deposits"), to rank as 'secondary' preferred claims only after the 'ordinary' preferred 
claims. In addition, Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 
on deposit guarantee schemes which was implemented into Irish law by the European Union (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes) Regulations 2015 (S.I. No. 516 of 2015) on 20 November 2015, increased the nature 
and quantum of covered deposits under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme to include a wide range of deposits, 
including corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a public sector authority or financial institution) and 
some temporary high value deposits. The effect of these changes is generally to increase the size of the 
class of preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits will rank in the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all 
other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuers, including the Noteholders. Furthermore, covered deposits 
will be excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool. As a result, the Notes issued by the Issuers would be 
more likely to be bailed-in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuers such as other preferred 
deposits. 
Mandatory write-down and conversion of capital instruments may affect the Tier 2 Capital Notes, which 
may result in Noteholders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes 
The BRRD includes a requirement for the relevant authority to permanently write-down, or convert into 
equity, Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments (such as the Tier 2 Capital Notes) at the 
point of non-viability of the relevant entity and before any stabilisation power is exercised (except in the 
case of an exercise of the bail-in power to include other liabilities, when such instruments would be written 
down or converted into equity pursuant to the exercise of the bail-in power, as described above, rather than 
the mandatory write-down and conversion power).  
For the purposes of the application of such mandatory write-down and conversion power, the point of non-
viability is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the relevant entity will no longer be 
viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or the relevant entity requires 
extraordinary public support without which, the relevant authority determines that, the relevant entity would 
no longer be viable. 
Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on application of 
such powers (without requiring such Noteholders' consent), which may result in such Noteholders losing 
some or all of their investment. The 'no creditor worse off' safeguard may not necessarily apply in relation 
to an application of such powers. The exercise of such mandatory write-down and conversion power or any 
suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Holders of Tier 2 
Capital Notes, the price or value of their investment in the Tier 2 Capital Notes and/or the ability of the 
relevant Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, the BRRD requires that all 
institutions must meet an individual legally binding MREL requirement set by the relevant resolution 
authorities. The target is calculated as own funds and eligible liabilities as a percentage of total risk exposure 
amount and as a percentage of total exposure measure. Items eligible for inclusion in MREL will include 
an institution's own funds along with 'eligible liabilities'.  
The MREL requirements are determined on a case by case basis taking into account (i) resolvability; (ii) 
capital adequacy; (iii) sufficiency of eligible liabilities; (iv) participation in a deposit guarantee scheme; (v) 
business risks (business model, funding, risk profile); and (vi) systemic risk (interconnectedness). The 
Group's MREL requirements are set by the Central Bank, in consultation with the ECB and the SRB. The 
calculation of MREL should consider the need, in case of any application of the bail-in tool, to ensure that 
the institution has sufficient own funds and eligible liabilities to absorb an adequate amount of losses and 
to recapitalise by an amount sufficient to restore its own funds position to a level sufficient to maintain its 
capital requirements for authorisation and sustain market confidence. 
The Central Bank formally communicated a binding 1 January 2022 intermediate MREL requirement of 
21.98 per cent. (excluding Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5 per cent.) of total risk exposure amount 
("TREA") and 5.91 per cent. of total exposure measure ("TEM") and a final 1 January 2024 MREL 
requirement of 24.65 per cent. (excluding Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5 per cent.) TREA and 5.91 per 
cent. TEM to be met by PTSB Group on a consolidated basis. The intermediate MREL requirement remains 
binding until superseded by the 1 January 2024 MREL requirement.

--- Page 35 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
The MREL requirements imposed on the Group will require the Group to raise additional funds in order to 
meet its obligations. The cost of such funding could be higher than that which the Group might otherwise 
have incurred in circumstances where it was not subject to the relevant MREL requirements. The MREL 
requirements could have an impact on the Group's operations, structure, costs and/or capital/funding 
requirements. 
In addition, the Conditions stipulate that the relevant resolution authority may determine that all or part of 
the nominal amount of the Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written 
down, reduced, cancelled or converted (in whole or in part) into shares or other instruments of ownership 
or that the terms of the Notes must be varied or that the Notes must otherwise be applied to absorb losses 
or give effect to resolution tools or powers, all as prescribed by, and in accordance with, the Irish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers (as defined in Condition 23). See Condition 23 (Statutory Loss Absorption) for 
more details.  
Supervision by the ECB 
Banking activities in Ireland are regulated and supervised by the ECB under the European Union (Single 
Supervisory Mechanism) Regulations 2014 (the "SSM Regulation"), the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942-
2018 (the "Central Bank Acts") and related legislation, and in respect of matters falling outside the scope 
of the SSM Regulation, by the Central Bank under the Central Bank Acts and related legislation. Under the 
SSM Regulation, the ECB is responsible for all core banking supervisory responsibilities which 
includes authorisations, capital adequacy, large exposures, liquidity and qualifying holdings and has the 
power to impose fines for breach of any related requirements. The Group as an OSII was initially directly 
supervised by the ECB through the Joint ECB/CBI Supervisory Team but as the Group had not met OSII 
criteria for three consecutive years, a decision was taken to categorise the Group as a less significant institution 
("LSI") effective 1 January 2019. The Group then became subject to the direct supervision of the CBI as the 
National Competent Authority. The ECB is responsible for the oversight of the supervision of less significant 
banks performed by national supervisors and therefore PTSB will continue to be within the remit of the SSM.  
Under the SSM, the Central Bank remains responsible in Ireland for all areas of supervision not allocated to 
the ECB under the SSM Regulation, including conduct of business rules and the protection of customer 
interests. In addition, there is a possibility that the Group may be re-categorised as an OSII as the balance 
sheet grows following the Transaction. Any future Europe-wide stress tests carried out by or on behalf of 
the ECB may have adverse implications for the Group to the extent that it does not meet the thresholds 
required in any such tests, or to the extent that it passes by only a marginal amount. Such adverse results 
would require the Group to raise additional capital and/or otherwise adversely affect the Group's reputation, 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of changes in tax legislation and its interpretation and to increases in 
the rate of corporate tax and other tax matters 
The Group's activities are principally conducted in Ireland and it is therefore subject to a range of Irish taxes 
at various rates. Future actions by the Irish Government to increase tax rates or to impose additional taxes 
could reduce the Group's profitability. The Irish government gave approval in October 2021 for Ireland to 
sign up to the political agreement at the OECD Inclusive Framework on BEPS. In December 2022 EU 
Member States reached agreement on the EU Commission’s draft directive to implement the Inclusive 
Framework model rules. Pillar Two of the agreement is intended to result in an increase in the minimum 
effective tax rate of certain taxpayers to 15 per cent., its potential impact on the Group is uncertain in the 
absence of legislation. The Irish government is expected to enact legislation to give effect to the directive by 
the end of 2023. 
Revisions to tax legislation or to its interpretation might affect the Group's financial condition in the future. 
In addition, the Group is subject to periodic tax audits which could result in additional tax assessments 
relating to past periods of up to five years being made. Any such assessments could be material which might 
also affect the Group's financial condition in the future. 
In accordance with applicable accounting rules, the Group has recognised deferred tax assets on losses 
available to relieve future profits to the extent that it is probable that such losses will be utilised. These 
deferred tax assets are deducted from the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1"), in accordance with 
Article 478(2) of the Capital Requirements Regulation. The assets are quantified on the basis of current 
tax legislation and are subject to change in respect of the tax rate or the rules for computing taxable 
profits and allowable losses. A failure to generate sufficient future taxable profits or changes in tax 
legislation may reduce significantly the recoverable amount of the deferred tax assets currently recognised

--- Page 36 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
in the financial statements with a resultant negative impact on the Group's regulatory capital and capital 
ratios. 
The Irish Government, through the Minister for Finance, may exert a very significant level of influence 
over the Group 
The Irish Government (through the Minister for Finance) is the largest holder of ordinary shares in PTSB 
Holdings, holding approximately 62 per cent. of such shares. Through the Irish Government's shareholding 
in the Group and the Minister for Finance's relationships with the Group, the Minister for Finance is in a 
position to exert significant influence over, and to intervene in the conduct and management of, the Group 
and its business.  
Furthermore, even though the level of Irish Government ownership has been reduced, the Irish 
Government is still a significant Shareholder and it could use such shareholding (potentially in 
combination with the shareholdings of other investors), in addition to its other contractual rights and 
under legislation, to exert a high level of influence over the Group's business, operations, governance 
and/or its capital structure. The Irish Government (through the Minister for Finance) could exercise its 
voting rights in a manner which is not aligned with the interests of the Group or its other shareholders 
or Noteholders. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that the relevant Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Ireland or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, or if the relevant Issuer is or would not be entitled to claim a 
deduction in computing its taxable profits and losses in respect of interest payable on the Notes, or if 
such a deduction is or would be reduced or deferred, such Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions (subject to the Supervisory Authority's prior consent (if such consent 
is so required) and the compliance with certain regulatory conditions in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes 
and subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Supervisory Authority and/or relevant resolution 
authority (if such consent is so required) in the case of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings or Tier 
2 Capital Notes that have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital). 
Furthermore, the relevant Issuer may be entitled to redeem Tier 2 Capital Notes if a change in certain 
regulatory capital requirements occurs, subject to the Supervisory Authority's prior consent (if such 
consent is so required) and the compliance with certain regulatory conditions and PTSB Holdings may 
be entitled to redeem its Senior Notes, and the relevant Issuer may be entitled to redeem its Tier 2 
Capital Notes, on or after the MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date, if an MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Supervisory Authority 
and/or relevant resolution authority (if such consent is so required). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the consent of the Supervisory Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority is required to be obtained by the relevant Issuer in connection with the redemption 
of outstanding Notes in the circumstances described above. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Notes are redeemable at the relevant Issuer's option in certain other circumstances (including where the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes originally issued) or at any time (subject to certain conditions mentioned above in 
the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes and Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings), the relevant Issuer may 
be expected to choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively 
low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes being redeemed

--- Page 37 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when 
the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes (or any period when there is an actual or perceived 
risk that the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes), the market value of the Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior 
to any redemption period. 
Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes and Holders of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings will have limited 
remedies 
Payment of principal and accrued but unpaid interest on the Tier 2 Capital Notes or Senior Notes issued 
by PTSB Holdings may only be accelerated in the event of the occurrence of a Winding-up Event (as 
defined in the Conditions) in respect of the relevant Issuer. There is no right of acceleration in the case 
of non-payment of principal or interest on such Notes or of the relevant Issuer's failure to perform any 
of its obligations under or in respect of such Notes. 
The sole remedy against the relevant Issuer available for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any 
non-payment of any amount that has become due and payable under such Notes is, subject to certain 
conditions and to the provisions set forth in Condition 14 (Events of Default), for the Trustee to institute 
proceedings in Ireland (or such other jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer may be organised) (but 
not elsewhere) for the winding-up of such Issuer and/or prove in the winding-up of such Issuer and/or 
claim in such Issuer's liquidation. 
Although the Trustee may institute such proceedings against the relevant Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce a Performance Obligation (as defined in the Conditions), the Trustee (acting on behalf of the 
Noteholders but not the Trustee acting in its personal capacity under the Trust Deed) and the 
Noteholders shall not enforce, and shall not be entitled to enforce or otherwise claim, against the 
relevant Issuer any judgment or other award given in such proceedings that requires the payment of 
money by the relevant Issuer, whether by way of damages or otherwise (a "Monetary Judgment"), 
except by proving such Monetary Judgment in a winding-up of the relevant Issuer. 
Tier 2 Capital Notes are subordinated to most of the relevant Issuer's liabilities 
Tier 2 Capital Notes will constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the 
relevant Issuer. On a winding-up of the relevant Issuer, all claims in respect of the Notes will, subject 
to applicable law (including Article 48(7) of BRRD as implemented in Ireland), rank junior to the claims 
of all Senior Creditors (as defined in the Conditions) of the relevant Issuer. If, on a winding-up of the 
relevant Issuer, the assets of the relevant Issuer are insufficient to enable the relevant Issuer to repay 
the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, the holders of the Tier 2 Capital Notes will lose their 
entire investment in the Tier 2 Capital Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the relevant Issuer 
to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in 
respect of its obligations in respect of the Tier 2 Capital Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu 
with the Tier 2 Capital Notes, holders of the Tier 2 Capital Notes will lose some (which may be 
substantially all) of their investment in the Tier 2 Capital Notes. 
Although Tier 2 Capital Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a substantial risk that investors in the Tier 2 Capital Notes will lose all or some of the value of 
their investment should the relevant Issuer become insolvent. 
Any disqualified Tier 2 Capital Notes would be likely to rank above qualifying Tier 2 Capital Notes 
under the Irish Companies Act 2014 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD has been implemented in Ireland under a new subsection 1A of Section 
1428A of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended), which requires that claims resulting from an 
instrument the whole or part of which is recognised as an own funds item shall rank lower than any 
claim that does not result from such an instrument. This could, in certain circumstances, affect the 
ranking of certain Notes. In particular, Tier 2 Capital Notes issued under the Programme are intended 
to qualify as Tier 2 Capital. The ranking of any Tier 2 Capital Notes which are issued and which cease 
in full to be eligible to qualify for inclusion in the own funds of the relevant Issuer or the Group would 
likely be adjusted under this new subsection, such that they rank ahead of other Tier 2 Capital Notes

--- Page 38 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
the whole or part of which continue to qualify as own funds of the relevant Issuer or the Group. In such 
case, in a winding-up of the relevant Issuer, the claims of the Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes issued by 
it which qualify (in whole or in part) as own funds of that Issuer or the Group may be subordinated to 
claims of Holders of its Tier 2 Capital Notes (if any) which do not so qualify, and accordingly any 
recovery of amounts in respect of such qualifying Tier 2 Capital Notes in a winding-up or resolution of 
the relevant Issuer may be adversely affected. 
Certain Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Holder consent 
Subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation), 
if an MREL Disqualification Event, a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event (as applicable) occurs the 
relevant Issuer may, at its option, and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders which may 
otherwise be required under the Conditions of the Notes, have the right either (i) to substitute all (but 
not some only) of the Notes or (ii) to vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes, in each 
case so that they become or remain Qualifying Notes (as defined in the Conditions). While Qualifying 
Notes generally must contain terms that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original 
terms of the Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed by 
the market as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the 
prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have 
regard to the tax position of individual holders of the Notes or to the tax consequences of any such 
substitution or variation for individual holders of Notes. No holder of Notes shall be entitled to claim, 
whether from the Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer, or any other person, any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution or variation upon individual holders 
of Notes. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the consent of the Supervisory Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority is required to be obtained by the relevant Issuer in connection with the substitution 
or variation of any Notes in the circumstances described above. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under certain Notes 
In relation to Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings and to Tier 2 Capital Notes, the relevant Issuer's 
obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes under 
the terms of such Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to 
payments of principal (including any premium payable on a redemption of Notes). As such, the relevant 
Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of such Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under such Notes (including any premium payable 
on a redemption of Notes), the relevant Noteholders would receive less than the full amount due under such 
Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
No limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities which an Issuer may issue, nor on the amount of any 
other obligations it may assume, which rank senior to, or pari passu with any Tier 2 Capital Notes of 
an Issuer. The issue of any such securities and/or the assumption of any such other obligations may 
reduce the amount recoverable by holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes on a winding-up of the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 39 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Waiver of set-off 
The Holders of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings and of the Tier 2 Capital Notes waive any right of 
set-off in relation to such Notes. Therefore, a Holder will not be entitled to set off the relevant Issuer's 
obligations to such Holder under such Notes against obligations owed by such Holder to the relevant Issuer. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as 
the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will 
be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each 
such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest"). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for 
any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
PTSB Holdings is a holding company 
The Notes issued by PTSB Holdings are the obligation of PTSB Holdings only. PTSB Holdings is a 
holding company and conducts substantially all of its operations through its subsidiaries, and 
accordingly the claims of the Noteholders under the Notes issued by PTSB Holdings will be structurally 
subordinated to the creditors of the PTSB Holdings' subsidiaries. PTSB Holdings plans to fund interest 
payments under the Notes issued by it using cash received from certain Group companies through intra-
Group liquidity arrangements. PTSB Holdings' subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities, and 
have no obligation to pay any amounts due or to provide PTSB Holdings with funds to meet any of 
PTSB Holdings' payment obligations under the Notes. PTSB Holdings' rights to participate in the assets 
of any subsidiary if such subsidiary is liquidated will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's 
creditors and any preference shareholders, except in the limited circumstance where PTSB Holdings is 
a creditor of such subsidiary with claims that are recognised to be ranked ahead of or pari passu with 
such claims. Accordingly, if one of PTSB Holdings' subsidiaries were to be wound up, liquidated or 
dissolved, (i) the holders of Notes issued by PTSB Holdings would have no right to proceed against the 
assets of such subsidiary, and (ii) PTSB Holdings would only recover any amounts (directly, or 
indirectly through its holdings of other subsidiaries) in the liquidation of that subsidiary in respect of 
its direct or indirect holding of ordinary shares in such subsidiary, if and to the extent that any surplus 
assets remain following payment in full of the claims of the creditors and preference shareholders (if 
any) of that subsidiary. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on either (i) Irish law or (ii) English law as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Further, in respect of English Law Notes, the Conditions in respect of subordination, waiver of 
set-off and statutory loss absorption will be governed by Irish law. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Irish law, as the case may be, or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any affected Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Such changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the 
Notes, which may have an adverse effect on an investment in the Notes. Such legislative and regulatory 
uncertainty could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, therefore, affect the 
trading price of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory or 
legislative changes, including those described above, could have on the Notes. 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change 
and scrutiny which may adversely affect the Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk 
management strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such 
regulatory changes, may have an adverse impact on the Group's, and therefore the relevant Issuer's, 
performance and financial condition. It is not yet possible to predict the detail of such legislation or 
regulatory rulemaking or the ultimate consequences to the Group or the Holders, which could be 
material to the rights of Holders of the Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under such Notes.  
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The 
Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for 
reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement), or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate 
Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities 
(including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions), as 
applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a 
Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate

--- Page 41 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, 
although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes 
may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if 
the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Reset Period or Interest Period (as the case may be) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Reset Period or Interest Period (as the case may be) being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes based on 
the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders and without 
regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the Conditions which, in each case, in the 
opinion of the Trustee is not materially prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders or, in the case of a 
modification, in the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a 
manifest error (except that the provisions relating to the Tier 2 Capital Notes shall only be capable of 
modification, waiver or substitution if such modification, waiver or substitution is in accordance with 
all other rules and requirements of the Supervisory Authority applicable from time to time); or (ii) 
determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such; or (iii) the substitution of any wholly-owned 
Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer, in 
the circumstances described in Condition 18(c) (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; 
Substitution). 
Further, pursuant to Condition 7(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement), certain 
changes may be made to the Conditions of any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark 
if a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 7(h)) occurs without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders. Please refer to Risk Factor "Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and 
other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited history". 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to the 
Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 42 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and 
€STR as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuers may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA or €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by them under 
this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a 
risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA or €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates whereas 
such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured 
and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free 
rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes

--- Page 43 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 14 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, €STR or any related index 
The Bank of England or the European Central Bank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA or 
€STR may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or 
indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or €STR, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA, €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-
free rate. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no 
active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, the liquidity of any market in the Notes cannot be assured by the 
Issuers; a holder of the Notes' ability to sell their Notes or the prices at which they would be able to sell 
their Notes. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single 
investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering 
price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the relevant Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes 
will be subject to disruptions. Any such disruption may have a negative effect on holders of either series 
of the Notes, regardless of the relevant Issuer's prospects and financial performance. As a result, there 
is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading market 
develops, holders of the Notes may not be able to resell their holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at 
all. 
Although application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin there can be no assurance that such application will 
be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market 
will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market 
for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the Issuers or the Notes. The 
rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA

--- Page 44 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  Similarly, 
in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
There can be no assurance that ratings assigned to the Issuers will remain for any given period of time or 
that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, 
circumstances in the future so warrant. In the event that ratings assigned to the Issuers are subsequently 
lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Notes, and the market value and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. In addition, the Issuers' credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Notes 
issued under the Programme. Real or anticipated changes in the Issuers' credit ratings generally will also 
affect the market value of the Notes.   
Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of 
companies and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by 
the agencies 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Notes' financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market 
value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, holders of the Notes may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
holders of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication 
with the relevant Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more 
Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants.   
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the relevant Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A 
holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The relevant Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.   
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, as the case may 
be. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE TRANSACTION 
Please refer to the Class 1 Circular as incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for risk factors 
relating to the Transaction (as defined below).

--- Page 46 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
The 2022 Annual Report of PTSB Holdings and the 2021 Annual Report of PTSB Holdings, 
including the audited consolidated and company financial statements (including the auditors' report 
thereon and notes thereto) of PTSB Holdings in respect of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 (set out on pages 148 to 268 and 152 to 262, respectively, of the 2022 Annual 
Report of PTSB Holdings and the 2021 Annual Report of PTSB Holdings) (together, the "PTSB 
Holdings Financial Statements"). The PTSB Holdings Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the 
European Union and as applied in accordance with the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 
(as amended).  
2022 Annual Report of PTSB Holdings:  
https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/sites/tsb/files/2023-03/ptsbgh_annualreport_2022_HTML.html 
2021 Annual Report of PTSB Holdings:  
https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/sites/tsb/files/result-pdf/annual/ptsbgh-annual-report-
2021.pdf 
2. 
The 2021 Annual Report of PTSB and the 2020 Annual Report of PTSB, including the audited 
consolidated and company financial statements (including the auditor's report thereon and notes 
thereto) of PTSB in respect of the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (set out 
on pages 141 to 279 and 127 to 268, respectively, of the 2021 Annual Report of PTSB and the 
2020 Annual Report of PTSB) (together, the "PTSB Financial Statements"). The PTSB Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and as 
applied in accordance with the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014.  
2021 Annual Report of PTSB:  
https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/sites/tsb/files/result-pdf/annual/ptsb-plc-annual-report-final-
2021.pdf   
2020 Annual Report of PTSB:  
https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/sites/tsb/files/Documents/2020-PTSB-annual-report.pdf  
3. 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 42 to 85 of the base prospectus dated 13 June 2022 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2022 
Conditions") and found at the following link: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202206/11c863f6-
3d18-4343-9863-c66506976716.pdf   
4. 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 42 to 82 of the base prospectus dated 2 October 2020 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 
Conditions") and found at the following link: 
https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/sites/tsb/files/unsecured/permanent-tsb-group-holdings-plc-
e15bn-euro-note-programme-2nd-october-2020.pdf   
5. 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 41 to 81 of the base prospectus dated 6 September 2019 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 
Conditions") and found at the following link: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_60ba779b-b00f-416b-a290-
ed00a7a16dff.pdf 
6. 
The sections set out below from the Class 1 Circular of PTSB Holdings dated 24 May 2022 (the 
"Class 1 Circular") in respect of the Transaction:

--- Page 47 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
Part III - Risk Factors 
- Section A: paragraphs 5, 7, 8, 10 and 11  
- Section B: paragraphs 1 to 14 
 
Pages 27 to 28 
Pages 29 to 33 
Part VII - Definitions 
 
Pages 121 to 134 
Class 1 Circular: 
https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/sites/tsb/files/AGM-documents/2022/egm-circular.pdf  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus has been filed with both the 
Central Bank and Euronext Dublin. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and 
approved by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of each Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes 
and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuers. In relation to the different types of Notes 
which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuers have included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms.   
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 49 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer form (the 
"Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which 
is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear as operator of the Euroclear System and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. Each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for 
the use of EU securities settlement systems in ECB credit operations" of the central banking system for the 
euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also 
announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA 
D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 
days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.   
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership,

--- Page 50 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. The Permanent Global Note will then be 
exchangeable for definitive Notes ("Definitive Notes") in the manner set out in "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" below. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 
40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent 
within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If the Specified Denomination of the Notes stated in the relevant Final Terms includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000]", the Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the 
Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of 
the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in the relevant Final Terms includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]".

--- Page 51 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect:   
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code."

--- Page 52 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Permanent TSB Group Holdings p.l.c. ("PTSB Holdings") and permanent tsb p.l.c. 
("PTSB" and, together with PTSB Holdings, the "Issuers", and each an "Issuer") have established 
a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to 
€15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). In these conditions, unless 
specified otherwise, references to the "Issuer" are to PTSB Holdings or PTSB, as the case may be, 
as the Issuer of the Notes under the Programme and references to the "relevant Issuer" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Final Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions").  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Trust Deed:  The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a trust deed dated 
31 March 2023 as amended and restated from time to time (the "Trust Deed") between the Issuers 
and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee (the "Trustee", which expression 
includes all persons for the time being trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust Deed). 
(d) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 31 
March 2023 as amended and restated from time to time (the "Agency Agreement") between the 
Issuers, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", 
which expression includes any successor principal paying agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal 
Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the Trustee.  In these 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and any reference to an "Agent" 
is to any one of them. 
(e) 
The Notes:  The Notes will be issued in bearer form.  All subsequent references in these Conditions 
to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant 
Final Terms are available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered office of 
the Issuer, being 56-59 St. Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
(f) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions.  Noteholders (as defined below) 
and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed 
and the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below or 
may be provided by email to a Noteholder following its prior written request to the relevant Agent, 
in each case upon provision of proof of holding of Notes and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
relevant Agent). 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 53 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:  
(a)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable); or    
(c)  
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(d)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate; 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of Ireland, the Supervisory Authority, 
the relevant resolution authority and/or of the European Parliament or of the Council of the 
European Union then in effect in Ireland and applicable to the Issuers and/or the Group, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Supervisory 
Authority and/or the relevant resolution authority from time to time (whether or not such 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuers or to the Group). 
''Benchmark Duration'' means the duration specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 54 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
"Broken Amount" means, in respect of any Notes, the amount (if any) that is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 
20 May as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, and as may be further amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on access 
to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 as 
regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, and as may be 
further amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and as may be further amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 56 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 57 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"English Law Note" means any Note where "English Law Note" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed;  
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount of the Notes) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the first Subsequent Reset Date or, if a Subsequent Reset Date is not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 
6(d) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin (with 
such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration to a basis 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the First Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)); 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Fixed Rate Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear 
on a fixed date or dates in each year and on redemption or on such other dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Floating Rate Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate payable at 
intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other intervals as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Holder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Notes);

--- Page 58 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
"IFA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and an Independent Adviser as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own expense; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the First Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, in relation to Floating Rate Notes, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant 
redemption date); 
"Irish Law Note" means any Note where "Irish Law Note" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and 
updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc; 
"ISDA Definitions" means either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Benchmark Duration during the relevant

--- Page 59 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency, such day count basis as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to 
the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency, such day count basis as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro 
or the Reference Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case as amended from time 
to time pursuant to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement); 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6(d) 
(Fallbacks), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Reset Determination Time, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the determination by the relevant Issuer at any time 
following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, that all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes of the Series does not fully qualify as MREL Eligible 
Instruments, except where such non-qualification (i) was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series or (ii) is solely due to the remaining maturity of 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series; 
"MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date" means (i) in the case of Senior Notes issued by 
PTSB Holdings, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Capital 
Notes, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
"MREL Eligible Instruments" means an instrument that complies with the MREL Requirements; 
"MREL Requirements" means the total loss absorbing capacity requirements and/or minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to the Issuers and/or the Group under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations;

--- Page 60 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
"Noteholder", has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event)" means, in respect of any Note, 
its principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means, in respect of any Tier 2 Capital 
Note, its principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"PTSB Holdings Group" means PTSB Holdings and each entity which is part of the Irish 
prudential consolidation group (as that term, or its successor, is used in the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements) of which PTSB Holdings is part from time to time;

--- Page 61 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualifying Notes" means, in the case of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings, any securities 
issued directly by PTSB Holdings that: 
(a) 
save to the extent required to ensure the effectiveness and/or enforceability of Condition 
23 (Statutory Loss Absorption), have terms not materially less favourable to a Holder of 
the Notes than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably determined by PTSB Holdings), 
provided that PTSB Holdings shall have delivered a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) to that effect to the Trustee; 
(b) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for MREL Eligible 
Instruments as embodied in the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
(c) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(d) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(e) 
have the same date of maturity, the same redemption rights and obligations (including the 
obligations arising from the exercise of any right) and the same dates for payment of 
interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(f) 
have at least the same ranking as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(g) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to an MREL 
Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption right for tax reasons according to 
Condition 10(c); 
(h) 
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest and any other 
amounts payable under the Notes which, in each case, has accrued to the Holders and has 
not been paid; and 
(i) 
are listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or such other 
Regulated Market as selected by PTSB Holdings and approved by the Trustee, if the Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
             or, in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes, any securities issued directly by the relevant Issuer 
that: 
(a) 
save to the extent required to ensure the effectiveness and/or enforceability of Condition 
23 (Statutory Loss Absorption), have terms not materially less favourable to a Holder of 
the Notes than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the relevant Issuer), 
provided that the relevant Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) to that effect to the Trustee; 
(b) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for Tier 2 Capital as 
embodied in the Regulatory Capital Requirements; 
(c) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(d) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(e) 
have the same date of maturity, the same redemption rights and obligations (including the 
obligations arising from the exercise of any right) and the same dates for payment of 
interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation;

--- Page 62 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(f) 
have at least the same ranking as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(g) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to an MREL 
Disqualification Event, a Regulatory Event and/or an early redemption right for tax 
reasons according to Condition 10(c); 
(h) 
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest and any other 
amounts payable under the Notes which, in each case, has accrued to the Holders and has 
not been paid; and 
(i) 
are listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or such other 
Regulated Market as selected by the relevant Issuer and approved by the Trustee, if the 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates (expressed 
as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of 
Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call), or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, means four major banks 
selected by the relevant Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes the Reset Reference Rate for which is a Mid-Swap Rate, means 
four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the relevant Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute;  
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the 
relevant Reference Date, the IFA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date (in the case of a redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) 
and with respect to any Reset Determination Date (in the case of the calculation of interest in 
respect of a Reset Period), (i) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such date of redemption or Reset Determination Date (as applicable), after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if 
fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation 
is received or if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest and any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date or Reset Period (as applicable), 
the rate per annum equal to the annual, or semi-annual, yield to maturity, as applicable, or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond (in the case 
of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer)) or the Reset Reference Bond (in the case of the calculation of interest in respect of 
a Reset Period), assuming a price for the Reference Bond or Reset Reference Bond (as applicable) 
(expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Reference Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable);

--- Page 63 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
"Reference Date" means the date which is two business days prior to the despatch of the notice of 
redemption under Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or such other date as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Independent Adviser, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable), 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the relevant Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as 
applicable), of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount): 
(a) 
which appears on the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page as at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date (in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer)); or 
(b) 
to the extent that, in the case of (a) above, either such bid and offered prices do not appear 
on that page, fewer than two such Reference Government Bond Dealer bid and offered 
prices appear on that page, or if the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page is unavailable, 
then as quoted in writing to the relevant Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) 
by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; or 
(c) 
as at the Reset Determination Time and quoted in writing to the Issuer or its appointee by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer (in the case of the calculation of interest in 
respect of a Reset Period); 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA or €STR, in each case for the relevant currency and 
for the relevant period as specified in the relevant Final Terms as amended from time to time 
pursuant to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement); 
"Regulated Market" means a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended; 
"Regulatory Capital Requirements" means any requirements contained in the regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies of the Supervisory Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and Council or of the European Commission (including, for the avoidance of doubt,  CRD IV and 
CRR), then in effect in Ireland relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the relevant Issuer 
and/or the PTSB Holdings Group;  
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the First Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period;

--- Page 64 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
"Regulatory Preconditions" means, in relation to any redemption of Tier 2 Capital Notes, to the 
extent required by prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer having replaced such Tier 2 Capital Notes with own funds instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; 
or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Supervisory Authority 
that the own funds and the eligible liabilities of the relevant Issuer would, following such 
redemption, exceed the requirements applicable to the Issuer under CRR, CRD IV and 
BRRD by a margin that the Supervisory Authority considers necessary at such time; or 
(c) 
if, at the time of such redemption, the prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements permit 
the redemption after compliance with an alternative pre-condition to either of those set out 
in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, or require compliance with an additional pre-
condition, the relevant Issuer having complied with such other pre-condition; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Make Whole Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular 
information service, including, without limitation, Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant Make 
Whole Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying comparable relevant bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond; and 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(b)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the relevant Issuer (being, as at the Issue Date, 
the Central Bank of Ireland). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular information service, 
including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note (which, in the case of a 
Note for which a Par Redemption Date is specified in the Final Terms, shall be deemed to end on 
such Par Redemption Date) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note

--- Page 65 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
on the Reference Date from (and including) the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the 
relevant Issuer; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect 
of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the first Subsequent Reset 
Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to 
the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Determination Time" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such 
other time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note which bears interest at a rate of interest which is recalculated at 
specified intervals; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means, for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued 
by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer or its designee as having the 
nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the 
opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the Independent Adviser) would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to 
the relevant Reset Period;  
"Reset Reference Rate" means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the Reference Bond Rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the relevant Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other 
unsubordinated creditors of such relevant Issuer; or (ii) who are subordinated creditors of such 
Issuer (whether in the event of winding-up of such Issuer or otherwise) other than those whose 
claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with or junior to the claims 
of the Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes and relevant Couponholders; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 6(d) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the 
relevant Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the 
Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Subsequent Reset Period (such calculation to be made 
by the Calculation Agent));

--- Page 66 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
"Subsidiary" means a subsidiary within the meaning of section 7 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 
(as amended); 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Supervisory Authority" means the Central Bank of Ireland and/or any successor or replacement 
thereto or such other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the relevant Issuer and/or the PTSB Holdings Group for the purposes of CRD IV 
and CRR; 
"Supervisory Permission" means such approval, consent or non-objection from, or notification 
required within prescribed periods to, the Supervisory Authority, or such waiver of the then 
prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements from the Supervisory Authority, as is required under 
the then prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system (known as TARGET or T2) which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007, or any successor or replacement for that system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means Tier 2 Capital (or any successor term) for the purposes of the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Winding-up Event" means: 
(a) 
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the relevant 
Issuer (except, in any such case, a solvent winding-up solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation, the terms of which reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved in writing by the Trustee 
or an Extraordinary Resolution and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable in accordance with these Conditions); or 
(b) 
liquidation or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or any procedure similar to that described 
in paragraph (a) of this definition is commenced in respect of the relevant Issuer; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 67 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed;  
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference 
to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or 
supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Denomination:  Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
(b) 
Title to Notes:  Title to Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Notes, "Holder" 
means the holder of such Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be construed 
accordingly.  
(c) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. In the case 
of English Law Notes, no person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status  
The Notes are either Senior Notes ("Senior Notes") or Tier 2 Capital Notes ("Tier 2 Capital 
Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, general, 
unconditional, unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
(b) 
Tier 2 Capital Notes  
The Tier 2 Capital Notes (and the Coupons relating thereto, if any) constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. In the event of the winding up of the relevant Issuer, the claims of 
the Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders but not the rights and claims of the Trustee in its personal 
capacity under the Trust Deed), the Holders of Tier 2 Capital Notes and any related Coupons 
against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Notes and Coupons (including any damages or other 
amounts (if payable)) shall, subject to applicable law (including Article 48(7) of BRRD as 
implemented in Ireland) (i) be subordinated in the manner provided in the Trust Deed to the claims 
of all Senior Creditors; (ii) rank at least pari passu with the claims of all other subordinated 
creditors of the relevant Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to 
rank, pari passu with the Tier 2 Capital Notes; and (iii) rank senior to the relevant Issuer's ordinary 
shares, preference shares and any junior subordinated obligations or other securities of the relevant 
Issuer which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Tier 2 Capital Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
Nothing in this Condition 4 (Status) shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, charges, 
expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or the rights and remedies of the Trustee in 
respect thereof. 
(c) 
No set-off 
This Condition 4(c) applies to (i) Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings; and (ii) Tier 2 Capital 
Notes issued by PTSB Holdings or by PTSB. 
Unless the relevant Notes provide otherwise, claims in respect of any such Notes or related 
Coupons may not be set off, or be the subject of a counterclaim, by the Holder against or in respect 
of any of its obligations to the relevant Issuer, the Trustee or any other person and every Holder 
waives, and shall be treated for all purposes as if it had waived, any right that it might otherwise 
have to set-off, or to raise by way of counterclaim any of its claims in respect of any such Notes or 
related Coupons, against or in respect of any of its obligations to the relevant Issuer, the Trustee or 
any other person. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Holder receives or recovers any 
sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any such Note or related Coupon by virtue of any such 
set-off or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the relevant Issuer and shall pay the 
amount thereof to the relevant Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the relevant Issuer, to 
the liquidator of the relevant Issuer. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 69 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the first Subsequent Reset 
Date or, if a Subsequent Reset Date is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date subject as provided in Condition 12 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Reset Note 
Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount: The Rate of Interest applicable for each Reset Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined on each Reset Determination Date. The Interest Amount 
payable on the Notes shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts 
of interest in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) and, for such purposes, references in 
Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be deemed to be to "Reset 
Notes" and Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (other than in the circumstances 
provided for in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement)) and the Issuer has specified in the 
relevant Final Terms that the Reference Bond Rate is applicable as the fallback to the Mid-Swap 
Rate, the Reset Reference Rate shall be the Reference Bond Rate calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with these Conditions. Alternatively, if on any Reset Determination Date the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page and (i) the Reference Bond Rate has not been specified as the fallback to the Mid-
Swap Rate, or (ii) if the Reference Bond Rate has been specified as the fallback to the Mid-Swap 
Rate, only one or no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received for the purpose of 
calculating the Reference Bond Price applicable to the Reset Reference Bond, the Issuer or its 
appointee shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer or its appointee with its 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Reset Determination Time. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or its appointee with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards) and to be 
determined by the Issuer or its appointee and provided to the Calculation Agent) of the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
or its appointee with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in 
the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial 
Rate of Interest. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(d) shall not apply where the Reset Reference Rate 
specified in the Final Terms is the Reference Bond Rate. 
(e) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the relevant Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
the Trustee and the competent authority and/or stock exchange by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing and/or trading as soon as possible after such determination but (in the case of

--- Page 70 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
each Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period.  Notice thereof shall also be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as possible after the determination or calculation thereof.   
(f) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, communications, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders. No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed against the 
Calculation Agent, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or any of them in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions hereunder, including without 
limitation in respect of any notification, opinion, determination, certificate, calculation, quotation 
or decision given, expressed or made for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions). 
(g) 
Determination or calculation by the Trustee: If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any 
reason determine the Rate of Interest or any other item required to be determined or calculated by 
it under the relevant Final Terms, the Trustee may appoint an agent to do so at the expense of the 
relevant Issuer, and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. In doing so, such agent appointed by the Trustee shall apply the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) and, where applicable, the relevant Final 
Terms, with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do 
so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all 
the circumstances (subject always to this Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions)). 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
(both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due 
in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or €STR): 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being a reference rate other than SONIA or €STR, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and

--- Page 71 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer or its appointee determines appropriate; 
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (C) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer or its appointee will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations and provide such 
arithmetic mean to the Calculation Agent; and 
(E) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Issuer or its 
appointee will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Issuer or its appointee) quoted by major 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and 
selected by the Issuer or its appointee, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or its appointee (as applicable) are unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding 
Interest Period. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination (Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) 
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the relevant 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(c)(ii)(A): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be

--- Page 72 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
D
𝑑
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 73 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms, or if no 
such period is specified five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(C) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement), be:  
(1) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under 
(1) above. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of Condition 7(c)(ii), 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period

--- Page 74 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination (Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR) 
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being €STR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
€STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the relevant Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(c)(iii)(A): 
"Compounded Daily €STR", with respect to an Interest Period, will be the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
€STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] ×
D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
The "€STR Reference Rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of 
€STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by 
it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, 
or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such 
rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR Reference Rate for:

--- Page 75 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms, or if no 
such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement Days. 
(C) 
Subject to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of 
Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(c)(iii) above, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR Reference Rate 
is required to be determined, such €STR Reference Rate is not made available on 
the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then the €STR Reference Rate in respect of such 
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR Reference Rate for the first 
preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR Reference Rate 
was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of Condition 7(c)(iii), 
the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes

--- Page 76 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(d) 
ISDA Determination:  If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate  that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of 
Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer or its appointee 
determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback 
is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and

--- Page 77 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, 
(a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition 
of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".  
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(v) 
References in the ISDA Definitions to numbers, financial centres or other items specified 
in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial 
centres or other items specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 78 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement: 
(i) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7, but subject, in  the case of 
SONIA linked Notes to the operation of Condition 7(c)(ii) or €STR linked Notes to the 
operation of Conditions 7(c)(iii) (as the case may be), if the relevant Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or a Reference Rate (as applicable), then the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(A) 
the relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser for the determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate 
or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the relevant Issuer agree that 
there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the "Alternative Benchmark 
Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the "Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page") and (in either case) an Adjustment Spread no later than 
three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period 
(as applicable) (the "Interest Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset 
Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7(h)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 7(h) and 
the Trustee will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which 
may arise as a result thereof; 
(B) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser 
and the relevant Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Mid-

--- Page 79 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified 
Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the relevant Issuer agree that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the relevant Issuer 
acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(C) 
if the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the 
Independent Adviser and the relevant Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (B) above, then the relevant Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates 
of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) 
rate is most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate (as applicable), and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be 
the rate so determined by the relevant Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (C) applies and 
the relevant Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread prior to the 
Interest Determination Cut-Off Date in accordance with this sub-paragraph (C), 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to such 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) shall be equal to the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) for a term 
equivalent to the Relevant Interest Period or Reset Period published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Reset Period or Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the relevant Margin relating to the 
relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the margin relating to that last 
preceding Reset Period or Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period, and any subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 7(h); 
(D) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes 
for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(h)); 
(E) 
the relevant Issuer, in agreement with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, shall determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining the Adjustment Spread, and such Adjustment Spread shall be applied 
to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(F) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser 
(with the relevant Issuer's agreement) or the relevant Issuer (as the case may be),

--- Page 80 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
may also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Quotation 
Time, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method 
for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset 
Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7(h)) (such changes, the "Benchmark Amendments"); 
(G) 
the relevant Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and 
Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-
paragraph (F) above to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices); and 
(H) 
no later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of the Issuer: 
(1) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, 
(z) the relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(h); and 
(2) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, and Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry 
and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
Subject to receipt by the Trustee of this certificate, the Trustee shall, at the 
direction and expense of the relevant Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Trust Deed (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), the Agency Agreement and these 
Terms and Conditions as the relevant Issuer certifies are required to give effect to 
this Condition 7(h) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means: 
(aa) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) has ceased to be published, as a result of such benchmark ceasing to 
be calculated or administered; or 
(bb) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that it has ceased, or will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease, publishing such Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate); or 
(cc) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been or will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or

--- Page 81 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
(dd)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that 
means that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate will, 
by a specified date within the following six months, be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(ee) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate is or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(ff) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable including as the same has been implemented under the domestic law 
of the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(h), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (each as applicable) or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 7(h), if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A)  
in the case of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings, MREL Eligible Instruments of such 
Issuer and/or the Group; or  
(B) 
in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the PTSB Holdings 
Group, 
or, in the case of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings only, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date or Reset Date as the effective maturity 
of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity of such Issuer and/or the Group. 
(i) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to 
any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Determination or calculation by the Trustee: If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any 
reason determine the Rate of Interest or calculate the Interest Amount or any other item required 
to be determined or calculated by it under the relevant Final Terms, the Trustee may appoint an 
agent to do so, at the expense of the relevant Issuer and such determination or calculation shall be 
deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, such agent appointed by the 
Trustee shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) 
and, where applicable, the relevant Final Terms, with any necessary consequential amendments, 
to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner 
as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances (subject always to Condition 7 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions)). 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 82 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions and the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Fixed/Floating Rate: The relevant Issuer may issue Notes (i) that the relevant Issuer may elect to 
convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate Note to a Floating Rate 
Note, or from a Floating Rate Note to a Fixed Rate Note or (ii) that will automatically change from 
a Fixed Rate Note to a Floating Rate Note, or from a Floating Rate Note to a Fixed Rate Note on 
the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: Subject to Condition 10(m) (Restrictions on Early 
Redemption) below, if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the relevant Issuer giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the 
relevant Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at either: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), together with accrued but unpaid interest up to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call); or 
(ii) 
if "Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount , 
save as provided below, calculated by the relevant Issuer or by an Independent Adviser 
equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to 
be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of 
the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an 
annual basis at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin (the "Make Whole 
Redemption Amount"), together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). Such amount shall be notified by the 
relevant Issuer to the Noteholders and the Agents not less than three Business Days prior 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call).  If the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
falls on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Make Whole Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the nominal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of determining the Make Whole Amount, shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful

--- Page 83 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
default or bad faith) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Agent, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: Subject to Condition 10(m) (Restrictions on Early Redemption) below, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part (x) at any 
time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or (y) on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer provides not less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' prior notice to 
the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes (such notice being irrevocable) specifying the 
date fixed for such redemption; and 
(ii) 
immediately before giving such notice, the relevant Issuer satisfies the Trustee that, as a 
result of any change in or amendment to the laws or regulations of the Republic of Ireland 
or any authority or political subdivision therein or thereof having power to tax, including 
any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of those laws or regulations (including a holding by a court or tribunal of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and, in the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes only, 
which the relevant Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Supervisory Authority is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Tier 2 Capital Notes: 
(A) 
the relevant Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 13 (Taxation); or  
(B) 
the relevant Issuer is or would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing 
its taxable profits and losses in respect of interest payable on the Notes, or such a 
deduction is or would be reduced or deferred,  
and in the case of each of (A) and (B), (each a "Tax Event") such consequences cannot 
be avoided by the relevant Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided, 
further, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than (1) where the Notes 
may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the relevant 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or is unable to make such 
deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or (2) where the Notes may 
be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the relevant Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts or is unable to make such deduction if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
If the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the relevant Issuer stating that the conditions 
precedent for redeeming the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10(c) (Redemption for tax 
reasons) have been met, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(c) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), the relevant Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 10(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
(d) 
Regulatory Event Redemption of Tier 2 Capital Notes:  
This Condition 10(d) applies only to Tier 2 Capital Notes.  
Subject to Condition 10(m) (Restrictions on Early Redemption) below, if there is a change (or a 
pending change which the Supervisory Authority considers to be sufficiently certain) in the 
regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Capital Notes under the Regulatory Capital Requirements 
that occurs on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Tier 2 Capital Notes (and which

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
the relevant Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Supervisory Authority was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Tier 2 Capital Notes) and that does, or 
would be likely to, result in the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Tier 2 Capital 
Notes wholly or partially being excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the PTSB Holdings Group (a 
"Regulatory Event"), the relevant Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Tier 2 Capital Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that the relevant 
Issuer provides not less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' prior notice to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Holders of the Tier 2 Capital Notes (such notice being irrevocable) 
specifying the date fixed for such redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d) (Regulatory 
Event Redemption of Tier 2 Capital Notes), the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the relevant 
Issuer stating that the conditions precedent for redeeming the Tier 2 Capital Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 10(d) (Regulatory Event Redemption of Tier 2 Capital Notes) have been met and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the relevant Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Tier 2 
Capital Notes accordingly. 
(e) 
Redemption as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event:  
This Condition 10(e) applies only to Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings or Tier 2 Capital Notes. 
Subject to Condition 10(m) (Restrictions on Early Redemption) below, upon the occurrence of an 
MREL Disqualification Event the Issuer may, on or after the MREL Disqualification Event 
Effective Date, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event), together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that the Issuer provides not less than 15 days' 
nor more than 30 days' prior notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Holders of 
such Notes (such notice being irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(e) (Redemption 
as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event), the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the relevant 
Issuer stating that the conditions precedent for redeeming the Senior Notes issued by PTSB 
Holdings or Tier 2 Capital Notes pursuant to this Condition 10(e) (Redemption as a result of an 
MREL Disqualification Event) have been met and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the 
certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in 
which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the relevant Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Senior 
Notes issued by PTSB Holdings or Tier 2 Capital Notes accordingly. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable to any Series of Senior Notes, the relevant Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  No Series of Tier 2 Capital 
Notes shall contain a Put Option. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. The Holder of a Note 
may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of an exercise by the 
Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under Conditions 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), 10(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), 10(g) (Issuer Residual Call) or 10(h) (Partial 
redemption) and any exercise of the first-mentioned option in such circumstances shall have no 
effect. 
(g) 
Issuer Residual Call:  If "Issuer Residual Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (but subject to Condition 10(m) (Restrictions on Early Redemption) below), and if, at 
any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at the Make 
Whole Redemption Amount at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer)), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or 
less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any 
further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 19 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as 
part of the same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the relevant Issuer may 
redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest 
Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall 
specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Residual Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(g) 
(Issuer Residual Call), the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes originally issued.  The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(h) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Principal Paying Agent approves and in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed.  If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(i) 
No other redemption:  The relevant Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to Condition 10(h) (Partial redemption) 
above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(j) 
(Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase:  The relevant Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise 
acquire any of the outstanding Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise, provided that 
all unmatured Coupons are purchased or acquired therewith. In the case of Senior Notes issued by 
PTSB Holdings or Tier 2 Capital Notes that have ceased to qualify (in whole but not in part) as 
Tier 2 Capital, any such purchases or acquisitions shall be in accordance with the Applicable 
MREL Regulations and subject to the permission of the Supervisory Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (if such permission is then required under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations). In the case of Tier 2 Capital Notes, any such purchases or acquisitions shall be in 
accordance with the Regulatory Capital Requirements applicable to the PTSB Holdings Group in 
force at the relevant time, and subject to Supervisory Permission and to applicable law and 
regulation. Any failure to grant permission by the Supervisory Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (as applicable) will not constitute an Event of Default (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) in relation to the Notes. 
(l) 
Cancellation:  All Notes which are redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 10 
(Redemption and Purchase) will be cancelled. All Notes purchased or acquired by or on behalf of 
the relevant Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
relevant Issuer or any such Subsidiary, cancelled. 
(m) 
Restrictions on Early Redemption: Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 10 
(Redemption and Purchase): 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer may redeem the Tier 2 Capital Notes (and give notice thereof to the 
Holders) only if it has (x) obtained the Supervisory Permission and (y) complied with the 
Regulatory Preconditions; and 
(ii) 
PTSB Holdings may redeem the Senior Notes, and the relevant Issuer may redeem Tier 2 
Capital Notes that have ceased to qualify (in whole but not in part) as Tier 2 capital, (and 
give notice thereof to the Holders) only if such redemption is permitted by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations and if it has been granted the permission of the Supervisory Authority 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if such permission is then required under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations).  
11. 
Substitution and Variation 
This Condition 11 applies only to Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings or Tier 2 Capital Notes. 
If an MREL Disqualification Event a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event (as applicable) occurs or to 
ensure the enforceability and effectiveness of Condition 23 (Statutory Loss Absorption), the Issuer 
may, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or modify the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, 
so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having 
given not less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 20 (such notice being 
irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such substitution or variation and subject to being granted 
the permission of the Supervisory Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if such 
permission is then required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements and Applicable MREL 
Regulations). 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
modification shall take effect and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms 
and conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Holders. 
Holders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed to 
accept the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes and to grant to PTSB Holdings full

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
power and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or 
on behalf of the Holders which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation 
of the terms of the Notes, as applicable.  
12. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred)  and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 12(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States in the manner described in Condition 12(a) (Principal) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 12(a) 
(Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons.  
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 12(f) 
(Unmatured Coupons void) is applicable, that the Reset Note Provisions are applicable or that the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(d) (Regulatory Event 
Redemption of Tier 2 Capital Notes), Condition 10(e) (Redemption as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition (g) 
(Issuer Residual Call) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by 
Condition 12(c) (Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims 
have already become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription).  Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of interest and principal in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Ireland or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law.  In that event, the relevant Issuer shall pay such additional amounts in 
respect of interest and (in respect of Senior Notes issued by PTSB only) principal as will result in 
receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been receivable by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
where the Holder is able to avoid such withholding or deduction by complying, or 
procuring that a third party complies with, any applicable statutory requirements or by 
making, or procuring that any third party makes, a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to any tax authority; or 
(iv) 
on account of any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the relevant Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than or in addition to the Republic of Ireland, references in these Conditions to the Republic 
of Ireland shall be construed as or as including (as the case may be) references to such other 
jurisdiction. 
14. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Senior Notes issued by PTSB:  The provisions of this Condition 14(a) (Senior Notes issued by 
PTSB) shall have effect in relation to any Series of Senior Notes issued by PTSB. 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee at its discretion may and, 
if so requested in writing by Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject, in all cases, 
to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) give 
written notice to PTSB declaring the Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they 
shall become immediately due and payable at their Early Termination Amount together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest without further action or formality: 
(i) 
Non-payment:  any principal or interest on such Notes has not been paid within 14 days 
from the due date for payment and such sum has not been duly paid within a further 14 
days following written notice from the Trustee to PTSB requiring the non-payment to be 
made good provided that PTSB shall not, however, be in default if during the 14 days after 
the Trustee's notice it satisfies the Trustee that such sums were not paid in order to comply 
with any law, regulation or order of any court of competent jurisdiction. Where there is 
doubt as to the validity or applicability of any such law, regulation or order, PTSB will 
not be in default if it acts on the advice given to it during such 14 day period by 
independent legal advisers acceptable to the Trustee;  
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations:  PTSB defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed and that breach has 
not been remedied within 60 days of receipt of a written notice from the Trustee requiring 
the same to be remedied;  
(iii) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against any material part of the property, assets or revenues of 
PTSB or any Principal Subsidiary in respect of a debt of more than €10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) and is not discharged or stayed within 60 days;  
(iv) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or 
future, created or assumed by PTSB or any Principal Subsidiary becomes enforceable and 
any step is taken to enforce it in respect of a debt of more than €10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) (including the taking of possession or the appointment of 
a receiver, manager or other similar person) and such step is not discharged or stayed 
within 30 days; 
(v) 
Insolvency: PTSB or any Principal Subsidiary is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) 
insolvent or is unable or deemed to be unable to pay its debts (within the meaning of 
section 570 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) or section 28 of the Central 
Bank Act 1971 of Ireland as amended by the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement)

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
Act 2013 of Ireland, as the same may be amended, modified or re-enacted), or admits in 
writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature; or 
(vi) 
Winding-up: a Winding-up Event occurs, 
provided that, in the case of paragraphs (ii) to (v) (inclusive) above, the Trustee may only declare 
the Notes to be due and payable if it shall have certified in writing to PTSB that, in its opinion, 
such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
"Limited Recourse Transaction" means a transaction entered into or to be entered into by PTSB 
Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries where the sole recourse, insofar as PTSB Holdings or any of its 
Subsidiaries is concerned, of the provider of funds is to an asset financed by those funds or to an 
SPC Subsidiary or to SPC Subsidiaries acquired, formed or used in connection with such 
transaction, such provider having no recourse to the general assets or undertaking of, as the case 
may be, PTSB Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries. A report by the Auditors (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) that in their opinion a transaction is or is not or was or was not a Limited Recourse 
Transaction shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of PTSB Holdings (other than an SPC Subsidiary) 
whose total assets represent 10 per cent. or more of the Total Assets of PTSB Holdings. A 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of PTSB Holdings, 
whether or not addressed to the Trustee, that a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any 
particular time or throughout any specified period an SPC Subsidiary or a Principal Subsidiary 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
"SPC Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of PTSB Holdings acquired or formed or used by PTSB 
Holdings or any Subsidiary of PTSB Holdings for the sole purpose of a Limited Recourse 
Transaction where, insofar as, as the case may be, PTSB Holdings or any other Subsidiary of PTSB 
Holdings is concerned the sole recourse of a provider of funds in relation to such Limited Recourse 
Transaction is to such first-mentioned Subsidiary or the assets of such first-mentioned Subsidiary 
or the shares in, or the securities, debentures, loan instruments, debts or other covenants of, such 
first mentioned Subsidiary and neither such provider of funds nor any other party will have any 
recourse to, as the case may be, PTSB Holdings or any of its other Subsidiaries or its other assets 
for the liabilities of such first-mentioned Subsidiary and "SPC Subsidiaries" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Total Assets" means the consolidated total assets of PTSB Holdings as shown by the latest 
audited consolidated balance sheet of PTSB Holdings. 
At any time at its discretion and without notice the Trustee may and, if so requested in writing by 
Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject in each case to the Trustee having been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), institute such proceedings or take 
such steps or actions as it may think fit against PTSB to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed 
and these Conditions. 
(b) 
Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings: The provisions of this Condition 14(b) (Senior Notes 
issued by PTSB Holdings) shall have effect in relation to any Series of Senior Notes issued by 
PTSB Holdings. 
(i) 
All Notes:  If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee at its 
discretion may and, if so requested in writing by Holders of at least one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject to the Trustee having been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), without further notice: 
(A) 
Non-payment: in the event that any principal or interest on such Notes has not 
been paid within 14 days from the due date for payment and such sum has not 
been duly paid within a further 14 days following written notice from the Trustee 
to PTSB Holdings requiring the non-payment to be made good, institute 
proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction in Ireland (or such other 
jurisdiction in which PTSB Holdings is organised) (but not elsewhere) for the

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
winding up of PTSB Holdings and/or prove in its winding-up and/or claim in its 
liquidation, provided that PTSB Holdings shall not be in default if during the 14 
days after the Trustee's notice it satisfies the Trustee that such sums were not paid 
in order to comply with any law, regulation or order of any court of competent 
jurisdiction. Where there is doubt as to the validity or applicability of any such 
law, regulation or order, PTSB Holdings will not be in default if it acts on the 
advice given to it during such 14 day period by independent legal advisers 
acceptable to the Trustee; or 
(B) 
Limited remedies for breach of other obligations (other than non-payment): 
institute such proceedings against PTSB Holdings as it may think fit to enforce 
any term, obligation or condition binding on PTSB Holdings under such Notes or 
Coupons or the terms of the Trust Deed relating thereto (other than any payment 
obligation of PTSB Holdings under or arising from such Notes or Coupons or the 
Trust Deed, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest) (a 
"Performance Obligation"); provided always that the Trustee (acting on behalf 
of the Holders but not the Trustee acting in its personal capacity under the Trust 
Deed) and the Holders shall not enforce, and shall not be entitled to enforce or 
otherwise claim against PTSB Holdings, any judgment or other award given in 
such proceedings that requires the payment of money by PTSB Holdings, whether 
by way of damages or otherwise (a "Monetary Judgment"), except by proving 
such Monetary Judgment in a winding-up of PTSB Holdings. 
Nothing in this Condition 14(b)(i) shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, 
charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or the rights and remedies of 
the Trustee in respect thereof. 
(ii) 
If a Winding-up Event occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may and, if so requested in 
writing by the Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, shall (subject to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction) declare such Notes to be due and repayable immediately (and 
such Notes shall thereby become so due and repayable) at the Early Termination Amount 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest as provided in the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Tier 2 Capital Notes: The provisions of this Condition 14(c) (Tier 2 Capital Notes) shall have effect 
in relation to any Series of Tier 2 Capital Notes. 
(i) 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee at its discretion 
may and, if so requested in writing by Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Tier 2 Capital Notes or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), without further notice: 
(A) 
Non-payment: in the event that any principal or interest on such Tier 2 Capital 
Notes has not been paid within 14 days from the due date for payment and such 
sum has not been duly paid within a further 14 days following written notice from 
the Trustee to the relevant Issuer requiring the non-payment to be made good, 
institute proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction in Ireland (or such other 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer is organised) (but not elsewhere) for the 
winding up of the relevant Issuer and/or prove in its winding-up and/or claim in 
its liquidation, provided that the relevant Issuer shall not be in default if during 
the 14 days after the Trustee's notice it satisfies the Trustee that such sums were 
not paid in order to comply with any law, regulation or order of any court of 
competent jurisdiction. Where there is doubt as to the validity or applicability of 
any such law, regulation or order, the relevant Issuer will not be in default if it 
acts on the advice given to it during such 14 day period by independent legal 
advisers acceptable to the Trustee; or 
(B) 
Limited remedies for breach of other obligations (other than non-payment): 
institute such proceedings against the relevant Issuer as it may think fit to enforce 
any term, obligation or condition binding on the relevant Issuer under such Tier

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
2 Capital Notes or Coupons or the terms of the Trust Deed relating thereto (other 
than any payment obligation of the relevant Issuer under or arising from the Tier 
2 Capital Notes or Coupons or the Trust Deed, including, without limitation, 
payment of any principal or interest) (a "Performance Obligation"); provided 
always that the Trustee (acting on behalf of the Holders but not the Trustee acting 
in its personal capacity under the Trust Deed) and the Holders shall not enforce, 
and shall not be entitled to enforce or otherwise claim against the relevant Issuer, 
any judgment or other award given in such proceedings that requires the payment 
of money by the relevant Issuer, whether by way of damages or otherwise (a 
"Monetary Judgment"), except by proving such Monetary Judgment in a 
winding-up of the relevant Issuer. 
Nothing in this Condition 14(c)(i) shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, 
charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or the rights and remedies of 
the Trustee in respect thereof. 
(ii) 
If a Winding-up Event occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may and, if so requested in 
writing by the Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Tier 2 Capital Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall 
(subject to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction) declare such Tier 2 Capital Notes to be due and repayable immediately (and 
such Tier 2 Capital Notes shall thereby become so due and repayable) at the Early 
Termination Amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest as provided in the Trust 
Deed and payments shall be subject to the subordination provisions set out in Condition 
4(b) (Tier 2 Capital Notes). 
(d) 
All Notes: The provisions of this Condition 14(d) shall have effect in relation to any Series of Notes.  
No Holder of any Notes and no holder of the Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto shall be entitled 
to institute any of the proceedings referred to in Conditions 14(a) (Senior Notes issued by PTSB), 
14(b) (Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings) or 14(c) (Tier 2 Capital Notes) above or to prove in 
the winding up of the relevant Issuer except that if the Trustee, having become bound to proceed 
against the relevant Issuer as aforesaid, fails to do so or, being able to prove in such winding up, 
fails to do so, in each case within a reasonable period, and in each such case such failure shall be 
continuing, then any such holder may itself institute such proceedings and/or prove in such winding 
up to the same extent (but not further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been entitled so to 
do in respect of its Notes and/or Coupons.  
In the case of Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings and Tier 2 Capital Notes, no remedy against 
the relevant Issuer other than the institution of the proceedings referred to in Condition 14(b) 
(Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings) or 14(c) (Tier 2 Capital Notes) above, as the case may be, 
or proving in the winding up of the relevant Issuer, shall be available to the Trustee or the Holders 
of such Notes or the Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto whether for the recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of such Notes or Coupons or under the Trust Deed in relation thereto or in respect 
of any breach by the relevant Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of such Notes 
or Coupons or under the Trust Deed in relation thereto. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of the Notes shall become void unless the relevant Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest in 
respect of the Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.   
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having 
its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Trustee and Agents 
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction and relieved from responsibility in certain circumstances and to be paid its costs 
and expenses in priority to the claims of the Noteholders.  In addition, the Trustee is entitled to 
enter into business transactions with the relevant Issuer and any entity relating to the relevant Issuer 
without accounting for any profit. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee 
and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Issuer reserves the right (with the 
prior written approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent 
and to appoint a successor principal paying agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional 
or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(i) 
the relevant Issuer shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent; and 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer shall at 
all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the relevant Issuer shall maintain 
a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions by Extraordinary Resolution, except that the provisions relating to 
the Tier 2 Capital Notes shall only be capable of modification in accordance with Condition 18(d) 
(Supervisory Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority notice or consent) below. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or by the Trustee and shall be convened 
by the relevant Issuer upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to 
vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing more 
than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, 
one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes 
held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting not less than, one-third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, 
whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Trustee may 
determine in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. in 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of a meeting of Noteholders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver:  Subject to certain exceptions and (where applicable) Condition 18(d) 
(Supervisory Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority notice or consent) below, the Trustee 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree to any modification of these Conditions or the 
Trust Deed (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
proper to make if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such modification is not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of Noteholders and to any modification of the Notes or the Trust Deed which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, authorise or waive any 
proposed breach or breach of the Notes or the Trust Deed (other than a proposed breach or breach 
relating to the subject of a Reserved Matter) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such authorisation is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.   
In addition, the Trustee may determine, without the consent of the holders of Notes of any Series 
or holders of the Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto (except as set out in the Trust Deed), that 
any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (both as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be 
treated as such for the purpose of the Trust Deed and such Notes if, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
the interests of the relevant Noteholders are not materially prejudiced thereby. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer may in accordance with Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement), 
vary or amend these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
certain amendments without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, as described in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Replacement) and the Trustee shall 
agree to such variations or amendments subject to the terms of Condition 7(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement), or as otherwise notified to Noteholders and Couponholders provided that such 
amendments would not impose, in the Trustee's opinion (acting reasonably), more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce, or 
amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it. 
(c) 
Substitution: Subject to Condition 18(d) (Supervisory Authority and/or Relevant Resolution 
Authority notice or consent) below, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree 
with the relevant Issuer to the substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition 18(c) (Substitution)) as the principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Trust Deed of any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, subject to: 
(i) 
the Trustee being satisfied that such substitution is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; and 
(ii) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
(d) 
Supervisory Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority notice or consent: The provisions 
relating to the Tier 2 Capital Notes or Senior Notes issued by PTSB Holdings shall only be capable 
of modification or waiver and the relevant Issuer of Tier 2 Capital Notes or Senior Notes issued by 
PTSB Holdings may only be substituted in accordance with Condition 18(c) (Substitution) above, 
if the relevant Issuer has notified the Supervisory Authority and/or Resolution Authority of such 
modification, waiver or substitution and/or obtained the relevant Supervisory Permission (if such 
notice and/or permission is then required by the Regulatory Capital Requirements) or the 
permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority (if such permission is then required under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations). 
(e) 
Effect for the Holders: Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders of the relevant Series and, unless the Trustee 
agrees otherwise, shall be notified to the holders of Notes of that Series as soon as practicable 
thereafter in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices).

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including, but not 
limited to, those in relation to any such modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution as 
aforesaid) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the holders of the Notes of the relevant 
Series as a class and in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences 
of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from the individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee shall not 
be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
relevant Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders and in 
accordance with the Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so 
as to form a single Series with the Notes.  The relevant Issuer may from time to time, with the 
consent of the Trustee, create and issue other Series of notes having the benefit of the Trust Deed. 
20. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (www.ise.ie) or, in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to the Holders of Notes.  
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and the Trust Deed and all non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes and the Trust Deed are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with (i) in the case of an English Law Note, English law except that Conditions 4(b), 
4(c) and 23 (Statutory Loss Absorption) and the equivalent provisions of the Trust Deed will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Irish law or (ii) in the case of an Irish Law Note, 
Irish Law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction:  The parties to the Trust Deed have (i) agreed that: 
(A) 
in the case of English Law Notes, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) (a "Dispute"); and 
(ii) agreed that those courts are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any 
Dispute and, accordingly, that they will not argue that any other courts are more 
appropriate or convenient; and

--- Page 96 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of Irish Law Notes, the courts of Ireland shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any Dispute; and (ii) agreed that those courts are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they will not argue that any 
other courts are more appropriate or convenient. 
(c) 
Service of process: Each of the Issuers agrees that the documents which start any proceedings in 
England relating to a dispute ("Proceedings") and any other documents required to be served in 
relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to TMF Corporate Services 
Limited at 6 St. Andrew Street, 5th Floor, London, EC4A 3AE, or to such other person with an 
address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the relevant Issuer 
may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the 
right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.   
23. 
Statutory Loss Absorption 
(a) 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the relevant Issuer and the Trustee or any Noteholder or 
Couponholder, the Trustee and, by its acquisition of any Note or Coupon, each Noteholder and 
Couponholder (which for the purposes of this Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes and/or the Coupons) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under 
the Notes or Coupons may be subject to the exercise of Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any 
of the following, or a combination thereof:  
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
and/or Coupons;  
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
and/or Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the relevant 
Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or 
Couponholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons;  
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes and/or Coupons or the Relevant Amounts in respect 
thereof; and  
(D) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons as deemed necessary by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Irish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; and  
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons as deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  
(b) 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and 
payable or be paid after the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, 
amended or altered as a result of such exercise.  
(c) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the relevant Issuer or another person, as a result of 
the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the relevant Issuer, nor the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes and/or Coupons will be an event of 
default.  
(d) 
Upon the exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes and/or Coupons, the relevant Issuer will provide a written

--- Page 97 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
notice to the Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 20 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. The relevant 
Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Trustee for information purposes. Any failure 
or delay by the relevant Issuer to provide any such notice shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of the Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. 
(e) 
As used in this Condition 23:  
"Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Ireland, 
relating to (i) BRRD or the transposition into Irish law of BRRD (including, without limitation, 
Article 48 thereof) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the relevant Issuer (or any 
affiliate of the relevant Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the relevant Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); and 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of 
the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Irish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 98 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets

--- Page 99 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]1 
[Consider if any additional selling legends required.] 
Final Terms dated [] 
[PERMANENT TSB GROUP HOLDINGS P.L.C.] / 
[PERMANENT TSB P.L.C.] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [635400DTNHVYGZODKQ93] / [549300WL1M55G8FIDZ68] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the [€15,000,000,000] Euro Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 31 March 2023 [and the supplemental 
base prospectus dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document [constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and] 2 must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all relevant information. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.]   
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [•], which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated 31 March 2023.  These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes described herein 
and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 31 March 2023 in order to obtain all relevant 
information [and the supplemental base prospectus dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of 
the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [•] and are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus.  This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
Issuers 
website 
(https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/investors/debt-investors/debt-issuance-programmes.aspx) and on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).  
[In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.] 
[The securities described by these Final Terms (the "Securities") constitute Commercial Paper for the 
purposes of Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Notice").  The Securities are 
issued in accordance with one of the exemptions from the requirement to hold a banking licence provided 
by the Notice pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland, inserted by section 31 of 
the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland, as amended by section 70(d) of the Central Bank Act 1997 of Ireland. 
The Securities do not have the status of a bank deposit and are not within the scope of the Deposit Protection 
 
1  Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer pursuant to S309 of the SFA. 
2  Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 100 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank of 
Ireland.]3 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[Permanent TSB Group Holdings p.l.c.] 
[permanent tsb p.l.c.] 
 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 26 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about []].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year 
from the Issue Date, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency. Such Notes fall outside the scope of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
 Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
3  Include for Notes which are issued by PTSB Holdings and have a maturity of less than one year from the Issue Date. 
Any such Notes must be issued and transferable in a minimum amount of €125,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). Such Notes fall outside the scope of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 101 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
 
[insert 
period 
of 
time 
e.g. 
3 
months] 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR]+/- [] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at []/[100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/ Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]4 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[(see paragraph [18/19] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
(i) 
Governing law: 
English Law Notes / Irish Law Notes 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Tier 2 Capital Notes] 
 
 
[(iii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained]: 
[]  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable from [] to 
[] [if so elected by the Issuer on or before []]] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(vi)        Unmatured Coupons void: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
Condition 12(f) (Unmatured Coupons void) is 
Applicable 
 
 
4 Clearing systems to be notified of any put option.

--- Page 102 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]5 
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (and 
including) the First Reset Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate] [and] [Reference Bond Rate] [as 
the fallback Reset Reference Rate to the Mid-Swap 
Rate] 
 
 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[]  
 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[] [and []]  
 
 
(x) 
[Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
 
 
(a) 
[Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[]] 
 
 
 
(b) 
[Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[insert period of time e.g. 3 months] [EURIBOR]] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
(xi) 
[Reference Bond Rate: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(a) 
[Reset Reference Bond: 
[]] 
 
 
(xii) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[] [As specified in the Conditions] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
 
(xv) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year]/[The provisions in the Conditions 
apply] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Principal Financial Centre: 
[] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Principal 
Paying Agent]): 
[[] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Duration: 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
5  For Tier 2 Capital Notes, the Subsequent Margin shall be equal to the First Margin.

--- Page 103 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No Adjustment]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[[] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[insert period of time e.g. 3 months] [EURIBOR 
/SONIA/€STR] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] London Banking Days/ TARGET 
Settlement Days/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] London Banking Days/ TARGET 
Settlement Days/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/[]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] / [] [[London Banking Days /TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to the end of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 104 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of:  CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / 
GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / 
JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index (each as defined in the ISDA Definitions).  
These are the options envisaged by the terms and 
conditions) 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-  
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
(NB: A minimum of five should be specified for the 
Applicable Business Days / Observation Period 
Shift Business Days / Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days / Lockout Period Business 
Days, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days]

--- Page 105 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
(NB: A minimum of five should be specified for the 
Applicable Business Days / Observation Period 
Shift Business Days / Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days / Lockout Period 
Business Days, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond basis / 30E/360(ISDA)]

--- Page 106 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Call) of each Note: 
[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Amount 
 
 
(iii)        Make Whole Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(a) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(b) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent.] 
 
 
[(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[]] 
 
 
[(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[]] 
 
 
[(e) 
Relevant Make Whole Screen Page: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(f) 
Reference Date: 
[] / [as per the Conditions] 
 
 
(iv) 
Series redeemable in part: 
[[Yes; [] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes may be redeemed on 
[each][the] Optional Redemption Date (Call)] / 
[No]] 
 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[] / As per the Conditions 
 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] / As per the Conditions 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
21. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Regulatory 
Event) 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
22. 
Optional Redemption Amount (MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
23. 
MREL Disqualification Event Effective 
Date 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
24. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Residual Call) 
[•] per Calculation Amount / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[] / As per the Conditions

--- Page 107 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
26. 
Early Termination Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
27. 
Unmatured Coupons 
Condition 12(f) is [applicable/ not applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
28. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
29. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are left.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [Permanent TSB Group Holdings p.l.c. / permanent tsb p.l.c.]: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 108 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i)  
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Euronext Dublin with effect from [].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(ii)  
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have [not] been/are 
expected to be] rated[: 
 
 
 
[Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's"): []] 
 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard 
& Poor's"): []] 
 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch"): []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No.1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")].] [[] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website  http://www.esma.europa.eu/]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009  
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 109 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation 
").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.]  
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
 
 
[[] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] / [European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation ").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency

--- Page 110 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[[] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
[[] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). [] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA or in the 
United Kingdom and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular

--- Page 111 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.]  
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation  AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation  
 
 
 
[[] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the 
rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")].  
 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation  
 
 
 
[[] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is 
certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][ 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")].  
 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation  
 
 
 
 
[[] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is 
not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 112 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[]

--- Page 113 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name][repeat as necessary]]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
 
 
(a) 
Names of Dealers: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]  
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS

--- Page 114 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
 
[See 
["Use 
of 
Proceeds"] 
in 
Base 
Prospectus"/Give details] [If reasons differ from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details here.] 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 115 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form.  Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented 
by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a 
common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or 
common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the bearer 
of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note.  The extent to which, 
and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the 
Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer or in respect of 
payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to 
the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note.  The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case 
of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the 
order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the 
relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is 
made in respect of the Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment 
is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day:  In the case of a Global Note, shall be:  if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the 
Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the 
Principal Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(b)  
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such

--- Page 116 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, except that, for so long as such Notes are listed, quoted and/or traded on or by a competent listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall also be published in accordance with the requirements of such competent listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by an Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant 
clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic 
Consent" as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would 
otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum 
was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and 
Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the relevant Issuer and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to such Issuer 
and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with 
entitlements to such Global Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement 
on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified 
by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held.  For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the relevant Issuer and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) 
above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the 
"relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if 
the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective.  Any such certificate or other document 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes.  Any such 
certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records 
provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg's Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together 
with the amount of such holding.  None of the relevant Issuer or the Trustee shall be liable to any 
person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 117 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
Group Overview 
The Group is a significant provider of retail financial services in the Irish domestic banking market. It offers 
a broad range of banking products and financial services to its customers including current accounts, retail 
and corporate and institutional deposits, residential mortgages, term loans, credit cards and overdrafts as 
well as general insurance, pensions, investments and life insurance (through a bancassurance arrangement). 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group held €25.9 billion of assets. Funding for the Group comprises a mix of 
sources including retail deposits and current accounts, corporate and institutional deposits, wholesale 
funding (funding sources secured on Republic of Ireland mortgages), together with €2.4 billion of equity 
(as at 31 December 2022). The Group produced net interest income of €362 million in the year ending 31 
December 2022. The Group reported an operating profit before credit impairment and taxation of  
€266 million for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022, compared to an operating loss before credit 
impairment and taxation of €41 million for the twelve months ended 31 December 2021. 
The Group estimates (based on publicly available information) that it holds the third largest customer 
market share in the Republic of Ireland for its key products: retail deposits and residential mortgages, and 
is supported by a track record of product innovation, including the only current account in Ireland with the 
ability to earn cash rewards for using debit cards and by paying specific companies by direct debit and 
multiple LTV-linked pricing points for mortgages. The Group has a customer franchise built over more 
than a hundred years, with an established consumer brand. The Group has 98 branches in the Republic of 
Ireland, distributed widely to provide national coverage, and serving approximately 1.2 million individual 
customers (out of a population of approximately 5.0 million). In addition to its branch services, the Group 
operates through four other channels: mobile and telephony, online, automated teller machines and a 
network of intermediaries. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 2,614 full time 
equivalent employees in Ireland. 
Since 2012, the Group has undergone a transformation, including taking steps to increase financial 
resilience such as improving provision coverage, taking measures aimed at reducing reliance on Eurosystem 
funding and increasing stable deposit funding, streamlining the cost base and closing the pension funding 
gap. Furthermore, the Group has rebuilt its corporate governance foundation, strengthened its credit risk 
capabilities, created a highly effective arrears management capability, re-launched the 'permanent tsb' brand 
with new products and returned to lending which has enabled the Group to re-establish market share. 
Information on the Issuers 
PTSB Holdings was incorporated on 24 August 2009 as a public limited company and is registered in 
Ireland with registered number 474438 under the laws of Ireland. The registered office of PTSB Holdings 
is at 56-59 St. Stephens Green, Dublin 2 (Tel: +353 (0)1 669 5000). PTSB Holdings operates under the 
Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended). 
PTSB was incorporated on 21 September 1994 as a public limited company in Ireland under registration 
number 222332 under the laws of Ireland and was then called Irish Permanent p.l.c. In April 1999, PTSB 
acquired Irish Life p.l.c. and changed its name to Irish Life & Permanent p.l.c. In April 2001, PTSB acquired 
TSB Bank and in 2002 launched the permanent tsb brand following the merger of the Group's TSB and 
Irish Permanent banking units. The registered office of PTSB is at 56-59 St. Stephens Green, Dublin 2 (Tel: 
+353 (0)1 669 5000). PTSB operates under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended). 
Organisational Structure 
PTSB Holdings is the holding company of the Group. PTSB Holdings operates solely as a holding 
company, and all of the operations of the Group are conducted through its subsidiaries. The principal 
operating subsidiary of PTSB Holdings is PTSB. 
Group company and Place of 
Incorporation 
Company's direct holding 
and holding of voting rights 
Nature of business 
permanent tsb p.l.c. 
100 per cent. 
Retail banking and mortgage 
lending

--- Page 118 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Incorporated in Ireland 
All voting rights 
PTSB offers a broad range of 
banking products and services 
including current account, retail 
deposits, residential mortgages, 
term loan, credit cards, overdrafts 
and general insurance as well as 
pensions, investments, and life 
insurance 
(through 
a 
bancassurance arrangement). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
History and Development of the Group 
The Group has a long history of supporting savers and borrowers in Ireland, having been part of the Irish 
banking landscape for 130 years. The Group's origin traces back to the formation in 1884 of the mutually 
owned institution that became known as Irish Permanent Building Society. Over a century later, in 1994, 
the Irish Permanent Building Society demutualised and converted to a public company called Irish 
Permanent p.l.c and was listed on the Irish and London Stock Exchanges. In 1999, Irish Permanent p.l.c. 
acquired Irish Life Group Limited, a life assurance and pension provider, to form Irish Life & Permanent 
Group. As both a bank and holding company for the new group, Irish Permanent p.l.c. changed its name to 
Irish Life & Permanent p.l.c. Irish Life & Permanent p.l.c. acquired TSB Bank in 2001, and the Group's 
rebranded retail banking operation, 'permanent tsb', was launched in 2002. 
From 2003 to 2008, the Group's lending book grew quickly, in line with the rapidly expanding market. 
However, in response to increased competition and a fall in market share in 2004 and 2005, the Group 
reduced mortgage margins, including on trackers linked to the ECB Base Rate. The mortgages were funded 
predominantly through the wholesale funding markets. 
As the global financial system, including in Ireland and the UK, started experiencing difficulties, the Group 
began to experience severe funding and liquidity challenges. As access to international credit tightened and 
corporate and institutional deposits were lost, the Group needed to replace wholesale funding with a 
substantial amount of Eurosystem funding to cover its funding shortfall. 
On 15 January 2010, PTSB Holdings became the holding company of the Group. This saw PTSB become 
a wholly owned subsidiary of PTSB Holdings.  
Since 2011, the Group has been subject to oversight and review by the European Commission under 
European Union (EU) State Aid rules as a result of the financial support it received from the Irish State 
during the financial crisis. As part of the review, a restructuring plan (the "Restructuring Plan") was 
prepared by the Group and was approved by the European Commission in April 2015.   
Following the Single Supervisory Mechanism's Stress Test of the Group in October 2014, the Group 
undertook to raise the capital required to meet the shortfall identified (the "Capital Raise"). The Capital 
Raise was completed in April 2015 with a total of €525 million raised and, subsequently the Group's shares 
were re-listed on the main Irish and London Stock Exchanges. The completion of the Capital Raise also 
enabled the Group to repay the €400 million Contingent Capital Notes held by the Irish State. The State 
also sold an additional 21.8 million shares in the Group which returned another approximately €100 million 
to the tax payer. Following the conclusion of the restructuring period, the Group has now exited the 
Restructuring Plan. 
On 17 December 2021, the Group entered into a legally binding agreement with NatWest Group Plc in 
connection with the Transaction. On 7 November 2022, the Transaction was principally completed when 
€5.2bn performing non-tracker mortgages and significant processes were acquired by the Group thereby 
legally binding the Group to acquire the remaining Retail, SME and Asset Financing assets. The Group 
incurred costs of €97m on the transaction in 2022, of which €92m of these costs have been recognised as 
exceptional costs in the income statement.

--- Page 119 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
Group Governing Objective and Strategy 
The Group's purpose is to work hard every day to build trust with its customers – the Group is a community 
serving the community. The Group's ambition is to be Ireland’s best personal and small business bank. In 
addition to its business as usual activities, the Group's ambition will be delivered through a series of 
strategic change programmes aligned to the Bank’s four strategic pillars. 
The Group's Strategic priorities are as follows: 
1. Secure and Resilient Foundations: The Group has a robust, secure and resilient operating 
environment that protects its customers and colleagues. A continuous improvement and nimble 
approach to change allows the Group to adapt and learn. Internal and customer journey processes 
are automated and simplified to the benefit of customers and colleagues. 
2. Connected Customer Experience:  The Group's customers are at the heart of everything the Group 
does. The Group offers them the products and services they need, when they need them. The 
Group's services are digitally enabled with a human touch. The Group is recognised by its 
customers as the best Personal and Small Business bank, as measured through NPS and Trust 
scores. 
3. Cultural Evolution: The Group's culture is open, diverse & inclusive, risk integrated, customer 
and growth focused. Modern skillsets are forged and developed internally. The Group has a 
technology enabled workplace which helps colleagues better meet the needs of customers. 
4. Sustainable Business Growth: The Group has sustainable business practices and is committed to 
real reduction of its carbon footprint. The Group accelerates and enhances its customer 
propositions through partnerships. Data is used to create insights and to drive the Group's decision 
making. The Group delivers consistent returns for its shareholders by delivering an exceptional 
customer experience. 
Directors, Company Secretary and Senior Executives 
The business of the Issuers is managed by the Directors, each of whose business address is 56-59 St. 
Stephen's Green, Dublin 2 (Tel: +353 (0)1 669 5000). 
The Directors, their positions and dates of appointment are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Date of appointment 
Robert Elliott ............................  Non-executive Group Chairman  
31/03/2017 
Eamonn Crowley .....................  Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") 
10/05/20176 
Ken Slattery .............................  Independent Non-Executive Director 
30/08/2013 
Nicola O'Brien .........................  Chief Financial Officer 
04/08/2022 
Marian Corcoran ......................  Non-Executive Director 
24/09/2019 
Julie O’Neill .............................  Independent Non-Executive Director 
17/01/2023 
Ruth Wandhöfer .......................  Independent Non-Executive Director 
30/10/2018 
Anne Bradley ...........................  Independent Non-Executive Director 
30/03/2021  
Celine Fitzgerald ......................  Independent Non-Executive Director 
30/03/2021  
Paul Doddrell ...........................  Non-Executive Director 
26/11/2020 
Ronan O'Neill ..........................  Independent Non-Executive Director and 
Senior Independent Director 
26/07/2016 
Andrew Power .........................  Independent Non-Executive Director 
26/09/2016 
Donal Courtney ........................  Independent Non-Executive Director 
03/10/2018 
 
The Company Secretary is Conor Ryan. 
 
6 Director since 10/05/2017, CEO since 22 June 2020.

--- Page 120 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
The Senior Executives (other than the Executive Directors), their positions and dates of appointment are as 
follows: 
Name 
Position 
Date of appointment 
to current position 
Ger Mitchell ................................  CHRO and Corporate Development Director  
04/05/2017 
Claire Heely ................................  Head of Group Internal Audit 
01/11/2021 
Andrew Walsh ............................  Group Legal Counsel 
01/10/2014 
Tom Hayes ..................................  Chief Technology Officer 
20/10/2017 
Patrick Farrell..............................  Retail Banking Director 
01/12/2018 
Peter Vance .................................  Chief Operations Officer 
01/11/2021 
David Curtis ................................  Interim Chief Risk Officer 
02/09/2022 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
No Director or Senior Executive has any potential conflict of interest between their duties to the Issuers 
and their private interests or other duties. 
Other Directorships and Partnerships 
Directors 
Director Name 
Current Directorships 
Robert Elliott 
Windship Technology Limited 
Royal Yacht Squadron Racing Limited 
 
 
Eamonn Crowley 
Banking & Payments Federation CLG 
The Institute of Bankers In Ireland 
 
 
Ken Slattery 
Home Building Finance Ireland 
Home Building Finance Ireland (Lending) DAC 
National Shared Services Office 
The Glencree Centre for Reconciliation CLG 
 
 
Nicola O'Brien 
First Home Scheme Ireland Designated Activity Company 
 
 
Marian Corcoran 
IDA Ireland 
 
MC2 Change Limited 
 
 
Julie O'Neill 
Convention Centre Dublin 
XL Insurance Company SE  
AXA Life Europe 
Andrew Power 
A.M. Best Europe - Rating Services Limited  
Andrew Power Consultancy Limited 
 
 
Ronan O'Neill 
None 
 
 
Donal Courtney 
Iput plc 
Special Olympics Ireland 
NBC Global Finance Limited

--- Page 121 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Director Name 
Current Directorships 
Ruth Wandhöfer 
RTGS Global Ltd 
Gresham Technologies plc 
Aquis Exchange plc 
Leximar Ltd 
 
 
Anne Bradley 
Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services 
(Ireland) Limited   
Pieta House CLG 
 
 
Celine Fitzgerald 
VHI Health And Wellbeing DAC 
VHI Health And Wellbeing Holdings DAC 
Pieta House CLG 
 
 
Paul Doddrell 
Cabot Financial Ireland Ltd 
Coastline Housing Limited  
3 to 48 Ltd 
 
Corporate Governance and Board Practices 
Compliance with the UK Code and the Irish Annex 
Following the admission of PTSB Holdings' ordinary shares to the Irish Official List and the Official List 
of the FCA, the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the "UK Code") and the Irish annex to the UK 
Code (the "Irish Annex") apply to the Group (in addition to compliance with the CBI Code, as discussed 
below). The Directors intend to operate in compliance with the relevant requirements and procedures as set 
out by the UK Code and the Irish Annex and in any circumstances where the Group does not so comply, to 
explain within the Group's annual report the reasons why it has chosen not to comply with a particular 
provision. The UK Code sets out standards of good practice in relation to board leadership and 
effectiveness, remuneration, accountability and relations with shareholders. The Irish Annex contains 
additional guidance for companies listed on the regulated market in Euronext Dublin as to the manner in 
which such companies should comply with the UK Code. Through their annual report, listed companies are 
required to report on how they have applied the main principles of the UK Code for the prior financial year, 
and either to confirm that they have complied with their provisions or, where they have not, to provide an 
explanation. 
Central Bank of Ireland Corporate Governance Code Requirements for Credit Institutions 2015 (the 
"CBI Code") 
The CBI Code sets out minimum statutory requirements on how banks in Ireland should organise the 
governance of their institutions. The purpose of these rules is to ensure that robust governance arrangements 
are in place so that appropriate oversight exists to avoid or minimise the risk of a future financial crisis. 
The CBI Code includes provisions on the membership of the Board, the role and responsibilities of the 
Group Chairman and other directors and the operation of various board committees. 
The CBI Code imposes additional requirements upon entities designated as "High Impact Credit 
Institutions" which are credit institutions designated as such under the Central Bank's Probability Risk 
Impact System. PTSB has been designated as a High Impact Credit Institution and is subject to the 
additional obligations set out in Appendix 1 of the CBI Code. PTSB has also been designated as LSI for 
the purposes of the Capital Requirements Directive (SI 158/2014) and is subject to the additional 
obligations set out in Appendix 2 to the CBI Code.  
Board Governance Structure 
The Board is responsible for setting, approving and overseeing the implementation of the overall business 
strategy taking into account the Group's long-term financial interest and solvency. The Board meets as often 
as is required to satisfy its own legal, regulatory or main market listing obligations. The Board and the 
board of PTSB consist of the same Directors.

--- Page 122 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
The Board of Directors 
The Board as a whole is collectively responsible for the leadership, strategic direction and policy, 
operational performance, financial matters, risk management and compliance of the Group. The Board 
exercises leadership, integrity and judgement in directing the Group, based on transparency, accountability 
and responsibility. The Board is also the focal point for the implementation of best practice corporate 
governance within the Group. All Directors must take decisions objectively in the interests of the Group. 
The board is responsible for ensuring that the Group is performing against agreed corporate strategy, that 
the board and Senior Executives conform to effective, prudent and ethical standards of corporate 
governance and that risk and compliance is properly managed. 
The board retains primary responsibility for corporate governance within the Group at all times.  The board 
may delegate authority to sub-committees or management to act on its behalf but cannot abrogate 
responsibility for functions delegated. 
As members of a unitary board, all Directors have the same legal and fiduciary responsibilities.  The board 
as a whole is collectively responsible for the success of the Group in accordance with its stated objectives.  
All Directors must take decisions objectively in the interests of the Group. 
Board Committees 
The board of PTSB Holdings has established four committees: the Audit Committee, the Risk and 
Compliance Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Nomination, Culture and Ethics Committee.  
The duties and responsibilities of each of these committees are set out clearly in written terms of reference, 
which have been approved by the board. 
All committees are composed of a majority of Independent Non-Executive Directors. With the exception 
of Marian Corcoran and Paul Doddrell, who were each appointed to the Board under the terms of a 
Shareholder Relationship Agreement with the Minister for Finance of Ireland, the Board is satisfied that 
each of the current Non-Executive Directors including the Chairman fulfil the independence requirements 
of the UK Code. The Membership, chairmanship and the terms of reference of each committee are reviewed 
annually.  In accordance with the terms of the CBI Code, the Group Chairman is not a member of the Audit 
Committee. 
Audit Committee 
Members: Ronan O'Neill (chairman), Donal Courtney, Paul Doddrell, Andrew Power, Anne Bradley 
The Audit Committee consists of five Non-Executive Directors.  Neither the Group Chairman nor the CEO 
is a member of the Audit Committee.  The board requires that the chairman of the Audit Committee has 
recent and relevant financial experience. The chairman of the Audit Committee is responsible for leadership 
of the Audit Committee and for ensuring its effectiveness. The members of the Audit Committee meet at 
the start of each scheduled meeting in private session. The Head of the Group's internal audit ("GIA") is 
then invited to join the meeting so that the Audit Committee can review internal activity without Senior 
Management present. Subsequent attendance by the CEO, CFO, Group Chairman, external auditors and 
others is by invitation only and managed to ensure the on-going independence of the Audit Committee.  
The board requires that a minimum of one member is common to the Audit Committee and the Board Risk 
and Compliance Committee. Donal Courtney, Anne Bradley and Paul Doddrell are members of both 
committees.  
The Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness and adequacy of internal control, internal audit and IT 
systems and reviews the effectiveness of risk management procedures, in addition to reviewing the integrity 
of PTSB Holdings' internal financial controls. The Audit Committee reviews the arrangements by which 
staff of the Group may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial 
reporting or other matters. The Audit Committee monitors and reviews the effectiveness of the GIA 
function and also considers the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the 
audit process. The Audit Committee also reviews discoveries of fraud and violations of laws and regulations 
as raised by the head of GIA. 
The Audit Committee monitors the integrity of the financial statements of PTSB Holdings, reviewing 
significant financial reporting judgements contained therein, to ensure that they give a "true and fair view" 
of the financial status of PTSB Holdings and also to recommend to the board whether to approve the annual

--- Page 123 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
and interim reports and to recommend to the Board that it believes that the annual report, taken as a whole, 
is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the necessary information for shareholders to assess 
PTSB Holdings' position, performance, business model and strategy. 
In considering whether the annual report is fair, balanced and understandable, the Audit Committee reviews 
the annual report and considers whether the financial statements are consistent with the financial review. 
The Audit Committee also reviews governance and approval processes in place within PTSB Holdings as 
they were relevant to the financial statements. These include the completion by management of disclosure 
checklists to ensure all disclosures required by applicable company law, listing requirements and 
accounting standards are included in the draft annual report which was reviewed by various executives and 
management of the Group. The Audit Committee also has regard to the significant judgements relating to 
the financial statements. Each of the significant issues are addressed in papers received by the Audit 
Committee from management and in the report received by the Audit Committee from the external auditors 
and discussed in the Audit Committee's meeting with the external auditors. The Audit Committee also had 
regard to the assessment of internal control over financial reporting. 
Risk and Compliance Committee 
Members: Donal Courtney (chairman), Paul Doddrell, Ruth Wandhöfer, Marian Corcoran, Anne Bradley 
The Board Risk and Compliance Committee is composed of a majority of Independent Non-Executive 
Directors. Neither the Chairman nor the CEO is a member of the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. 
The Board ensures that the Chairman of the Board Risk and Compliance Committee has relevant risk 
management and/or compliance experience. The Board requires that at least one member of the Committee 
is common to each of the Board Audit Committee and the Board Remuneration Committee. On an annual 
basis, the Committee reviews its own terms of reference and the Board Nomination, Culture and Ethics 
Committee conducts a review of the Board Risk and Compliance Committee's effectiveness and 
recommends changes considered necessary to the Board. The Board Risk and Compliance Committee holds 
a member only session at the start of each meeting following which the CRO subsequently attends for a 
private session with the committee and thereafter other invited members of senior management attend as 
required. 
The Board Risk and Compliance Committee is responsible for monitoring adherence to the Group risk 
appetite statement.  Where exposures exceed levels established in the appetite statement, the Board Risk 
and Compliance Committee is responsible for ensuring that appropriate remediation plans are developed.  
This is facilitated by the periodic review of a key risk indicators report calibrated to the risk appetite 
statement. 
The Board Risk and Compliance Committee is responsible for monitoring compliance with relevant laws, 
regulatory obligations and codes of conduct. This is facilitated by regular reporting on compliance risks to 
the Committee. The Board Risk and Compliance Committee also spends a substantial amount of time 
tracking the continuing regulatory agenda and receives updates on Management’s activities to implement 
new and updated regulation, together with on-going engagement with the Group’s Regulators.   
The Board Risk and Compliance Committee is also responsible for oversight and advice to the Board on 
risk governance, the current risk exposures of the Group and future risk strategy, including strategy for 
capital and liquidity management, the setting of compliance policies and principles and the embedding and 
maintenance throughout the Group of a supportive culture in relation to the management of risk and 
compliance. The Board Risk and Compliance Committee supports the Board in carrying out its 
responsibilities for ensuring that risks are properly identified, reported, assessed and controlled, and that 
the Group's strategy is consistent with the Group's risk appetite. It seeks to review key aspects of the 
Group’s risk profile and provide appropriate challenge on the adequacy of their management. 
The Board Risk and Compliance Committee independently monitors the extent to which the Group 
complies with relevant rules and procedures. This includes raising and maintaining awareness of, for 
example, financial regulations, compliance procedures and fraud and anti-corruption measures. The Group 
has internal policies, rules and procedures to guarantee that Management complies with relevant laws and 
regulations regarding customers and business partners. External aspects of the Board Risk and Compliance 
Committee are primarily concerned with monitoring financial transactions and preventing money 
laundering. Internal aspects primarily concern checking private transactions by employees and directors, 
preventing and, where necessary, transparently managing conflicts of interest and safeguarding confidential

--- Page 124 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
information. In addition to meeting legal requirements, the committee reviews its own terms of reference 
annually and its own effectiveness, recommending any changes considered necessary to the Board.  
The Board Risk and Compliance Committee, in turn, delegates responsibility for the monitoring and 
management of specific risks to committees that are accountable to it.  These committees are the Group 
Risk Committee, the Group Credit Committee and the Assets and Liabilities Committee.  The terms of 
reference for each committee, whose membership is drawn from Group senior management, are reviewed 
regularly by the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. 
Remuneration Committee 
Members: Ken Slattery (Chairman), Robert Elliott, Andrew Power, Ruth Wandhöfer, Celine Fitzgerald 
The Remuneration Committee has responsibility for recommending the Group’s remuneration policies, 
including that applicable to the Board of Directors, to the Board for approval on an annual basis and 
ensuring they comply with applicable regulatory and legal requirements and remain free from any form of 
bias relating to gender, age or social or ethnic background.  
The Remuneration Committee supports the Board in overseeing remuneration policies, practices and 
processes and compliance with the Group's Remuneration Policy (both as applicable to the Directors and 
the wider population) and ensures the remuneration policies and procedures do not promote excessive risk 
taking and are aligned with the Group's overall corporate governance framework, corporate culture, risk 
culture and attitude to and appetite for risk and related governance processes, and takes into account the 
need to maintain all capital and liquidity ratios including buffer requirements. 
The Remuneration Committee recommends the design, eligibility and performance measures for any 
incentive schemes to the Board for approval and sets and assesses performance targets for any incentive 
schemes. The Remuneration Committee recommends remuneration proposals (including joining and 
termination of arrangements) in respect of the Chairman, CEO, Executive Directors, Company Secretary, 
Executive Committee, Group Treasurer, Chief Credit Officer, and Heads of Control Functions for approval 
by the Board and overseeing remuneration proposals in respect of any other identified staff (Material Risk 
Takers) as defined under the fifth Capital Requirements Directive and further oversees the annual review 
of the implementation of the Remuneration Policy applicable across the Group. 
Nomination, Culture and Ethics Committee 
Members: Robert Elliott (Chairman), Ronan O'Neill, Ken Slattery, Marian Corcoran, Celine Fitzgerald 
The Board Nomination, Culture and Ethics Committee is responsible for bringing recommendations to the 
Board regarding the appointment of new Directors and of a new Chairman. The Chairman does not attend 
the Committee when it is dealing with the appointment of a successor to the Chairman. Decisions on Board 
appointments are taken by the full Board. All Directors are subject to re-appointment by election by the 
shareholders at the first opportunity after their appointment.  
The Board Nomination, Culture and Ethics Committee keeps under review the leadership needs of the 
Group, both Executive and Non-Executive, with a view to ensuring the continued ability of the Group to 
compete effectively in the marketplace. The Committee is also responsible for reviewing the effectiveness 
of the Board’s operations, including the Chairmanship and composition of Board Committees. The Board 
Nomination, Culture and Ethics Committee also has responsibilities for supporting the Board on oversight 
on culture, ethics, and reputation management and employee engagement. 
Internal Controls 
The board is responsible for maintaining PTSB Holdings' system of internal control and risk management 
in order to safeguard PTSB Holdings' assets.  Such a system is designed to identify, manage and mitigate 
financial, operational and compliance risks inherent to PTSB Holdings.  The system is designed to manage 
rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable, but 
not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss. 
The Group's internal control procedures are designed to safeguard the Group's net assets, support effective 
management of the Group's resources, and provide reliable and timely financial reporting both internally to 
management and those charged with governance and externally to other stakeholders.  They include the 
following:

--- Page 125 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
• 
an organisational structure with formally defined lines of responsibility and delegation of authority; 
• 
as set out in pages 66 to 67 of the 2022 Annual Report of PTSB Holdings, a "Three Lines of 
Defence" model has been adopted by the Group for the effective oversight and management of 
risks across the Group, with GIA being the Third Line of Defence; 
• 
a corporate governance structure has been defined showing the key governance and decision-
making bodies of the Group; each governance body has a terms of reference that sets out its key 
areas of responsibility; 
• 
the preparation and issue of financial reports, including the consolidated annual report, is managed 
by the Group Finance department, with oversight from the Audit Committee. The Group’s financial 
reporting process is controlled using documented accounting policies and reporting formats issued 
by the Group Finance department to all reporting entities (including subsidiaries) within the Group 
in advance of each reporting period end. The Group Finance department supports all reporting 
entities in the preparation of financial information. Its quality is underpinned by arrangements for 
segregation of duties to facilitate independent checks on the integrity of financial data. The 
financial information for each entity is subject to review at reporting entity and group level by 
Senior Management. In addition to reviewing and approving the full year annual report, the interim 
and annual report are also reviewed by the  Audit Committee in advance of being presented to the 
Board for their review and approval; 
• 
comprehensive budgeting systems are in place, with annual financial budgets and a five year 
medium term plan prepared and considered by the Board. Actual results are monitored and there 
is monthly consideration by the Board of progress compared against budgets and forecasts;  
• 
there are clearly defined capital investment control guidelines and procedures set by the Board; 
• 
responsibilities for the management of credit, investment and treasury activities are delegated 
within limits to line management. In addition, Group and divisional Management have been given 
responsibility to set operational procedures and standards in the areas of finance, tax, legal and 
regulatory compliance, human resources and information technology systems and operations; 
• 
GIA’s responsibility for the independent assessment of the Group’s corporate governance, risk 
management and internal control processes. The Head of GIA reports directly to the Chair of the 
Audit Committee; 
• 
the reviews by the Audit Committee on the scope, nature and independence of the work undertaken 
by GIA; 
• 
the reviews by the Audit Committee of progress with the internal audit programme of work. The 
Head of GIA reports regularly to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee also reviews the 
interim and annual report and the nature and extent of the external audit. There are formal 
procedures in place for the external auditors to report findings and recommendations to the Audit 
Committee. Any significant findings or identified risks are examined so that appropriate action can 
be taken; 
• 
under the Group’s Internal Control Framework, there are divisional control frameworks in place 
within each business unit under which Executive Management reviews and monitors, on an on-
going basis, the controls in place, both financial and non-financial, to manage the risks facing that 
business; 
• 
the monitoring of regulatory compliance within the Group by the Head of Regulatory Compliance 
who reports to the Chief Risk Officer ("CRO") and who also provides regular updates to the Board 
Risk and Compliance Committee; and 
• 
established systems and procedures to identify, control and report on key risks. Exposure to these 
risks is monitored at Board level by the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. As a standing 
item on both Board Risk and Compliance Committee and Board agendas, the CRO regularly 
reports on all material issues related to activity within the Group's risk and control environment. 
The CRO is a member of Executive Committee, chairs the Group Risk Committee and has 
reporting lines to the CEO and Chair of Board Risk and Compliance Committee.

--- Page 126 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Management Committees 
The board retains primary responsibility for corporate governance within the Group at all times.  The board 
has reserved for itself a documented schedule of matters for its own approval. The board delegates executive 
responsibility to the Group CEO for the Group's operations, compliance and performance.  The Group CEO 
is the principal executive accountable to the board for the day to day management of the Group and also 
serves as the main link between the board and the Group's operational units.  With approval from the board, 
the Group CEO has established a number of management committees through which the Group's day to 
day operations, compliance and performance are managed and controlled. 
Capital Management and Capital Adequacy 
Capital adequacy, and its effective management, is critical to the Group's ability to operate its businesses 
and to pursue its strategy. The Group's business and financial condition could be materially adversely 
affected if the amount of capital available to the Group is insufficient to cover its business risks and support 
its market strategy and regulatory requirements. This could arise due to a number of factors including, 
without limitation (i) materially worse than expected financial performance (for example reductions in 
earnings as a result of impairment charges); (ii) increases in risk weighted assets; (iii) an increase to the 
minimum regulatory capital requirements of the Group or an amendment to the manner in which existing 
regulatory capital is calculated; and/or (v) amendments to the regulatory criteria for instruments that qualify 
as regulatory capital and/or the capital to which those instruments are allocated. 
PTSB carries out the banking activities of the Group and is regulated by the Central Bank. 
The core objective of the PTSB capital management policy is to ensure it complies with regulatory capital 
requirements and maintains sufficient capital to cover its business risks and support its market strategy at 
all times. PTSB completes rigorous stress testing and sensitivity analysis through the ICAAP to ensure that 
it is adequately capitalised against the inherent material risks to which its business operations are exposed 
and to maintain an appropriate level of capital to meet the minimum regulatory capital requirements. The 
ICAAP is subject to review and evaluation by the CBI. 
The management of capital within the Group is monitored by the Board Risk and Compliance Committee, 
the Executive Committee and the Assets and Liabilities Committee in accordance with a Board approved 
framework. 
The European Commission published the CRR quick fix to bring forward certain changes made to the CRR 
announced in 2019 as part of EU Banking Reforms ("CRR2") in light of the challenges posed to the banking 
sector by the current COVID-19 crisis. Other amendments not contained in CRR2 were also announced to 
provide further flexibility to banks in meeting capital requirements. The European Parliament voted to 
approve these measures, which contain some amendments to the original text, on 18 June 2020. The key 
measures in the CRR quick fix included the use of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital to partially meet 
Pillar 2 Requirements, an extension of the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements by 2 years, the introduction of 
a prudential filter on sovereign bonds held at fair value and the acceleration of CRR2 amendments to exempt 
certain software assets from capital deduction and to revise the SME supporting factors. In October 2021, 
the European Commission published the legislative proposal, in the form of amendments to the CRR and 
CRD, to implement the final revisions to the Basel framework which, amongst other things, will see changes 
to the credit risk and operational risk capital requirements frameworks. The Commission expects the new 
rules will ensure that EU banks become more resilient to potential future economic shocks while 
contributing to Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate neutrality. 
The expected application date for the implementation of these changes is 1 January 2025. 
The Central Bank of Ireland review the CCyB on a quarterly basis. In June 2022, the Central Bank, in their 
CCyB rate announcement, confirmed that the CCyB rate has increased from 0 per cent. to 0.50 per cent. 
and will come into effect on 15 June 2023. A further increase of 0.50 per cent. was announced in November 
2022 and will come into effect on 24 November 2023, increasing the CCyB to 1.00 per cent. The gradual 
build-up of the CCyB is consistent with the Central Bank’s objective of promoting resilience in the banking 
sector, proportionate to the risk environment, with a view to facilitating a sustainable flow of credit to the 
economy through the cycle. 
The Group's CET1 minimum SREP requirement of 8.94 per cent. comprising of a Pillar 1 Requirement of 
4.50 per cent., Pillar 2 Requirement of 1.94 per cent., capital conservation buffer ("CCB") of 2.50 per cent. 
and CCyB rate of 0 per cent.

--- Page 127 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
The Group's total capital minimum SREP requirement is 13.95 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, consisting 
of a Pillar 1 Requirement of 8 per cent., Pillar 2 Requirement of 3.45 per cent. and CCB of 2.5 per cent. 
The Group's transitional and fully loaded regulatory capital ratios as at 31 December 2022 are set out on 
page 58 of the 2022 Annual Report of PTSB Holdings. 
General Regulation and Supervision 
Banking activities in Ireland are regulated and supervised by the ECB under the SSM Regulation, the 
Central Bank Acts and related legislation and in respect of matters falling outside the scope of the SSM 
Regulation by the Central Bank under the Central Bank Acts and related legislation. Under the SSM 
Regulation the ECB is responsible for all core banking supervisory responsibilities which includes 
authorisations, capital adequacy, large exposures, liquidity and qualifying holdings for those firms that it 
regulates. The Group was initially directly supervised by the ECB through the Joint ECB/CBI Supervisory 
Team but has as the Group did not meet any of the significant criteria for three consecutive years, a decision 
was taken to categorise the Group as a LSI. Therefore, with effect from 1 January 2019, the Group became 
subject to direct supervision by the CBI as the National Competent Authority. The ECB is responsible for 
the oversight of the supervision of less significant banks performed by national supervisors and therefore 
PTSB continues to be within the remit of the SSM. Under the SSM, the Central Bank remains responsible 
in Ireland for all areas of supervision not allocated to the ECB under the SSM Regulation, including conduct 
of business rules and the protection of customer interests. 
The Irish banking regulatory rules are primarily set out in the Central Bank Acts, CRD IV, regulations made 
by the Minister for Finance under the European Communities Act 1972 and regulatory notices and 
regulations issued by the Central Bank. These regulations and regulatory notices implement in Ireland the 
EU directives relating to banking regulation, including the CRD and the EU Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
Directive and give further effect in Ireland to EU regulations (which have direct legal effect). 
PTSB holds a bank licence granted under the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland. 
Major Shareholders  
The only shareholders who, directly or indirectly, are interested in 3 per cent. or more of PTSB Holdings' 
capital are listed in the table below: 
Name of shareholder 
Interest 
Date notified 
Minister for Finance of Ireland 
62.4 per cent. (340,661,653 shares) 
9 November 2022 
RBS AA Holdings (UK) Limited 
16.66 per cent. 
(90,893,627 shares) 
8 November 2022 
Janus Henderson Group plc 
3.15 per cent. (17,181,881 shares) 
31 May 2017 
 
None of the above-named shareholders have different voting rights to the other holders of ordinary shares. 
Other than the Minister for Finance of Ireland, PTSB Holdings is not aware of any persons who, directly 
or indirectly, jointly or severally, exercises or could exercise control over the Group, nor is it aware of any 
arrangement, the application of which would, at a subsequent date, result in a change of control of PTSB 
Holdings.  
Material Contracts 
The following is a summary of the material contracts (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary 
course of business) which have been entered into by the Issuers which may be material to their ability to 
meet their obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Relationship Framework 
On 29 March 2012, a relationship framework was specified by the Minister for Finance (the "Relationship 
Framework"), which provides the basis under which the relationship between the Minister for Finance and 
the Group is governed. It provides for safeguards as to the separate management of each of the State's 
interests in Irish credit institutions (including its interest in PTSB through the Group) in order to ensure that 
those interests, and the management of those interests, do not lead to a prevention, restriction or distortion

--- Page 128 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
of competition in contravention of merger control or competition law rules. The Minister for Finance agreed 
to an amended Relationship Framework on 23 April 2015 (the "Amended Relationship Framework"). 
Under the terms of the Amended Relationship Framework, the Minister for Finance expects the Board and 
management team of the Group to conduct the Group's commercial operations in a prudent and sustainable 
manner which seeks to create a commercially oriented credit institution that recognises the need to 
encourage and enforce implementation of lessons learned from the financial crisis. The Minister for Finance 
recognises that the Group remains a separate economic unit with independent powers of decision and that 
its Board and management team retain responsibility and authority for determining the Group's strategy 
and commercial policies (including business plans and budgets) and conducting its day-to-day operations. 
The Minister for Finance will ensure that the investment in the Group is managed on a commercial basis 
and will not intervene in day-to-day management decisions of the Group (including with respect to pricing 
and lending decisions). Transactions and arrangements between the Group and the Minister for Finance 
will be conducted at arm's-length and on normal commercial terms. The Minister will not, in his capacity 
as a shareholder in the Group, take any action that would have the effect of preventing the Group from 
complying with its obligations under applicable law and regulations, including, but not limited to, the listing 
rules of Euronext Dublin (the "Listing Rules") and will not propose or procure the proposal of a shareholder 
resolution which is intended to circumvent the proper application of regulatory requirements. The Minister 
will engage with the Group, including in respect of the manner in which he exercises his voting rights, in 
accordance with best institutional practice in a manner proportionate to the shareholding interest of the 
State in the Group. The views of the Minister for Finance and the Department of Finance are expected to 
be appropriately considered by the Group as part of any consultation process under the Amended 
Relationship Framework. However, the Board and management team have full responsibility and authority 
for determining the Group's strategy and commercial policies. The Amended Relationship Framework also 
provides that the Minister for Finance and the Group will review the Relationship Framework from time to 
time when either party reasonably considers that changes to the Relationship Framework or to the State 
Agreements (as defined therein) would be necessary or desirable to ensure that the Relationship Framework 
continues to reflect certain principles specified in the Relationship Framework and to enable the Group to 
continue to comply with its obligations under applicable law and regulations, including, but not limited to, 
the Listing Rules. 
The Amended Relationship Framework also imposes restrictions on the Group undertaking certain actions 
without, where specified providing information to, consulting with, or obtaining the consent of the Minister. 
The principal restrictions include, inter alia, the following: 
(i) 
the Group is required to provide a copy of its draft business plan to the Minister before the business 
plan is finalised but it is noted that ultimate and final responsibility for the contents of the business 
plan rests with the Board; 
(ii) 
the Board is required to consult with the Minister before appointing, removing or reappointing a 
chairman or a CEO of the Group or PTSB Holdings. The Board is also required to consult with the 
Minister in respect of any proposed Board appointments; 
(iii) 
the CEO of the Group is required to notify the Minister in writing of any senior executive (as 
defined in the Amended Relationship Framework) appointments prior to announcement; 
(iv) 
the Group is required to procure that up to two nominees of the Minister are appointed as directors 
of PTSB Holdings upon receipt of written notice from the Minister for Finance naming the 
proposed nominees; 
(v) 
subject to any applicable regulatory requirements, the Group is required to keep the Minister 
informed promptly in writing of developments, including the terms of any settlement, in relation 
to any material litigation; 
(vi) 
the Group is required to ensure that the remuneration of its executives does not breach certain terms 
agreed with the Minister of Finance; 
(vii) 
the Group is required to consult in writing with the Minister in respect of the following matters: 
any material acquisitions, disposals, investments, realisations, reorganisations, restructurings or 
other transactions, (b) the declaration or payment of dividends, (c) the redemption or repurchase 
of any shares or securities unless such a redemption or repurchase of securities is undertaken at a 
redemption date or repurchase date in accordance with the terms of those securities, (d) the

--- Page 129 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
initiation by PTSB Holdings of any liquidation, receivership, examinership or analogous statutory 
process in respect of PTSB Holdings, (e) the entry into or variation of any transaction between 
PTSB Holdings and a former director or senior executive (as defined in the Amended Relationship 
Framework) (a "Key Person") on terms other than on normal commercial arm's–length terms, (f) 
all important actions in respect of the commencement, defence, conduct or settlement of legal 
proceedings to which a Key Person or any connected person of a Key Person is party, and (g) any 
transaction or arrangement which may be classified by the Group as a "related party transaction" 
under the listing rules of the ISE and/or the FCA involving or for the benefit of any State entity; 
and 
(viii) 
PTSB Holdings is required to keep the Minister informed of its lending plans, including in 
particular small and medium sized enterprise (SME) lending and any changes thereof by means of 
regular updates to the Department of Finance. The views of the Minister will be considered by the 
Group in the context of the Board's responsibility for the assessment of credit risk and the Board's 
responsibility for the determination of a credit risk appetite but it is noted that the responsibility 
for individual lending decisions and the pricing of loans will remain with the Group. 
The Minister for Finance may from time to time specify any amendments to, or revoke or replace, the 
Amended Relationship Framework, provided that such amendments, revocations or replacements do not 
conflict with regulatory requirements. Any such amendment, revocation or replacement of the Amended 
Relationship Framework will be specified or made following consultation with the Group and upon the 
instruction, or with the agreement, of the Directorate-General for Competition of the European 
Commission, and once specified will be notified to the Group in writing. 
Shareholder co-operation agreement 
The Group materially completed the acquisition of Ulster Bank’s performing non-tracker residential 
mortgage business (€5.2bn of €6.2bn) on 7 November 2022 and entered into a shareholder co-operation 
agreement with NatWest Group plc and the Minister for Finance of Ireland in relation to a number of 
matters including orderly sale arrangements in relation to both the shares held by the Minister and the shares 
issued to RBS AA Holdings (UK) Limited, a subsidiary of NatWest Group plc. The shareholder cooperation 
agreement does not provide the Natwest Group with any direction or control rights or significant influence 
with regard to the business of the Group. 
Governmental, Legal or Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in Note 32 (Provisions) to the audited consolidated financial statements for PTSB 
Holdings for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022, there have been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuers are aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of PTSB Holdings, 
PTSB and/or the Group. 
Legacy legal cases 
As part of the agreement in August 2011 to dispose of Irish Life International Limited, the Group provided 
certain indemnities and warranties to the purchaser under a number of identified scenarios. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group has provisions of €23 million relating to legal, compliance and other 
costs in relation to legacy business issues (31 December 2021: €28 million). A provision of €8 million was 
made during 2022 relating to legal, compliance and other costs of on-going disputes in relation to legacy 
business issues. Management has exercised judgment in arriving at the estimated provision in respect of 
the potential liabilities. 
Other 
As at 31 December 2022, the provision of €53 million (31 December 2021: €21 million) primarily relates 
to Stamp Duty (€25 million) arising as a result of the Transaction. Other amounts include indemnities and 
guarantees provided by the Group, together with further costs, relating to the deleveraging of various asset 
portfolios.

--- Page 130 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Recent Developments 
In January 2023, the Group completed the transfer of 25 former Ulster Bank branches and on 13 February 
2023 completed the acquisition of the performing micro-SME (Business Direct) assets. The transfer of a 
further c.€900 million of performing non-tracker residual mortgages, along with the entire Lombard asset 
finance business, is expected to take place in Q2 2023. 
On 14 March 2023, Fitch assigned PTSB Holdings a long term issuer default rating of BB+ and PTSB a  
long term issuer default rating of BBB-.

--- Page 131 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor’s Member State country of residence and of the Issuers' Member State 
of incorporation might have an impact on the income received from the securities.  Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal 
and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in the jurisdictions 
mentioned below or elsewhere. It covers absolute beneficial owners of the Notes (including all amounts 
payable by the Issuer in respect of their Notes).  However it does not consider the taxation of certain classes 
of persons such as dealers in securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of 
such actions under the tax laws of those countries.  This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the 
date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
IRISH TAXATION 
Withholding Tax 
General withholding tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest (which would include any premium payable on a redemption of Notes). 
This withholding tax can also apply to any premium paid on Notes. However, there are two main potential 
withholding tax exemptions which may be available, depending on the circumstances. Certain other 
exemptions may also be available where the interest is paid to an individual (which generally requires 
certification of tax residence in a treaty partner jurisdiction and entitlement to exemption from Irish 
withholding tax under the terms of the relevant double tax treaty) or to a company resident in an EU member 
state (other than Ireland) or a country with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty and that country 
imposes a tax that would generally apply to such interest income. 
(a) 
Quoted Eurobond withholding tax exemption 
Firstly, an exemption from withholding on interest payments exists under Section 64 of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act, 1997 (the "1997 Act") for certain interest bearing securities issued by a body 
corporate (such as the Issuers) which are quoted on a recognised stock exchange (which would 
include Euronext Dublin) ("quoted Eurobonds"). 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
1. 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
2. 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
2.1 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are so recognised), or 
2.2 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially 
entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to the person 
by or through whom the payment is made in the prescribed form. 
Accordingly if Notes are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg interest on such Notes can be paid by the Issuers and any paying agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuers without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish 
income tax. Broadly, a recognised stock exchange is understood to mean a stock exchange in a 
jurisdiction which is regulated by the appropriate regulatory authority of that jurisdiction and has 
substantially the same level of recognition in that jurisdiction as Euronext Dublin has in Ireland. 
(b) 
Wholesale debt instrument exemption

--- Page 132 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Alternatively, if the conditions of the quoted Eurobond exemption are not met (e.g. if Notes are 
not quoted on a recognised stock exchange), interest can be paid free of withholding tax on certain 
securities ("wholesale debt instruments") issued by an Irish company, being debt instruments 
recognising an obligation to pay a stated amount, which are interest bearing (or issued at a discount 
or premium) and which mature within 2 years of issue. 
Any interest paid on a wholesale debt instrument can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
(a) 
the wholesale debt instrument is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are so recognised) and is of an approved denomination 
(minimum of €500,000, U.S.$500,000 or the equivalent of €500,000 in any other 
currency using the conversion rate applicable at the time the programme under which the 
instrument is to be issued is first publicised); or 
(b) 
the person who is beneficially entitled to the interest is resident in Ireland for tax purposes 
and has provided that person's tax reference number to the relevant Issuer; or 
(c) 
the beneficial owner of the wholesale debt instrument and the interest paid thereon is not 
resident in Ireland for tax purposes and has made the requisite declaration to the relevant 
Issuer. 
In addition to the foregoing an exemption is available in respect of interest paid by a bank (such as PTSB) 
carrying on a bona fide banking business in Ireland where such interest is paid in the ordinary course of its 
banking business. 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax ("DIRT") is a form of Irish withholding tax that applies at a rate of 33 per 
cent. to payments of interest made by "relevant deposit takers" as defined in the 1997 Act.  PTSB (but not 
PTSB Holdings) is a relevant deposit taker.  
However there is an exemption from this obligation to deduct DIRT from interest paid on Notes issued by 
PTSB which are listed on a stock exchange (which includes Euronext Dublin).   
Additionally in the event the Notes are not, or cease to be, listed on a stock exchange certain other statutory 
and concessional exemptions from DIRT may also be available.  
Exemptions are available where either the person beneficially entitled to the interest is (i) not resident in 
Ireland, (ii) a company within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest or (iii) an approved 
pension scheme, subject to an appropriate non-resident declaration in the case of (i) and appropriate tax 
reference number in the case of (ii) and (iii) being provided to PTSB.   
Similarly, PTSB will not be required to operate DIRT if the requirements of the wholesale debt instrument 
exemption set out above are met. 
Furthermore, a Revenue Commissioner concessional exemption may also be available subject to satisfying 
certain conditions including that as a matter of contract the Dealers undertake not to knowingly offer to sell 
the Notes to an Irish resident person or person whose usual place of abode is Ireland and do not knowingly 
distribute or cause to be distributed in Ireland offering material in connection with the Notes. 
Encashment tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent. from interest 
paid on any quoted Eurobond or wholesale debt instrument, where such interest is collected by a bank or 
other agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder who is Irish resident. 
Where a Noteholder (being the beneficial owner of the interest) is not resident for tax purposes in Ireland, 
encashment tax will not be deducted provided the bank or agent in Ireland has been furnished with the 
appropriate non-resident declaration.  In addition an exemption from encashment tax applies where the 
beneficial owner of the interest is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect 
of the interest.

--- Page 133 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on Notes free of withholding tax, the Noteholder 
may still be liable to pay Irish income tax. Interest paid on Notes may have an Irish source and therefore be 
within the charge to Irish income tax, social insurance contributions, the universal social charge and levies 
in the case of Noteholders that are Irish resident or ordinarily resident individuals.  In the case of 
Noteholders that are non-Irish resident and non-Irish ordinarily resident individuals such income may be 
within the charge to Irish income tax and the universal social charge. Ireland operates a self-assessment 
system in respect of income tax and any person, including a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily 
resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope. 
However, interest on Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is resident 
in a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a country with which Ireland has signed a 
double taxation agreement (which would include the US), provided in each case that the Notes are (a) 
quoted Eurobonds which are exempt from withholding tax or (b) wholesale debt instruments which are 
exempt from withholding tax, in each case as set out above. Other exemptions from Irish income tax may 
also be available where the recipient is resident in an EU member state (other than Ireland) or in a country 
with which Ireland has signed a double taxation agreement (and certain conditions are satisfied). 
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland 
through a branch or agency in respect of which Notes are held or attributed, may have a liability to Irish 
corporation tax on the interest. 
Noteholders receiving interest on Notes which do not fall within the foregoing exemptions may be liable 
to Irish income tax on such interest. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of Notes will be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of Notes unless such holder is 
neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch 
or agency in respect of which the Notes are used or held and where the Notes cease to be listed on a stock 
exchange such Notes do not derive their value or the greater part of their value directly or indirectly from 
Irish land, certain Irish mineral or exploration rights. 
The rate of capital gains tax is currently 33 per cent. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) 
the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in 
Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or 
that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland. Bearer notes are 
generally regarded as situated where they are physically located at any particular time. However Notes may 
be regarded as situated in Ireland regardless of their physical location as if they secure a debt due by an 
Irish resident debtor and/or if they are secured over Irish property. Accordingly, if such Notes are comprised 
in a gift or inheritance, the gift or inheritance may be within the charge to tax regardless of the residence 
status of the disponer or the donee/successor. 
However, to the extent that Notes are subject to inheritance tax in another jurisdiction, a measure of double 
taxation relief may be available if Ireland has a double taxation agreement with that country governing 
inheritance tax. Ireland has two such agreements, one with the US and the other with the UK. 
The rate of capital acquisitions tax is currently 33 per cent. 
Stamp Duty 
No Irish stamp duty will be payable on the issue of Notes. 
A transfer of a bearer instrument effected solely by delivery should not give rise to stamp duty. 
Alternatively, the transfer of Notes will be exempt from Irish stamp duty under the "loan capital" 
exemption, provided that the Notes:

--- Page 134 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
(i) 
do not carry a right of conversion into stocks or marketable securities (other than loan capital) of a 
company having a register in Ireland or into loan capital having such a right; 
(ii) 
do not carry rights of the same kind as shares in the capital of a company, including rights such as 
voting rights, a share in the profits or a share in the surplus on liquidation; 
(iii) 
are issued for a price which is not less than 90 per cent. of its nominal value (i.e. at a discount of 
not greater than 10 per cent.); and 
(iv) 
do not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to certain 
movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or 
marketable securities). 
Where the above exemptions (or any other available exemption) do not apply, the transfer of a Note will 
be subject to stamp duty at the rate of 1 per cent. of the consideration paid in respect of the transfer (or, if 
greater, the market value thereof), which must be paid in Euro by the transferee (assuming an arm's length 
transfer) within 30 days of the date on which the transfer of the Note is executed. 
Reporting 
Persons paying interest on Notes to, or receiving interest on Notes on behalf of, another person may be 
required to provide certain information to the Irish Revenue Commissioners regarding the identity of the 
payee (or person entitled to the interest) and the amount of the interest paid. 
Provision/Exchange of Information 
A Holder of the Notes agrees that the relevant Issuer and any other relevant party on its behalf may (i) 
request forms, self-certifications, documentation and any other information from such Holder of the Notes 
which the relevant Issuer may require in order for it to comply with its automatic exchange of information 
obligations under, for example, FATCA and/or the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"), (ii) provide any 
such information concerning the Holders of the Notes to the relevant tax authorities and (iii) take such other 
steps as they deem necessary to comply with its automatic exchange of information obligations under any 
applicable law.   
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The United States has enacted rules, commonly referred to as "FATCA," that generally impose a new 
reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain U.S. source payments (including dividends and 
interest) and certain payments made by entities that are classified as financial institutions under FATCA. 
The United States has entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding the implementation of 
FATCA with Ireland (the "Ireland IGA"). Under the Ireland IGA, payments made on or with respect to 
the Notes are not currently subject to withholding under FATCA.  However, significant aspects of when 
and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding under FATCA 
will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Notes in the future. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating

--- Page 135 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Automatic Exchange of Information 
Certain financial institutions, which may include either or both of the Issuers, may have reporting 
obligations in respect of Holders of the Notes under both FATCA and CRS.  Information relating to the 
Notes, their Holders and beneficial owners may be required to be provided to the Irish tax authorities in 
certain circumstances pursuant to the FATCA/CRS regimes. This may include (but is not limited to) 
information relating to the value of the Notes, amounts paid or credited with respect to the Notes and details 
of the Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes. In certain circumstances, the information obtained by the 
Irish tax authorities may be provided to tax authorities in other countries.

--- Page 136 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by either of the Issuers to any one or more of Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc ("Morgan Stanley"), and any further dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuers in 
respect of the Programme or any issue of the Notes (the "Dealers").  The arrangements under which Notes 
may from time to time be agreed to be sold by either of the Issuers to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set 
out in the Amended and Restated Programme Agreement dated 31 March 2023 (the "Programme 
Agreement") and made between the Issuers and Morgan Stanley.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes 
the method of distribution is an agreement between the relevant Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by such Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in 
the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that 
Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is 
an agreement between the relevant Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by such 
Issuer and subscribed  by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Syndicated" and the names of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which 
are material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that 
Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The 
Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S.   
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the

--- Page 137 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following:  
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking:  in relation to any Notes issued by PTSB Holdings having a maturity of less 
than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business;  and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by PTSB Holdings; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
relevant Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom.

--- Page 138 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, in the case of unlisted Notes, it will not knowingly offer to sell such Notes to an Irish resident, or to 
persons whose usual place of abode is Ireland, and that it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be 
distributed in Ireland any offering material in connection with such Notes. However, the foregoing shall 
not prohibit the Dealers (i) from selling, or offering to sell, to an Irish resident or ordinarily resident person, 
unlisted Notes where that person is either the Irish National Treasury Management Agency or a "relevant 
deposit taker" within the meaning of Section 256 of the Irish Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997, and is 
acquiring the unlisted Notes beneficially for its own account; or (ii) from selling or offering to sell, unlisted 
Notes to an Irish resident company where that company has provided its tax reference number. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) and it will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any 
conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank; 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made 
under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the European 
Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended) and any guidelines issued under Section 1363 
of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 on market abuse (as 
amended) the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and 
guidelines issued under Section 1370 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(e) 
it will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the 
Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended); and 
(f) 
no Notes issued by PTSB Holdings will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than one year 
except in full compliance with the Central Bank Notice BSD C 01/02. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for

--- Page 139 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
New Zealand 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: (1) it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Note; and (2) it will not distribute any offering circular or advertisement 
in relation to any offer of Notes, in New Zealand other than: 
(a) 
to "wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of Schedule 1 to the 
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (the "FMC Act"), being a person who is: 
(i) 
an "investment business"; 
 
(ii) 
"large"; or 
 
(iii) 
a "government agency", 
 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; and 
(b) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act, provided that (without 
limiting paragraph (a) above), Notes may not be offered or transferred to any "eligible investors" 
(as defined in the FMC Act) or any person that meets the investment activity criteria specified in 
clause 38 of Schedule 1 to the FMC Act. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the

--- Page 140 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers 
and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the 
applicable Subscription Agreement, Dealer accession letter or Dealer confirmation letter, as applicable.

--- Page 141 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment or subsequent update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme have been duly authorised pursuant to resolutions of (i) the Board of Directors of PTSB 
passed on 28 March 2023; and (ii) the Board of Directors of PTSB Holdings passed on 28 March 
2023. Each Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Save as disclosed under "Description of the Business of the Group – Governmental, Legal or 
Arbitration Proceedings", there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers are aware), which may 
have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of PTSB Holdings, PTSB and/or the Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of PTSB Holdings or the Group since 
31 December 2022. There has been no significant change in the financial performance of PTSB 
Holdings or the Group since 31 December 2022. 
4. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of PTSB since 31 December 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of PTSB since 31 December 
2021. 
Auditors 
5. 
The financial statements of PTSB Holdings in respect of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 have been audited without qualification in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (Ireland) by PricewaterhouseCoopers of One Spencer Dock, North Wall 
Quay, 
Dublin 
1, 
Ireland, 
chartered 
accountants 
and 
statutory 
audit 
firm 
("PricewaterhouseCoopers"). 
6. 
The financial statements of PTSB in respect of the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 have been audited without qualification in accordance with International Standards 
on Auditing (Ireland) by PricewaterhouseCoopers of One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, Dublin 
1, Ireland, chartered accountants and statutory audit firm. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Chartered Accountants and members of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in Ireland are independent of PTSB Holdings and PTSB in accordance with the ethical 
requirements applicable to their audit of their financial statements in Ireland, including the ethical 
standards of the Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority (IAASA). 
Documents on Display 
7. 
Copies 
of 
the 
following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/investors/debt-investors/unsecured-funding for 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the memorandum and articles of association of each Issuer (as the same may be updated 
from time to time); 
(b) 
the PTSB Holdings Financial Statements; 
(c) 
the PTSB Financial Statements; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement;  
(e) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of Notes in global and definitive form); and

--- Page 142 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
(f) 
the Class 1 Circular. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance 
together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
9. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of 
Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of 
the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date 
in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. The yield of each Tranche of 
Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an 
annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers 
10. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuers and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of PTSB Holdings is 635400DTNHVYGZODKQ93. The Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) of PTSB is 549300WL1M55G8FIDZ68. 
Issuers' website 
12. 
The Issuers' website is https://www.permanenttsbgroup.ie/.  Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
13. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 143 ---
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS 
 
Permanent TSB Group Holdings p.l.c. 
56‐59 St Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
Tel: +353 (0)1 669 5000 
 
permanent tsb p.l.c. 
56‐59 St Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
Tel: +353 (0)1 669 5000 
 
ARRANGER and DEALER 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 4QA  
United Kingdom 
 
TRUSTEE 
 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor, 
100 Bishopsgate 
EC2N 4AG 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuers as to English Law: 
To the Dealers as to  
English Law: 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Issuers as to Irish Law: 
 
A&L Goodbody LLP 
3 Dublin Landings 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
One Spencer Dock 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland