--- Page 1 ---
10235768220-v29 
 
36-41038800 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 24 October 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Pernod Ricard 
(a société anonyme established with limited liability in the Republic of France) 
 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC 
(a limited liability company established under the laws of the State of Delaware) 
 
€7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
 
benefiting, in the case of Notes issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC, from the full, 
unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of Pernod Ricard 
 
Under the €7,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Pernod Ricard 
("Pernod Ricard") and Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC ("PRIF" and, together with Pernod Ricard, the "Issuers" and, each, in relation to the Notes (as 
defined below) issued by it, an "Issuer") subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the 
"Notes") fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, in the case of Notes issued by PRIF, by Pernod Ricard (the "Guarantor") denominated in any currency 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed €7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
Notes issued by PRIF will be governed by English law (the "English Law Notes"). Notes issued by Pernod Ricard will be governed by French law (the "French 
Law Notes"). The terms and conditions of the English Law Notes (the "English Law Conditions") are set out herein in the section headed "Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes" and the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes (the "French Law Conditions") are set out herein in the section headed "Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes" (the English Law Conditions and the French Law Conditions together, the "Terms and Conditions" or the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note Certificate will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to an English 
Law Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the English Law Notes while in Global Form" below. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified on page 2 and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus 
to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
for such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as may be 
amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in 
France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French Code monétaire et financier, and received the AMF 
approval no. 22-421 on 24 October 2022. The AMF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus of Pernod Ricard dated 11 October 2021. 
Application will be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading during the period of twelve (12) months from the date 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU as amended ("EU MiFID II") (a 
"Regulated Market"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing or trading on a Regulated Market or 
to be admitted to listing or trading on such other Regulated Market as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of 
any Notes (the "Final Terms"), a form of which is contained herein, will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading, and, if so, the 
relevant Regulated Market. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other specific terms and conditions 
(which are permitted by Article 26 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended or superseded, to be included in the relevant final terms) 
not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be set forth in the Final Terms (as defined below) which, with respect 
to Notes to be admitted to trading, will be delivered to Euronext Paris before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the issue date), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant monetary authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.

--- Page 2 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 2 - 
36-41038800 
 
Each Tranche of English Law Notes, will be issued in registered form (the "Registered Notes") and will be represented by either (i) individual note certificates in 
registered form (the "Individual Note Certificates") or (ii) one or more global note certificates (the "Global Note Certificate(s)"). If the relevant Final Terms 
specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each 
Noteholder in respect of their respective holdings. If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Note Certificate exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Note Certificates each of which will be exchangeable in whole, 
but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Note Certificate", then: 
(i) in the case of any Global Note Certificate, if Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking, SA ("Clearstream") or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business 
and (ii) in any case, if any of the circumstances described in the English Law Condition (as defined herein) 11 (Events of Default) occurs. Each Note represented 
by a Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary. 
Each Tranche of French Law Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as 
more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of Pernod Ricard, be in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title" of the French Law 
Conditions) including Euroclear and the depositary bank for Clearstream or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with 
Pernod Ricard or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for Pernod Ricard, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest 
coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be 
exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the 
fortieth calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised 
Notes" below) upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a 
clearing system, be deposited as agreed between Pernod Ricard and the relevant Dealer (as defined above). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Pernod Ricard's long-term debt has been assigned a rating of BBB+/A2 (with stable outlook) by Standard & Poor's Ratings 
Services ("S&P") and Baa1/P2 (with stable outlook) by Moody's Investors Service LLC ("Moody's"). The Programme is currently unrated. The Notes issued 
under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. Where Notes are rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P are credit rating agencies established in the European Economic Area, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) on credit rating agencies ("EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). Neither 
Moody's nor S&P are established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been 
withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
See "Risk Factors" below for a discussion of certain factors which should be considered by prospective investors in connection with an investment in the 
Notes. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Conditions" or a numbered "Condition" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below. This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference are available on the websites of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) (except for the PRIF 2022 Annual Report and the PRIF 2021 Annual Report) and Pernod Ricard (www.pernod-ricard.com). 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) months after its approval by the AMF, until 
24 October 2023, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence 
of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by 
reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Arranger 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
Dealers  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA SECURITIES 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
J.P. MORGAN 
NATIXIS 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 3 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 3 - 
36-41038800 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto published from time to time (each a "Supplement" and together 
the "Supplements")) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to each Issuer, the Guarantor, Pernod Ricard and its consolidated 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group") and the Notes and the Guarantee which, according to the particular nature of each 
Issuer and the Notes, which is material to any investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of each Issuer, the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme and the Guarantee. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any Supplements hereto and with any information incorporated 
by reference herein or therein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall, save as specified herein, be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, none of them makes 
any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility or liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the 
Notes or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the Notes or 
their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any other information supplied 
by the Issuers and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the Notes (including any Supplements) and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (i) is intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation or constituting an 
invitation or offer by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, of the Guarantor. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes constitutes 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for 
or to purchase any Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning each of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published financial 
statements of the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme and the offer, sale and 
delivery of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Neither the Issuers, the Guarantor, nor the Arranger or the 
Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus, any Supplement or any Final Terms may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, no action has been taken by either the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Supplement or any Final Terms in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any advertisement and/or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers 
have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, any Supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any Notes come are required by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below. 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been or will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the 
Notes may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the "Regulation S")). See "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 4 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 4 - 
36-41038800 
 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the determination of the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will have to be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each Series (as defined herein) about whether, for 
the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID 
Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers are not manufacturers for the purposes of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ("EEA") RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended "EU MiFID II") or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors (as defined above) in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any such retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM ("UK") RETAIL INVESTORS –  The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on 
immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes 
pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). The relevant Issuer 
will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 
309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes 
of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
CANADA - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions

--- Page 5 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 5 - 
36-41038800 
 
and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies 
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by 
the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-
105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with this offering. Also see "Subscription and Sale" – Canada. 
Second Party Opinions, SPO Provider and External Verifier 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, Pernod Ricard has requested, and may request in 
the future, a provider of second party opinions (the "SPO Provider") to issue a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") 
or a revised Second Party Opinion in relation to Pernod Ricard sustainability-linked financing framework (the "Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is 
not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement 
of fact. The Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by Pernod Ricard, the Arranger or the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. In addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
under the Programme, Pernod Ricard may also engage one or more external verifier to carry out the relevant assessments required for 
the purposes of providing an Assurance Report and an SPT Verification Assurance Certificate (each as defined in French Law 
Condition 5(f)(iii)) (Reporting of Sustainability Performance Targets). Any Second Party Opinion, any Assurance Reports and any 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate will be accessible through Pernod Ricard's website by clicking here. However, any information 
on, or accessible through, such website and the information in such Second Party Opinion or any past or future Assurance Reports or 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificates do not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus and should not 
be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. In 
addition, no assurance or representation is given by Pernod Ricard, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the SPO Provider or any External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under 
the Programme. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any member of the Group, 
the Arranger or the Dealers for the contents of any such opinion, certification or verification. Any such opinion, report or 
certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes 
None of Pernod Ricard, the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any Notes issued 
as Sustainability-Linked Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, there is currently no clear definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "sustainability-linked" or an equivalently labelled 
financial instrument. Legislative and non-governmental developments in respect of sustainable finance are numerous and continue to 
evolve, and such legislation, taxonomies, standards or other investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to the sustainability-linked objectives, may determine that such Notes do not 
qualify under such legislation, taxonomy, standard or other investment criteria 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by Pernod 
Ricard, the Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 6 - 
36-41038800 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............. 7 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................................................... 13 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ....................................................................................................................................... 26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................................... 28 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ......................................................................................... 35 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ................. 59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES .......................................................................................... 61 
FRENCH LAW TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ................................................................................................. 94 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE ............................................................................................................................... 95 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................................................. 96 
DESCRIPTION OF PERNOD RICARD ................................................................................................................................. 97 
DESCRIPTION OF PERNOD RICARD INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LLC ..................................................................... 98 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................................. 99 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................................. 101 
OTHER INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 110 
US TAXATION..................................................................................................................................................................... 113 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................................. 115 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................ 121 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................... 125

--- Page 7 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 7 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in 
this general description. 
Issuers: 
Pernod Ricard 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC 
Guarantor  
Pernod Ricard 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issue of Notes to 
be governed by either English law or French law.  
Notes issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC will be governed by 
English law (the "English Law Notes"). Notes issued by Pernod Ricard will be 
governed by French law (the "French Law Notes"). 
English Law Notes will benefit from the full, unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee of Pernod Ricard.  
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Natixis 
 
Société Générale 
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale" 
below), the appointment of any Dealer may be terminated or further Dealers 
appointed for a particular Tranche of Notes or as Dealers under the Programme. 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency or distributed in a jurisdiction in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent and Calculation Agent:  
Société Générale Luxembourg in relation to the English Law Notes and Société 
Générale, France in relation to the French Law Notes. 
Redenomination 
Agent 
and 
Consolidation Agent: 
Any financial services institution appointed by the Issuer and identified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to the English Law Notes and Société Générale, 
France in relation to the French Law Notes. 
Size: 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at any 
time. The amount of the Programme may be increased in accordance with the terms 
of the Dealer Agreement. 
Final Terms: 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
and associated final terms ("Final Terms"). 
 
The Final Terms relating to a particular Tranche of Notes will complete the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
Distribution: 
Notes may be offered to institutional investors by way of placements on a non-
syndicated or syndicated basis.

--- Page 8 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 8 - 
36-41038800 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions, such currencies as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, 
Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, Euro, Hong Kong dollars, 
Japanese yen, New Zealand dollars, Norwegian kroner, Renminbi, South African 
rand, Sterling, Swedish kronor, Swiss francs and United States dollars (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
English Law Notes 
Each Tranche of English Law Notes, will be issued in registered form (the 
"Registered Notes") and will be represented by either (i) individual note certificates 
in registered form (the "Individual Note Certificate(s)") or (ii) one or more global 
note certificates (the "Global Note Certificate(s)").  
French Law Notes 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
 
Each Tranche of French Law Notes issued as Dematerialised Notes may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title" of the French Law 
Conditions. 
 
Each Tranche of French Law Notes issued as Materialised Notes, may be issued in 
bearer materialised form only. A temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially 
in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be 
issued outside France. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denomination and Title" of the French Law Conditions below. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes may be issued with a "Sustainability Interest Step-Up Option", if 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in which case the Notes 
will be Sustainability-Linked Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, Sustainability-
Linked Notes can only be issued by Pernod Ricard.  
If a Sustainability Trigger Event has occurred as at any Target Observation Date 
falling prior to any Interest Step-Up Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, in relation to the Interest Period ending on such Interest 
Step-Up Payment Date, will be the Existing Rate of Interest increased by the Step-
Up specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 9 - 
36-41038800 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) and 
on redemption. 
 
Interest will be calculated on the basis of the Fixed Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate determined either: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest-rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
(published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) 
or the FBF Definitions (as published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française), each as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; or 
 
(b) 
by reference to EURIBOR or any other interest rate benchmark specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and as adjusted for any applicable 
margin or any successor or alternative reference rate. 
The Minimum Interest Rate shall not be less than zero. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Benchmark Event 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as defined in English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) or 
French Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark Event)) the relevant Issuer will as 
soon as reasonably practicable appoints a Reference Rate Determination Agent (as 
defined in English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) or French Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) 
(Benchmark Event)), which will determine a successor or alternative reference rate, 
the related adjustment and/or amendments to the terms of the relevant Series of 
Notes are further described in English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) or French Law 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark Event)). 
Other 
provisions 
relating 
to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate 
or both (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as selected prior 
to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates specified in, or determined pursuant to, the relevant Final 
Terms and will be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable until conversion to floating rate of interest (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) at which point floating rate interest will be 
payable. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate either that the Notes 
of such Tranche cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders, upon giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice (or such other 
notice period (if any) as is indicated in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such terms as are indicated in the relevant Final Terms. The Final 
Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will also indicate whether the relevant 
Issuer has a clean-up call option and/or a pre-maturity call option and/or an 
acquisition event call opinion. 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer in the United

--- Page 10 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 10 - 
36-41038800 
 
Kingdom and having a maturity of less than one year, (a) shall have a redemption 
value of not less than £100,000 (or an amount of equivalent value denominated 
wholly or partly in a currency other than sterling), and (b) no part of any such Note 
may be transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 
(or such equivalent amount). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem, in 
whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their stated maturity, 
at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Denominations: 
Without prejudice to the terms of the immediately following paragraph, Notes will 
be issued in such denominations as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, save that 
all Notes, including Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, shall have a minimum specified denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), or such higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant monetary authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer in the United 
Kingdom and having a maturity of less than one year, (a) shall have a redemption 
value of not less than £100,000 (or an amount of equivalent value denominated 
wholly or partly in a currency other than sterling), and (b) no part of any such Note 
may be transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 
(or such equivalent amount). 
Taxation: 
 
 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer in respect 
of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within (i) France in the case 
of French Law Notes issued by Pernod Ricard or in respect of payment made under 
the Guarantee in the case of English Law Notes issued by Pernod Ricard 
International Finance LLC or (ii) the United States in case of English Law Notes 
issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC, or in each case any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any 
French Law Note or Coupon or payment under the Guarantee be subject to 
deductions or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties 
whatsoever, Pernod Ricard (as Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be) will, to the 
fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, subject to such exceptions as are further set out in French 
Law Condition 8 (Taxation). 
If United States law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect 
of any English Law Note be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, Pernod Ricard International Finance 
LLC will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts 
as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, subject to 
such exceptions as are further set out in English Law Condition 9 (Taxation). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further described 
in French Law Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) or in English Law Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the Notes as set in 
French Law Condition 10 (Events of Default) or in English Law Condition 11 
(Events of Default).

--- Page 11 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 11 - 
36-41038800 
 
Status of the Notes: 
The principal and interest of the Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons 
constitute direct, unsubordinated and (subject to French Law Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge) or English Law Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the 
relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under 
applicable law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Status of the Guarantee  
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct 
unsubordinated and (subject to English Law Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to 
time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
Rating: 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Pernod Ricard's long-term debt has been 
assigned a rating of BBB+/A2 (with stable outlook) by Standard & Poor's Ratings 
Services ("S&P") and Baa1/P2 (with stable outlook) by Moody's Investors Service 
("Moody's"). The Programme is currently unrated. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (as defined below) unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P are credit rating agencies established 
in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) on credit rating agencies ("EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-ratingagencies/ 
risk). 
Neither 
Moody's nor S&P are established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been endorsed 
by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been 
withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris. The Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading 
on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer, and the relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. Unlisted Notes may also be 
issued. The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will state whether or not 
and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) the Notes are to be listed and admitted to 
trading. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC will be governed by 
English law. The Notes issued by Pernod Ricard will be governed by French law. 
The full, unconditional and irrevocable Guarantee granted by Pernod Ricard in 
respect of Notes issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC will be 
governed by English law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in 
relation to Materialised Notes and Registered Notes, Euroclear and Clearstream or 
any other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes  
English Law Notes 
On or about the issue date for each Tranche of Registered Notes, the Global Note 
Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be registered in the name of a

--- Page 12 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 12 - 
36-41038800 
 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any 
other relevant clearing system.  
 
French Law Notes  
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised Notes: 
No later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the application form relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
 
Initial Delivery of Materialised Notes: 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, the European Economic 
Area, the United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Italy, Switzerland, Japan, Hong 
Kong, the PRC and Singapore. See "Subscription and Sale" herein. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Unless otherwise specified in any relevant Final Terms, in particular the use of 
proceeds for acquisition consideration, the net proceeds from the issue of any Notes, 
after deduction of any management and underwriting commissions, any selling 
concessions and, when relevant, the expenses incurred in connection with the issue 
of any Notes, will be used by the Group for general financing and corporate 
purposes.

--- Page 13 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 13 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Programme and as relevant, the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. All 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuers and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes issued under the Programme but the Issuers may not have identified at the date of this Base Prospectus all risks 
which may be considered in the future as likely to have a significant negative impact on the Issuers' business, financial situation 
and results, their perspectives, their development or securities, and the Issuers and the Guarantor do not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding the Notes issued under the Programme are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors have been presented in a 
limited number of categories depending on their nature. The risks which the Issuers and the Guarantor consider to be the most 
material are set out first in each category, with the remaining risk factors in each category set out in descending order of 
materiality (and in no particular order of importance between categories).  
References in this Risk Factors section to other defined terms are to the terms as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as the case may be. Any references to the 'Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes' shall be read as referring to both the English Law Notes and the French Law Notes, unless it can 
be implied or is expressly stated otherwise. Similarly, any references to a 'Condition' shall be read as referring to such 
Condition in both the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms of Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
unless it can be implied or is expressly stated otherwise. 
Words and expressions defined in the other sections of this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this section. 
1. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuers and the Guarantor  
The risk factors relating to the Issuers and the Guarantor are limited to those that are specific to the Issuers and the Guarantor 
and material to an informed investor's decision to invest in the Notes. In assessing the materiality of each risk, the Issuers and 
the Guarantor have considered their potential impact and the potentiality of their occurrence taking into account the control 
measures to limit the impact and the probability of such risks on the Issuers and the Guarantor. 
(A) 
Risks relating to Pernod Ricard as Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be 
The risks relating to Pernod Ricard are set out on pages 104 to 108, 165 to 186, 236 to 237 and 247 to 248 of the 
2022 Universal Registration Document (as defined in section "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and include 
the following: 
• 
Risks relating to business activities (including risks relating to geopolitical and macroeconomic instability, 
pressure on prices and margins, cyberattack, fast changing consumer behaviors, talent management, 
negative media coverage, supply chain disruptions, S&R strategy and fraud); 
• 
Industrial and environmental risks (including, loss of major site/strategic inventory, toxic contamination, 
climate change and environmental damage, product quality issues and health and safety risk); 
• 
Legal and regulatory risks (including regulatory changes (business ethics, taxes and levies), anti-alcohol 
environment and regulations, counterfeiting/IP rights and major litigation); and 
• 
Financial risks (including FX, interest rate and credit and pensions). 
(B) 
Risks relating to Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC as Issuer

--- Page 14 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 14 - 
36-41038800 
 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC is a special purpose financing company which will depend on 
payments by Subsidiaries of Pernod Ricard (as defined below) to provide it with funds to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC was formed as a special purpose financing company to raise funds in the 
capital markets or bank markets, including by means of issuance of Notes, to lend the proceeds thereof to Subsidiaries 
of Pernod Ricard. Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC will lend, by way of inter-company loans, substantially 
all proceeds from the issuance of the Notes to Subsidiaries of Pernod Ricard (as such term is defined under English 
Law Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)). It has no independent business operations, no subsidiaries and no employees. 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC's material liabilities will be the Notes and any other financings made by it 
including as described in the section headed "Recent Developments" of this Base Prospectus. As a consequence, 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC will be dependent upon payments from Subsidiaries of Pernod Ricard 
under such inter-company loans for the payment of interest, fees and expenses due under the Notes. Accordingly, 
the ultimate risk under the Notes issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC will remain on Pernod Ricard 
as Guarantor of Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC. Investors should consider carefully the risk factors 
regarding Pernod Ricard set out in this Base Prospectus, as a deterioration of the creditworthiness of Pernod Ricard 
could negatively impact the Noteholders, who may lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes.  
2. 
Risk factors associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
Factors which the Issuers and the Guarantor believes are specific to the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. 
(A) 
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
The following risk factors apply to the Notes issued by Pernod Ricard and to the Notes issued by Pernod Ricard 
International Finance LLC benefiting from the Guarantee of Pernod Ricard, except as otherwise indicated below. 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, on the 
Guarantor. Since (a) the Notes issued by Pernod Ricard are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of Pernod 
Ricard, benefiting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability 
of Pernod Ricard to pay any amount due under the Notes and (b) the Notes issued by Pernod Ricard International 
Finance LLC are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC, benefiting 
from the full, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of Pernod Ricard, consequently the ultimate credit risk under 
the Notes will remain on Pernod Ricard either as Issuer or as Guarantor. Pernod Ricard's long-term debt has been 
assigned a rating of BBB+/A2 (with stable outlook) by S&P and Baa1/P2 (with stable outlook) by Moody's. 
The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable (as 
may be impacted, in each case, by the risks related to such Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable, as described 
above). If the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, or the Guarantor, if applicable, deteriorates, the potential impact 
on the Noteholders could be significant: a deterioration in creditworthiness could give rise to negative repercussions 
on the Noteholders because (i) such Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, may not be able to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all or part 
of their investment. 
Insolvency laws 
Notes issued by Pernod Ricard will be subject to the risks associated with French insolvency law and EU 
Restructuring Directive 
French Insolvency Law and EU Restructuring Directive 
Pernod Ricard is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that Pernod Ricard becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, 
where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt 
and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been implemented into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 
dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws 
in particular with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings.

--- Page 15 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 15 - 
36-41038800 
 
According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall 
be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring 
plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient community of interest based on verifiable criteria.  
As any other affected parties, the holders of notes (including the Noteholders) would be grouped into one or several 
classes (potentially with other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote could be overridden by a cross-class cram 
down. Holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly, meaning that they do not benefit from a specific veto power on restructuring plans. Instead, as 
any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types 
of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden: (i) by a cram down inside their class if grouped 
with other creditors; or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes. These measures came into force on 1 October 
2021 but are not applicable to proceedings pending on the day of their entry into force. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against Pernod Ricard would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of the French Law Notes issued by Pernod Ricard and of the English Law Notes issued by Pernod 
Ricard International Finance LLC as they would benefit from the guarantee of Pernod Ricard. As a consequence, 
any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all 
or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
Notes issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC will be subject to the risks associated with the federal 
insolvency laws of the United States 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC is organized as a limited liability company and has its corporate seat in 
Delaware. In the event that Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings 
will be generally governed by the federal insolvency laws of the United States. The federal insolvency laws of the 
United States may be different from the insolvency laws of an investor's home jurisdiction and the treatment and 
ranking of holders of Notes issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC and Pernod Ricard International 
Finance LLC's other creditors and shareholders under the federal insolvency laws of the United States may be 
different from the treatment and ranking of holders of those Notes and Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC's 
other creditors and shareholders if Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC was subject to the insolvency laws of 
the investor's home jurisdiction. In particular, if Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC becomes subject to a 
reorganization or liquidation proceeding under Title 11 of the U.S. Code (the "U.S. Bankruptcy Code"), it cannot 
be predicted whether any distribution from Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC in respect of the Notes would 
be made or by how long such distribution, if any, might be delayed. As a result of the foregoing, the commencement 
of an insolvency proceeding in respect of Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC and the application of the federal 
insolvency laws of the United States could have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and 
Noteholders of a particular Series issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
No direct access to subsidiaries' cash flows or assets 
Pernod Ricard is a holding company. Investors will not have any direct claims on the cash flows or the assets of 
Pernod Ricard's subsidiaries, and such subsidiaries have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due 
under the Notes or to make funds available to Pernod Ricard for these payments. As a result the Noteholders will 
only rely on Pernod Ricard's cash flows or assets to obtain payment under the Notes and, should Pernod Ricard 
become insolvent, lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
No limitation on issuing debt and limited restrictive covenants 
There is no restriction in the Notes on the amount of debt which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or their 
Subsidiaries may incur. Any such further debt may reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders upon 
liquidation or insolvency of the relevant Issuer and as applicable of the Guarantor. As contemplated in the English 
Law Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) or the French Law Condition 4 (Negative Pledge), the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes contain a negative pledge that prohibits the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and their Principal Subsidiaries 
in certain circumstances from creating security over assets, but only to the extent that such is used to secure other 
bonds or similar listed (or capable of being listed) debt securities on a regulated market or another assimilated market 
and there are certain exceptions to the negative pledge. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any 
other covenants restricting the operations of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, or its ability to distribute dividends 
or buy back shares. The relevant Issuer's or Guarantor's Subsidiaries are not bound by obligations of the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor under the Notes and are not guarantors of the Notes. These limited restricted covenants and 
the absence of limitation of issuing further debt may not provide sufficient protection for Noteholders which could 
materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and increase the risk of losing all or part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Changes of law may occur in the future that will impact the conditions of the Notes

--- Page 16 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 16 - 
36-41038800 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on and governed by English law or French law, as applicable, and, 
the Guarantee when applicable, is governed by English law as in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any 
possible judicial decision or change in English law or French law, as applicable, or administrative practice (or to the 
interpretation thereof) after the date of this Base Prospectus may have an impact on the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. Any such decision or change could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. 
If any change in law were unfavourable to Pernod Ricard, Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC or the 
Noteholders, it could have an adverse or a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes (depending on 
the nature of the change) and could have potentially serious negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment 
in the Notes. The risk of changes in law is higher for Notes with longer maturities. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
French Law Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders) or English Law Condition 14 (Meetings of Holders, modification 
and waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders of 
French Law Notes will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be automatically grouped for the defence of their 
common interests in a Masse, as defined in French Law Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders). Noteholders of both 
English Law Notes or French Law Notes can adopt measures either through a general meeting (the "General 
Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written Resolutions") or, in the case of English 
Law Notes held in the form of Global Note Certificate, by electronic consent (an "Electronic Consent"). 
As set out in French Law Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders) and in English Law Condition 14 (Meetings of Holders, 
modification and waiver), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Resolution or who did not 
participate in an Electronic Consent. Noteholders may be asked to decide on any proposal relating to the modification 
of the Terms and Conditions by way of Collective Decisions, as more fully described in French Law Condition 13 
(Meetings of Holders) or an Extraordinary Resolution, as more fully described in English Law Condition 14 
(Meetings of Holders, modification and waiver). 
It is possible that a majority of Noteholders could adopt measures through a General Meeting or by way of a Written 
Resolution that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of the 
Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily or permanently or by amending the financial 
conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for Noteholders. These amendments could in turn have the effect of 
reducing the market value of the Notes. 
The Issuer of English Law Notes may be substituted by the Issuer at its discretion 
In the case of any English Law Notes issuance, Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC, may at any time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the English Law Notes, the Guarantor 
or any Subsidiary (the "Substitute") pursuant to English Law Condition 14(c). Such Condition provides for certain 
conditions to be met before substitution can take place, including, but not limited to, such substitution not having a 
significant adverse effect on the interests of Noteholders, the continuing applicability of the Guarantee (other than 
in respect of the Guarantor being the Substitute), a tax indemnity in the event that a Noteholder suffers a loss as a 
result of the Substitute being incorporated in a different jurisdiction to that of the original Issuer and the provision 
of legal opinions addressed to the holders of such English Law Notes confirming that the substitution and the 
documentation entered into in relation thereto is valid, legally binding and enforceable. While the ultimate credit 
risk under such Notes will remain with Pernod Ricard either as a Guarantor or Substitute, if a Substitute is eventually 
found not to be creditworthy, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the English Law Notes.  
(B) 
Risks related to the market generally 
Market value of the Notes 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market 
as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. The market value of the Notes will be affected by a number of factors, 
including the value of the reference rates, yields, the time remaining to the maturity date and the creditworthiness of 
the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, of the Guarantor (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term 
debt of Pernod Ricard has been assigned a rating of BBB+/A2 (with stable outlook) by S&P and Baa1/P2 (with 
stable outlook) by Moody's.  
The value of the Notes or the reference rates depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, 
financial and political events and factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext Paris and/or any other 
Regulated Market or the stock exchanges on which the Notes or the reference rates are traded. The price at which a 
Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the

--- Page 17 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 17 - 
36-41038800 
 
issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, the adverse impact of this risk on the 
Noteholder would be very significant as all or a substantial part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be 
lost upon any transfer of the Notes. 
Risks related to the secondary market 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market 
as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. The Notes may have no established trading market when issued and an 
active trading market for the Notes may not develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of 
liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the 
investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the 
Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the 
Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect 
the market value of the Notes. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to buy the Notes, as described in the English Law Condition 8(i) (Purchases) and the 
French Law Condition 7(j) (Purchases), and the relevant Issuer may issue further notes, as described in English Law 
Condition 16 (Further Issues and Consolidation) and French Law Condition 15 (Further Issues and Consolidation). 
Such transactions may adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are 
introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each a "Specified Currency", as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified 
Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities or financial 
statements are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency or central bank interventions in the 
relevant currency markets) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and 
political events over which the relevant Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If such risk were to materialise, the 
Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent principally in a currency or currency unit other 
than the relevant Specified Currency could be very negatively impacted as they might receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or at worst, no interest or principal. 
(C) 
Risks related to the structure and the characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for the issuance of a wide range of Notes with varying structures and features. Such structures 
and features may present particular risks for potential investors. A description of the most material risks associated 
with such structures and features is set out below: 
Interest rate risks 
Risks related to Fixed Rate Notes 
English Law Condition 6(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) or French Law Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Fixed Rate 
Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a fixed interest rate note is fixed during the life of such a note or during a certain 
period of time, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. 
As the market interest rate changes, the price of such note changes in the opposite direction. If the market interest 
rate increases, the price of such note typically falls, until the yield of such note is approximately equal to the market

--- Page 18 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 18 - 
36-41038800 
 
interest rate. If the market interest rate decreases, the price of a fixed rate note typically increases, until the yield of 
such note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. Noteholders should be aware that movements of the 
market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and could cause Noteholders to lose part of the capital 
invested if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of the 
Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market 
to lose part of their initial investment. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that the market interest rate typically varies 
on a daily basis, as mentioned above.  
Risks related to Floating Rate Notes 
English Law Condition 6(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or French Law Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes 
which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the 
case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but 
there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three 
months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. The market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced 
by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any 
such volatility may negatively impact the yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to reinvestment risk. 
If the Final Terms provide for several interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market 
interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
Where, pursuant to English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or French Law Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify 
that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", investors should be aware that such 
"benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and 
market value of and return on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") which was published in the European official 
journal on 29 June 2016 and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") took effect on 1 January 
2021 but effectively encapsulates post-Brexit (and pending and future amendments) the provisions of EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation apply to "contributors", "administrators" and 
"users" of "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) in the EU and the UK respectively, and will, among other things, 
(i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in 
relation to the administration of "benchmarks" (or, if non-EU based or non-UK based, to be subject to equivalent 
requirements) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that 
are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a direct impact on any Notes linked 
to a "benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or an index deemed to be a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if 
its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU or non-UK 
jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional 
provisions do not apply; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the "benchmark".

--- Page 19 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 19 - 
36-41038800 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
"benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a significant adverse effect on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) 
if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies pursuant to French Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(A) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) or English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(A) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or French Law 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) respectively, be relying upon the provision by reference 
banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to English Law Condition 
6(b)(ii)(B)(Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or French Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period for which the benchmark was available.  
The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 12 February 2021 and applies since 13 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation"). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or winddown of certain 
benchmarks by conferring on the Commission or competent national authorities the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial 
instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain 
either no contractual replacement (or so-called "fallback provision") or a fallback provision which is deemed 
unsuitable by the Commission or competent national authorities. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision 
included in Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which 
significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended 
to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative 
impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing 
such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark.  
In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks 
until the end of 2023 and empowered the Commission to further extend this transitional period until the end of 2025, 
if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements 
arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes 
linked to a "benchmark".

--- Page 20 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 20 - 
36-41038800 
 
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
Where Screen Rate Determination is used as the method to calculate the Rate of Interest in respect of Notes linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark" pursuant to English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes ) or 
French Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), certain fallback arrangements set out in English 
Law Condition 6(b)(ii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or French Law Condition 5(b)(ii) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes) will apply if a Benchmark Event occurs. This includes scenarios where an inter-bank offered rate (such 
as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, become 
unavailable, or if the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer lawfully permitted to calculate interest on 
any such Notes under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Replacement Reference 
Rate (as defined in English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark Event) or French Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) 
(Benchmark Event), with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or 
negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of 
the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of such Notes to ensure the 
proper operation of the successor or alternative reference rate, all as determined by the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent (as defined in English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark Event) or French Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) 
(Benchmark Event). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any Replacement Reference Rate. In 
addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of such Notes which are made in order to give effect to any Replacement 
Reference Rate. 
In certain circumstances, and as specified in English Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark Event) or French Law 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark Event), the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no 
Replacement Reference Rate is determined, may be that the rate of interest for such Interest Period be based on the 
last relevant Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page which applied for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). This ultimate fallback 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest to Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
The effective conversion into Fixed Rate Notes may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes 
as the fixed rate of interest may be lower than the rate of interest usually applicable to such Notes. In the event of 
the application of a fixed rate of interest, the Noteholders would not be able to benefit from any potentially favourable 
prevailing market conditions. 
It is possible that, if a Benchmark Event occurs, it will take some time before a clear successor or alternative reference 
rate is established in the market. Accordingly, English Law Conditions 6(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark Event) or French 
Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark Event) provides as a further fallback that, following the designation of a 
Replacement Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that the Replacement Reference 
Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor reference rate, the relevant Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which 
may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming 
the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with English 
Law Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark Event) or French Law Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark Event). If the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement 
Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged despite the fact that it may no longer 
be substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or that it may no longer constitute an industry accepted rate, which 
may have a negative effect on the market value and yield of the Notes. 
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or a very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution 
and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, 
given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative reference rates and the involvement of a 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time and the Replacement Reference Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Reference Rate. 
Any change or adjustment applied to any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" may not adequately 
compensate for this impact. Investors should note that the Reference Rate Determination Agent will have discretion 
to adjust the Replacement Reference Rate in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected consequences and could, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, be unfavourable to the 
Noteholders. This could in turn have quite a negative impact on the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the 
affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Rate 
may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with 
instruments tied to the Replacement Reference Rate.

--- Page 21 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 21 - 
36-41038800 
 
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and yield on, any such Floating 
Rate Notes or have other significant adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
Risks related to Fixed to Floating Rates Notes 
English Law Condition 6(e) (Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) or French Law Condition 5(e) (Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes) allows the relevant Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted to a floating rate 
of interest and vice versa. Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect 
to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate. Such interest rate conversion may take place either automatically or at 
the option of the relevant Issuer on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Issuer's ability to 
convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the relevant Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes as well as 
lead to the materialisation of the risk described under "Risks related to Floating Rate Notes". 
Risks related to Zero Coupon Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued without interest accruing, English Law Condition 6 (Interest) or 
French Law Condition 5 (Interest) allows the relevant Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. Zero Coupon Notes are 
subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. Changes in market interest rates have a stronger 
impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices 
are below par (if the yield is positive). If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price 
losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes 
are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the 
holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other 
instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in 
interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Risks related to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Risks that may result from the structure of the financial incentives of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
As provided in French Law Condition 5(f) (Sustainability-Linked Notes), the applicable Final Terms may specify 
that the Notes will be issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes which may be subject to upward(s) adjustment(s) if any 
Sustainability Trigger Event occurs. A Sustainability Trigger Event may occur (i) if Pernod Ricard fails to satisfy 
any of the applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) on the relevant Target Observation Date, or (ii) if Pernod 
Ricard fails to publish the relevant SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in accordance with French Law 
Condition 5(f)(iii) (Reporting of Sustainability Performance Targets).  
Although the Rate of Interest relating to the Sustainability-Linked Notes is subject to upward(s) adjustment(s) if any 
Sustainability Trigger Event occurs, such Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy a Noteholder's requirements 
or any future legal or quasi-legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainable bonds" as 
the relevant net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes will be used by the Group for general 
financing and corporate purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. Pernod Ricard does not 
commit to (i) allocate all or any part of the relevant net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting 
sustainability criteria or (ii) be subject to any other limitations or requirements that may be associated with green 
bonds, social bonds or sustainability bonds in any particular market, except as described in the section "Use of 
Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus. In this context, there may be adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts 
resulting from the Group's efforts to achieve the Sustainability Performance Targets or from the use of the net 
proceeds from the offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of the above-mentioned Sustainability-Linked Notes as 
contemplated by French Law Condition 5(f)(i) (Interest Step-Up) will depend on the Group achieving, or not 
achieving, the Sustainability Performance Target(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series 
of Notes which may be inconsistent with or insufficient to satisfy Noteholders' requirements or expectations. The 
Group's Sustainability Performance Targets are aimed at (i) reducing the absolute greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 
1 and Scope 2) of the Group and (ii) reducing the water consumption of the distilleries of the Group as further 
described in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. Pernod Ricard has not obtained a third-party analysis 
of the definition of the Water Consumption KPI or how such definition and the related Water Consumption 
sustainability performance target relate to any sustainability-related standards. It being specified that Pernod Ricard 
will engage an external verifier to confirm the level of the relevant Key Performance Indicator provided in the 
Sustainability Performance Report, as defined and in accordance with French Law Condition 5(f)(iii) (Reporting of

--- Page 22 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 22 - 
36-41038800 
 
Sustainability Performance Targets). The Group's Sustainability Performance Targets are therefore uniquely tailored 
to the Group's business, operations and capabilities, and they do not easily lend themselves to benchmarking against 
similar sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, of other issuers. 
In addition, any future investments Pernod Ricard makes in furtherance of the Sustainability Performance Targets 
may not meet Noteholders' expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 
performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact. 
Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets  
As described in French Law Condition 5(f)(i) (Interest Step-Up) (and as further described in the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework), achieving the relevant Sustainability Performance Targets will require the Group to 
(i) reduce the Group's GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) by the relevant targeted percentage by the Target Observation 
Date as compared to the applicable Baseline Date and (ii) reduce the water consumption by the relevant targeted 
percentage by the applicable Target Observation Date as compared to the applicable Baseline Date. As a result, 
achieving the relevant Sustainability Performance Targets will require the Group to expend significant resources. 
If the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) is/are not met or if Pernod Ricard fails to publish the SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate it will give rise to a Step-Up as described in French Law Condition 5(f)(i) (Interest 
Step-Up); however, it will not be an Event of Default under the Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor a breach of Pernod 
Ricard's obligations under the Notes, nor will Pernod Ricard be required to repurchase or redeem any Sustainability-
Linked Notes in such circumstances.  
The failure of the Group to achieve any of its Sustainability Performance Targets or any such similar sustainability 
performance targets the Issuer may choose to include in any future financings would not only result in a Step-Up, 
but could also harm the Group's reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse 
effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations and ultimately its ability 
to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Furthermore, certain Noteholders may have portfolio mandates or may wish to dispose of their Sustainability-Linked 
Notes and/or the Sustainability-Linked Notes may be excluded from any Environmental, Social and Governance 
("ESG")-related securities or other equivalently-labelled index upon the failure to achieve a Sustainability 
Performance Target, even if the resulting interest step-up has the effect of increasing the yield on the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Notes which may have material consequences for the future trading prices of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Risks of change in standards and guidelines and of recalculation 
The Sustainability Performance Targets of the Group are calculated in accordance with standards and guidelines 
mentioned in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and defined in French Law Condition 5(f) 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes), in particular the GHG Protocol Standard and the SBTi Criteria which are used in 
relation to the GHG Emissions KPI. 
These standards and guidelines mentioned above may change over time and Pernod Ricard will apply these as they 
may be amended and updated from time to time to calculate its Key Performance Indicators. As a consequence, the 
way in which the Group calculates its Key Performance Indicators may also change over time. Such change (in 
particular in the calculation methods) could lead to an increase or decrease of the performance of the Group in 
relation to any of its Key Performance Indicators while still being able to satisfy the applicable Sustainability 
Performance Targets and avoiding the occurrence of a Sustainability Trigger Event (as defined in French Law 
Condition 5(f) (Sustainability-Linked Notes) and the payment to the Noteholders of any Step-Up related thereto (as 
defined in French Law Condition 5(f)(i) (Interest Step-Up)). 
More generally, any change in (i) the methodology for the calculation of any KPI to reflect changes in the market 
practice or the relevant market standards, (ii) any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies relating 
to the business of the Group, or (iii) the perimeter of the Group as a result of any acquisition, amalgamation, 
demerger, merger, corporate reconstruction or disposal or other form of reorganisation with similar effect, where 
any such change, taken individually or in aggregate, has a significant impact on the attainability of the Sustainability 
Performance Target(s), may give rise to a recalculation, by Pernod Ricard acting in good faith, of the level of the 
Key Performance Indicator(s) used as a baseline on the relevant Baseline Date, and/or of the Sustainability 
Performance Target(s). Any such recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders. The 
consequential change to the level of the Key Performance Indicator(s) used as a baseline on the relevant Baseline 
Date or to the Sustainability Performance Target(s) may prevent the payment to the Noteholders of the Step-Up

--- Page 23 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 23 - 
36-41038800 
 
related thereto or may impact the amount payable (as further specified in French Law Condition 5(f)(v) 
(Recalculation)).  
The way in which Pernod Ricard calculates the Key Performance Indicators may therefore change over time and 
may impact the ability of Pernod Ricard to meet the Sustainability Performance Target(s). In addition, the way in 
which Pernod Ricard calculates the level of the KPIs used as a baseline on the relevant Baseline Date may also 
change over time. As a consequence, any of the changes mentioned above may not be in line with Noteholders' 
expectations and may therefore have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders and a negative effect on 
the market value and yield of the Notes. 
The legal and regulatory framework relating to "sustainability-linked", "Climate KPI-linked", "ESG-linked" or other 
equivalently labelled finance instrument is still evolving 
Although Pernod Ricard has obtained a Second Party Opinion in relation to the alignment of the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework to the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles have been developed as 
voluntary industry guidelines and no supervisory nor regulatory authority has passed on the content or adequacy of 
the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles. Second party opinion providers are not currently subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. If laws and regulations evolve, the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Principles and/or the Second Party Opinion may not be sufficient for these purposes, which in turn could have 
material consequences for the future trading prices of the Notes and/or the liquidity of the Notes and require 
Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked or climate KPI-linked assets to dispose of the 
Notes. 
Early redemption risks 
The Notes may be redeemed for tax reasons prior to maturity 
In the event that, pursuant to English Law Condition 9 (Taxation) or French Law Condition 8 (Taxation), the relevant 
Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties of whatever nature imposed or levied, by or on behalf of the 
Republic of France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, such Issuer 
may, and in certain circumstances (in the case of French Law Notes only) shall be obliged to, redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with English Law Condition 8(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons) or French Law Condition 7(b) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons). Such early redemption would be at the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes, 
which in almost all cases would be their principal amount. As a result such early redemption may adversely affect 
the holders of the Notes as an investor may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash proceeds from 
the early redemption of their Notes. As a consequence, Noteholders may lose a substantial part of their investment 
in the Notes. 
Any early redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms relating to a particular 
issue of Notes, could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer, 
pursuant to English Law Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or French Law 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)). Such right of early redemption is often 
provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to 
Noteholders that the relevant Issuer will exercise its right to redeem early increases. As a consequence, the yields 
received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower 
than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder (specified as the "Issue Price" in the applicable Final 
Terms). As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such 
case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies 
they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes. 
The relevant Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part, or in whole but not in part, as the case may be, under a call option as provided in English Law Condition 8(c) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or French Law Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer (Call Option), an acquisition event call option as provided in French Law Condition 7(g) (Acquisition 
Event Call Option) and/or, unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a pre-maturity call 
option as provided in English Law Condition 8(d) (Pre-Maturity Call Option) or French Law Condition 7(d) (Pre-
Maturity Call Option), and/or clean-up call option as provided in English Law Condition 8(e) (Clean-up Call Option) 
or French Law Condition 7(e) (Clean-up Call Option), a make-whole redemption option as provided in English Law 
Condition 8(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) or French Law Condition 7(f) (Make-whole Redemption by 
the Issuer). Such right of early redemption, if provided in the relevant Final Terms relating to a particular issue of 
Notes, could cause the expected yield in respect of the Notes to be considerably less than anticipated. See "Partial

--- Page 24 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 24 - 
36-41038800 
 
redemption of Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders may make the market illiquid" for 
risks relating to partial redemption. 
In particular, with respect to the clean-up call option in English Law Condition 8(e) (Clean-up Call Option) or French 
Law Condition 7(e) (Clean-up Call Option), there is no obligation under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for 
the Issuer to inform investors if and when the limit needed to exercise the clean-up call option has been reached or 
is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving 
of a notice in respect of the exercise of the clean-up call option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above 
par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the probability and risks 
related to the nonconsummation of the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms) may depend on a variety of factors, including (but not limited to) securing competition, foreign 
investment and other regulatory approvals, obtaining consents from commercial counterparties or creditors of the 
Acquisition Target, completing required employee consultation procedures and the implementation of the Group's 
strategy with respect to the particular Acquisition Target, some of which will be outside of the control of the Issuer. 
In addition, should the completion of the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target not be completed within the 
Acquisition Notice Period, the Issuer will have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise the Acquisition Event 
Call Option at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and in such case 
Noteholders would not receive the total return expected to receive on the Notes. Moreover, investors that choose to 
reinvest monies they receive through an Acquisition Event Call Option may be able to do so only in securities with 
a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Conversely, if the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target is not 
consummated, and the Issuer determines not to redeem the Notes, the Notes will remain outstanding as obligations 
of the Issuer and the Acquisition Target will not be a member of the Group. The existence of these early redemption 
options in a particular Series of Notes could limit the market value of such Notes. 
Partial redemption of Notes at the option of the relevant Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders may make the 
market illiquid. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at the 
option of the relevant Issuer pursuant to English Law Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call 
Option) or French Law Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or pursuant to English 
Law Condition 8(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) or French Law Condition 7(f) (Make-whole Redemption 
by the Issuer), or at the option of the Noteholders pursuant to English Law Condition 8(g)(i) (Redemption of the 
Notes at the Option of the Holders) or French Law Condition 7(h)(i) (Redemption of the Notes at the Option of the 
Holders) or following a change of control event pursuant to English Law Condition 8(g)(i) (Redemption of the Notes 
at the Option of the Holders) or French Law Condition 7(h)(ii) (Redemption of the Notes at the Option of the Holders) 
is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any remaining 
Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
Restrictions on Notes denominated in Renminbi 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi ("RMB Notes"). 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues to 
regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control over cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi in the future, the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation may not be discontinued or 
new regulations in the PRC may not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, 
the PRC Government may impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. 
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes may be 
adversely affected. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.

--- Page 25 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 25 - 
36-41038800 
 
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints imposed 
by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC law and regulations may not be promulgated or the 
settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited clearing of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC may not be terminated or amended in the future, each of which may have the effect of 
restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may 
affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the relevant Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the 
PRC to service the RMB Notes, the relevant Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, 
if at all. Should the relevant Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, to respect its payment 
obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such 
currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time.

--- Page 26 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 26 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
Investors should seek financial and legal advice 
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out in this Base Prospectus and should consult with their own 
financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing 
in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Credit ratings 
PRIF has not been the subject of a solicited rating from any independent credit rating agency. One or more independent credit 
rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, to Pernod Ricard or to PRIF. A credit rating or the absence of a rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time and without notice. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating or the absence of a rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings 
are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-
EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union, and whether or not the relevant credit rating agency is registered (or has applied for registration) under the 
EU CRA Regulation and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, 
including the relevant Issuer's jurisdictions of incorporation. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities 
or court decisions may be available for innovative financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised to 
ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the 
Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
Moreover, in certain circumstances Noteholders may be subject to U.S. withholding tax. The United States has enacted rules, 
commonly referred to as "FATCA", that generally impose a reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain payments 
made by U.S. and non-U.S. withholding agents, particularly entities that are classified as financial institutions under FATCA. 
The United States has also entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding the implementation of FATCA with France 
(the "IGA"). The Issuers do not expect payments made on or with respect to the French Law Notes to be subject to withholding 
under FATCA. However, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be 
given that withholding under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Notes 
in the future. In the event that any withholding is imposed because of FATCA, the Issuers will have no obligation to make 
additional payments in respect of such withholding. 
Forward-looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements. The Issuers or the Guarantor may also make written or oral 
forward-looking statements in any documents incorporated by reference herein, in any Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
or any documents incorporated by reference therein. Examples of such forward-looking statements include: 
(a) 
projections of operating revenues, net income, business net income, earnings per share, business earnings per share, 
capital expenditures, cost savings, restructuring costs, positive or negative synergies, dividends, capital structure or 
other financial items or ratios;

--- Page 27 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 27 - 
36-41038800 
 
(b) 
statements of its profit forecasts, future trends, future plans, future objectives or goals, including those relating to 
products, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and competition; and (iii)statements about its future events and future 
economic performance or that of France, the United States or any other countries in which the Issuer operates. 
This information is based on data, assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Issuers as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 
Words such as "believe", "anticipate", "plan", "expect", "intend", "target", "estimate", "project", "predict", "forecast", 
"guideline", "should" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive 
means of identifying such statements. 
Forward-looking statements involve inherent, known and unknown, risks and uncertainties associated with the regulatory, 
economic, financial and competitive environment, and other factors that could cause future results and objectives to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
Risk factors which could affect the future results and cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any 
forward-looking statements are discussed under "Risk Factors" section of this Base Prospectus. Additional risks, not currently 
known or considered immaterial by the Issuers or the Guarantor, may have the same unfavourable effect and investors may 
lose all or part of their investment. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Other than required by law, the Issuers or the Guarantor 
do not undertake any obligation to update them in light of new information or future developments.

--- Page 28 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 28 - 
36-41038800 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following sections identified in the cross-reference 
lists below of the following documents which have been previously published and have been filed with the Autorité des 
marchés financiers ("AMF") as competent authority in France for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such sections 
shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the French language press release published by the Issuer on 20 October 2022 on its unaudited financial information 
for the three months ended 30 September 2022 (the "First Quarter 2022 Financial Information") (available by 
clicking on the following hyperlink: click here); 
(2) 
the French language 2021/2022 Document d'Enregistrement Universel dated 21 September 2022 which received 
reference no. D. 22-0725 from the AMF ("2022 Universal Registration Document") and which includes the audited 
annual consolidated financial statements of Pernod Ricard as at 30 June 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the European Union and the auditors' report on such audited annual consolidated financial statements 
(available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click here);  
(3) 
the French language 2020/2021 Document d'Enregistrement Universel dated 22 September 2021 which received 
reference no. D.21-0806 from the AMF ("2021 Universal Registration Document") and which includes the audited 
annual consolidated financial statements of Pernod Ricard as at 30 June 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the European Union and the auditors' report on such audited annual consolidated financial statements 
(available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click here);  
(4) 
the English language 2022 annual report of PRIF which includes the annual financial statements of PRIF as at 30 
June 2022 ("PRIF 2022 Annual Report") and the auditors' report on such audited financial statements (available 
by clicking on the following hyperlink: click here);  
(5) 
the English language 2021 annual report of PRIF which includes the annual financial statements of PRIF as at 30 
June 2021 ("PRIF 2021 Annual Report") and the auditors' report on such audited financial statements (available 
by clicking on the following hyperlink: click here);  
(6) 
in relation to the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes only, the Issuer's sustainability-linked note framework (the 
"Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework") published in March 2022 (available by clicking on the following 
hyperlink: click here); and   
(7) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" of the base prospectus dated 6 October 2020 which 
received approval no. 20-493 from the AMF on 6 October 2020 (the "2020 French Law Conditions") (available by 
clicking on the following hyperlink: click here). 
The information on the website of Pernod Ricard does not form part of this Base Prospectus (unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. Any 
information not listed in the cross-reference lists but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only. 
For as long as any Notes are outstanding, this Base Prospectus, any Supplement and all documents incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge, (i) at the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents set out at 
the end of this Base Prospectus during normal business hours, (ii) at the registered office of Pernod Ricard during normal 
business hours, and (iii) on the website of Pernod Ricard (www.pernod-ricard.com). Provision of such documents does not 
constitute a representation that such documents have not been modified or superseded in whole or in part as specified above. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not except as so modified or superseded constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to Société Générale in its capacity as Fiscal Agent 
(as defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) or to Pernod Ricard at its registered office set out at the end of 
this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and any Supplement to the Base Prospectus will also be available on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
The Final Terms for each Series of Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites of (x) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) Pernod Ricard (www.pernod-ricard.com). If the Notes are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication 
are required and what they consist of. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference lists below but included in the documents incorporated by reference listed in 
(1) to (7) above is not incorporated by reference. Such information included in the documents incorporated by reference that 
is not included in the cross-reference lists below is either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 29 - 
36-41038800 
 
The information requested to be disclosed as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 
supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation are as follows (references to the Issuer in the table below should be read as 
references to Pernod Ricard): 
Information incorporated by reference  
Cross-reference list in respect of information incorporated by reference 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities 
Annex 7 of the 
Commission 
Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No. 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019 
First Quarter 
2022 Financial 
Information 
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document (page 
number) 
2021 Universal 
Registration 
Document (page 
number) 
PRIF 2022 
Annual Report 
(page number) 
PRIF 2021 
Annual Report 
(page number) 
2. Statutory Auditors 
 
 
2.1 Names and addresses of the 
Issuer's auditors for the period 
covered 
by 
the 
historical 
financial information (together 
with their membership in a 
professional body). 
 
295 
 
 
 
3. Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
 
3.1 A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the 
Issuer and that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the securities, 
in 
a 
limited 
number 
of 
categories, in a section headed 
'Risk Factors'. In each category 
the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, offeror 
or person asking for admission
to trading on a regulated 
market, taking into account the 
negative impact on the Issuer 
and the probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. 
The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of 
the registration document. 
 
104 to 108, 165 
to 186, 236 to 
237 and 247 to 
248 
 
 
 
4. Information about the 
Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
4.1 History and development of 
the Issuer 
 
12-13 
 
 
 
4.1.1 The legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer. 
 
294 
 
 
 
4.1.2 The place of registration 
of the Issuer, its registration 
number 
and 
legal 
entity 
identifier ('LEI'). 
 
294 
 
 
 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation 
and the length of life of the 
 
294

--- Page 30 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 30 - 
36-41038800 
 
Issuer, except where the period 
is indefinite. 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal 
form 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
the 
legislation under which the 
Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, 
the 
address, 
telephone 
number 
of 
its 
registered office (or principal 
place of business if different 
from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website does 
not form part of the prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into 
the prospectus. 
 
294 
 
 
 
4.1.5 
Any 
recent 
events 
particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of the 
issuer’s solvency. 
1 to 3 
 
 
 
 
4.1.6 Credit ratings assigned to 
the Issuer at the request or with 
the cooperation of the Issuer in 
the rating process. 
 
236 
 
 
 
5. Business Overview 
 
 
 
 
 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
2-3 
 
 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the 
Issuer's 
principal 
activities 
stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services 
performed; 
 
2-3; 14-17; 30 
 
 
 
5.1.2 
The 
basis 
for 
any 
statements made by the Issuer 
on its competitive position. 
 
2-3 
 
 
 
6. Organisational Structure 
 
 
 
 
 
6.1 If the Issuer is part of a 
group, a brief description of the 
group and the Issuer's position 
within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, 
a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure. 
 
12-36 
 
 
 
7. Trend Information 
 
 
 
 
 
7.1 A description of: (a) any 
material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since the 
date of its last published audited 
financial statements; and (b) 
any significant change in the 
financial performance of the 
 
193

--- Page 31 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 31 - 
36-41038800 
 
group since the end of the last 
financial period for which 
financial information has been 
published to the date of the 
registration 
document. 
If 
neither 
of 
the 
above 
are 
applicable 
then 
the 
Issuer 
should include (an) appropriate 
negative statement(s). 
9. 
Administrative, 
Management 
and 
Supervisory Bodies 
 
 
 
 
 
9.1 Names, business addresses 
and functions within the Issuer 
of the following persons and an 
indication of the principal 
activities performed by them 
outside of that Issuer where 
these 
are 
significant 
with 
respect to that Issuer: (a) 
members of the administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory 
bodies; 
(b) 
partners 
with 
unlimited liability, in the case of 
a limited partnership with a 
share capital. 
 
38-60; 98 
 
 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, and supervisory 
bodies conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests 
between any duties to the 
Issuer, of the persons referred to 
in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties 
must be clearly stated. In the
event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
 
57 
 
 
 
10. Major Shareholders 
 
 
 
 
 
10.1 To the extent known to the 
Issuer, state whether the Issuer
is directly or indirectly owned 
or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such 
control 
and 
describe 
the 
measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
 
296-301 
 
 
 
10.2 A description of any 
arrangements, known to the 
Issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result 
in a change in control of the 
Issuer. 
 
96; 296-301 
 
 
 
11. 
Financial 
information 
concerning the Issuer's Assets 
and 
Liabilities, 
Financial

--- Page 32 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 32 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
 
 
Position, and Profits and
Losses 
11.1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Consolidated balance 
sheet 
 
202-203 
188-189 
5 
5 
- 
Consolidated income 
statement 
 
200 
186 
6 
6 
- 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
cash 
flows 
 
205 
191 
8 
8 
- 
Consolidated 
statement of changes 
in equity 
 
204 
190 
7 
7 
- 
Accounting policies 
and explanatory notes
 
206-253 
192-239 
9-16 
9-14 
11.2 Auditing of historical 
financial statements 
 
254-257 
240-243 
2-3 
2-3 
11.2.1a Audit reports on the 
historical 
financial 
information 
have 
been refused by the 
statutory auditors or 
where they contain 
qualifications, 
modifications 
of 
opinion 
 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
 
 
11.3 Legal and arbitration 
proceedings 
 
179-183 ; 186 ; 
247-248 ; 270-
271 
 
 
 
12. Material Contracts 
 
195-198

--- Page 33 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 33 - 
36-41038800 
 
The information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 15 item 4.8 (b) of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
only is available as follows:  
Cross-reference list in respect of information incorporated by reference 
Annex 15 item 4.8 (b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
Securities note for wholesale non-equity securities 
Information in relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
Page numbers in the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework: 
• 
The Issuer's sustainable strategy 
Pages 4-11 
• 
Rationale for establishing a Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Page 12 
• 
Alignment with ICMA's Sustainability Linked-Bond Principles  
Page 12 
Selection of Key Performance Indicators 
 
• 
GHG Emissions KPI 
Pages 13-14 
• 
Water Consumption KPI 
Pages 14-15 
Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets 
 
• 
GHG Emissions KPI 
Pages 16-17 
• 
Water Consumption KPI 
Page 18 
 
The 2020 French Law Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues 
of notes to be assimilated (assimilées).

--- Page 34 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 34 - 
36-41038800 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time any Issuer, or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be required to prepare a Supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers will prepare and make available an 
appropriate Supplement to this Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market, shall constitute a Supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such Supplement to this Base Prospectus will be submitted to the 
AMF for approval.

--- Page 35 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 35 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by English law (the "Conditions") to be issued by 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC and benefiting from the full, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of Pernod 
Ricard (the "English Law Notes") that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the English 
Law Notes in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any English Law Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the English Law Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the English Law Notes while in Global Form" below. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the English Law Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC (the "Issuer"), in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final Terms 
to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes are constituted by, have the benefit of, and are subject to, a deed of covenant dated 24 October 2022 (the "Deed of 
Covenant") entered into by the Issuer and have the benefit of a full, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of the Guarantor 
in the form of a deed of guarantee (the "Guarantee").  
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an English law governed agency agreement dated 24 October 2022 (the "English Law 
Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Pernod Ricard as guarantor (the "Guarantor"), Société Générale Luxembourg (as 
"Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent"), Société Générale Luxembourg as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes and 
the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor 
or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively 
as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)" 
which expressions include any relevant successor or additional agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended). 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Form: 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in registered form and will be represented by individual note 
certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of its holding (the "Registered Notes"). 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note, including Notes admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as defined below). 
(c) 
Title:

--- Page 36 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 36 - 
36-41038800 
 
(i) 
Title: Title to the Notes will pass by transfer and registration as described below. The Registrar 
will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the English Law Agency 
Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of Notes in 
respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in a register (the "Register"). "Holder" means the 
person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(ii) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note Certificate relating thereto 
(other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and 
no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce 
any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(iii) 
Transfers: Subject to paragraphs (vi) (Closed periods), (vii) (Formalities Free of Charge) and 
(viii) (Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Note may be transferred upon 
surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as specified in the English Law 
Agency Agreement), together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of 
the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Notes transferred and (where not all of the Notes 
held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Notes not 
transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Notes represented by the surrendered 
Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Notes will be issued to the transferor. No transfer of a Note will be valid unless and until 
entered on the Register. 
(iv) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (iii) (Transfers) above, the Registrar will register 
the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Notes 
transferred to each relevant Holder at its specified office or (as the case may be) the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured 
first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its specified office. 
(v) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or 
(as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(vi) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes. 
(vii) 
Formalities Free of Charge: Such transfer will be effected without charge subject to (i) the 
person making such application for transfer paying or procuring the payment of any taxes, duties 
and other governmental charges in connection therewith, (ii) the Registrar being satisfied with 
the documents of title and/or identity of the person making the application and (iii) such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer may from time to time agree with the Registrar. 
(viii) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Notes scheduled to the 
English Law Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of 
charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
2. 
GUARANTEE  
The Guarantor has fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to be 
due and payable by the Issuer under the Notes and in accordance with their terms and conditions (and nothing in 
these Conditions should be read as an indication to the contrary). The obligations of the Guarantor in this respect 
arise pursuant to the Guarantee.

--- Page 37 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 37 - 
36-41038800 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The principal and interest of the Notes constitute direct, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under applicable law of United States or Delaware 
law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE GUARANTEE 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee, constitute direct unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally 
and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
5. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes of the relevant Series remain outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and 
the Guarantor shall procure that none of the Principal Subsidiaries (as defined below) will create or permit to subsist 
any mortgage, charge, pledge or other security interest (being, in the case of Pernod Ricard, a sûreté réelle) upon 
any of its or their assets or revenues, present or future to secure (i) any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) 
incurred by it or any of the Principal Subsidiaries or (ii) any guarantee in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness 
incurred by it or any of the Principal Subsidiaries unless, in either case, the Issuer's or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor's obligations under the Notes or, as the case may be, the Guarantee (a) are secured equally and rateably 
with such Relevant Indebtedness or such guarantee in respect thereof, or (b) are given the benefit of such other 
security, guarantee or arrangement as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders of the 
relevant Series. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary (as defined below) of Pernod Ricard: 
(a) 
whose total gross assets as reflected in its statutory non-consolidated accounts represent no less than 10 
per cent. of the total consolidated gross assets of Pernod Ricard, as calculated by reference to the then 
latest audited accounts of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of Pernod 
Ricard and its consolidated subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
to which are transferred all or substantially all of the assets of a Subsidiary which immediately prior to 
such transfer was a Principal Subsidiary, in which case the transferring entity will no longer be considered 
as a Principal Subsidiary as of the day of such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary which 
becomes a Principal Subsidiary under this sub-paragraph (b) will continue to be a Principal Subsidiary 
following the next audited accounts of such Subsidiary only if it satisfies the requirement set forth in sub-
paragraph (a). 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money represented by bonds 
(obligations) or other debt securities (including titres de créances négociables) which are for the time being or 
capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other 
securities market; 
"Subsidiary" means any person or entity at any time which is a subsidiary within the meaning of Articles L.233-1 
and L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce. 
6. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear 
on the Fixed Interest Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on a 
Fixed Interest Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the Fixed Interest Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary of the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, will amount to the Initial Broken Amount. If 
the Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, interest from (and including) the preceding Fixed 
Interest Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken Amount.

--- Page 38 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 38 - 
36-41038800 
 
(ii) 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note for any Fixed Rate Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be specified in the Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount"). 
(iii) 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note payable in euro for which a 
Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of a Fixed Rate Note which is not payable in euro, interest is required to be 
calculated for a period of other than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-calendar day year consisting of 12 months of 30 calendar days each and, in the case of an 
incomplete month, the number of calendar days elapsed or on such other Fixed Day Count 
Fraction as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(the "Calculation Period"): 
If Actual-Actual (ICMA) is specified hereon: 
(i) 
if such Calculation Period falls within a single Fixed Rate Interest Period, means the actual 
number of calendar days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of the number of 
calendar days in the Fixed Rate Interest Period in which it falls and the number of Fixed Rate 
Interest Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
if such Calculation Period does not fall within a single Fixed Rate Interest Period, means the 
sum of (x) the actual number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Fixed 
Rate Interest Period in which it begins divided by the product of the actual number of calendar 
days in that Fixed Rate Interest Period and the number of Fixed Rate Interest Periods in any year 
and (y) the actual number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the subsequent 
Fixed Rate Interest Period divided by the product of the actual number of calendar days in the 
subsequent Fixed Rate Interest Period and the number of Fixed Rate Interest Periods in any year. 
If Actual-360 is specified hereon, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360. 
If 30-360 is specified hereon, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last calendar 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30". 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 39 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 39 - 
36-41038800 
 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended. 
"Fixed Rate Interest Period" means the period from (and including) a Fixed Interest Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Fixed Interest Date. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
unless specified in the relevant Final Terms in these Terms and Conditions, mean the 
period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, each an "Interest 
Period"). 
If a business day convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding calendar day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day then, if the business day convention specified 
is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(i)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above, the Floating 
Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last calendar day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below of this subparagraph (1) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
calendar day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Interest Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next calendar day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next calendar day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event

--- Page 40 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 40 - 
36-41038800 
 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In addition, if (i) the Floating Rate Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(ii) Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6(b)(i)(B) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) above and (iii) any Interest Payment Date falls on the last 
Business Day in any month, then each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Interest Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred. 
In this Condition: 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a calendar day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Paris, Delaware and any Business Centre specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and 
Renminbi, a calendar day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than Paris and any Business Centre) or (2) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a calendar day on which TARGET2 is 
operating; or (3) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a calendar day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong 
Kong and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any). 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Rate of Interest"). 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Fiscal Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended from time to time 
(the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") for a 
currency, the first calendar day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any other 
case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the

--- Page 41 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 41 - 
36-41038800 
 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions; the definition of "Banking 
Day" in the ISDA Definitions shall be amended to insert the words "are open for" in 
the second line after the word "general"; and "Euro-zone" means the region 
comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the euro. 
When this sub-paragraph (A)(C) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period 
the Fiscal Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 
5(b)(xiv) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) in respect of the determination of the Rate 
of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in 
the manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). Investors should consult the Issuer 
should they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) in the case of EURIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in question, as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. For the purposes of these Conditions, "Reference Rate" 
means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If, in the case of (B)(i)(1) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (B)(i)(2) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable but a Benchmark Event (as defined below) 
has not occurred, the Fiscal Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal financial centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations. 
(iii) 
If fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Fiscal Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Fiscal Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
calendar day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time. If the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the last Reference 
Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Fiscal Agent, plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any).

--- Page 42 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 42 - 
36-41038800 
 
(iv) 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes 
will be determined as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(v) 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Reference Banks" means four major 
banks selected by the Fiscal Agent in the market that are most closely connected with 
the Reference Rate, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(C) 
Benchmark Event  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, this Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) 
(Benchmark Event) will apply. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (B) (ii) and (B) (iii) above, if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination 
Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest 
Determination Date) appoint an agent, which may be a leading bank or benchmark 
agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (the "Reference Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a successor or alternative 
reference rate, which is substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate and 
is an industry accepted successor rate, is available for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of such 
determination (the "Replacement Reference Rate"). If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines that there is a Replacement Reference Rate, the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Calculation Agent of the 
Replacement Reference Rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the 
Rate of Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Reference 
Rate, then for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine the changes (if any) 
required to the applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, 
the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining 
the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate and any 
necessary adjustment to the spread in order to limit any increase or decrease in the 
yield of the Notes resulting from the application of the Replacement Reference Rate, 
in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be references 
to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such Replacement 
Reference Rate and the details described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Replacement Reference Rate, and of the details described in (i) above 
as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London 
time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date. 
(v) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, 
unless the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the 
Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference 
Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor or alternative reference rate, 
in which case the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination 
Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate

--- Page 43 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 43 - 
36-41038800 
 
Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate 
or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as 
described above. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
If a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer and such 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred 
but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not been determined, the Issuer 
may decide that no Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor or alternative 
reference rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
in such case will be equal to the last relevant Reference Rate available on the Relevant 
Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer). 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means: 
(1) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or  
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (or 
by the supervisor of the administrator of such Reference Rate) that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be 
appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate), the 
administrator has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or  
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or  
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(5) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or  
(6) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (2), (3) or (4) above and the Specified Future 
Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the relevant Final Terms specify a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. If the relevant Final Terms 
specify a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such

--- Page 44 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 44 - 
36-41038800 
 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. The Minimum Interest Rate shall not be 
less than zero. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual-365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(B) 
if "Actual-360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(C) 
if "30-360", "360-360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, 
expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(D) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 45 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 45 - 
36-41038800 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, 
expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(E) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last calendar day of February but not the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, provided, 
however, that in each such case, the number of calendar days in the Interest Period is 
calculated from and including the first calendar day of the Interest Period to but 
excluding the last calendar day of the Interest Period. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth Paris Business Day (as defined in Condition 6(b)(i) (Interest 
Payment Dates) thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to the Issuer, each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to Holders of Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
6(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), whether by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents 
and all Holders of Notes and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Holders 
of Notes shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.

--- Page 46 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 46 - 
36-41038800 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
If Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal Agent 
by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Fiscal Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
(d) 
CNY Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each CNY Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest Determination Date, 
calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The 
determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all 
parties. The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents 
and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11 (Events of Default), the accrued 
interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. Unless otherwise agreed in the relevant Final 
Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
(e) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Each Fixed to Floating Rate Note bears interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may decide to convert at the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or (ii) which shall be

--- Page 47 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 47 - 
36-41038800 
 
automatically converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate at the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note Certificates at the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency 
and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to a Euro account (or other account 
to which Euro may be credited or transferred), payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due 
date is not a business day, for value the next succeeding business day) will be initiated and, where payment 
is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest 
payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for 
payment. A Holder of a Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay 
in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a business day or (B) a cheque mailed 
in accordance with this Condition 7 (Payments) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
mail. In this paragraph "business day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of payment by transfer to a Euro account (or other account to which Euro may be 
credited or transferred) as referred to above, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(ii) 
any day on which banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) 
in the principal financial center of the relevant currency and, in the case of surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of a Note Certificate, in the place in which the Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, as the case may be, endorsed). 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of 
such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder 
in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth 
day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered 
Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder 
in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
The Notes may not be redeemed other than in accordance with this Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) or 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity

--- Page 48 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 48 - 
36-41038800 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its principal amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If, by reason of a change in the applicable laws or regulations of the country and/or state of incorporation 
or establishment of the Issuer or of the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee) (the "Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction"), or any political subdivision therein or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or in a treaty applicable to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations or treaty (including a judgment by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, 
would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or (if it were 
called) under the Guarantee, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts 
as specified under Condition 9 (Taxation) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) or, at any time (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes), 
subject to having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), redeem the Notes (in whole 
but not in part) at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption notified by the Issuer, provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, could make payment of principal and interest without withholding 
for Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction taxes or, if such date has passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem, the Issuer shall, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)), each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of that 
Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding. 
(d) 
Pre-Maturity Call Option 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) to the Noteholders redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, at par together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from and including (a) the Call 
Option Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before 
the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than 10 years or (ii) six months before 
the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than 10 years, until but excluding (b) the 
Maturity Date.  
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than 10 years or the maturity of more 
than ten (10) years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 8(d).

--- Page 49 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 49 - 
36-41038800 
 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, having 
given not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes of 
any Series for the time being outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is given, 75 per 
cent. or more of the aggregate nominal amount originally issued of the Notes of such Series have been 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, provided that those Notes that are no longer outstanding have not 
been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or Condition 8(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer). Any such 
redemption shall be at par together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) (the "Make-Whole Call Notice"); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in 
the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a 
"Make-whole Redemption Date") redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time 
prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 6(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes)) prior to the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Calculation Agent" means any international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption Amount, 
in each case as such make-whole calculation agent is identified in the relevant Final Terms or in the Make-
Whole Call Notice.  
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of 
the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes up to and including the Maturity Date (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, 
but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-
whole Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption 
Date, 
as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
If a Pre-Maturity Call Option (set out in Condition 8(d) (Pre-Maturity Call Option) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole 
Redemption before the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent by taking into account the 
Call Option Date pursuant to Condition 8(d) (Pre-Maturity Call Option) and not the Maturity Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business Day preceding 
the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer 
Quotation").

--- Page 50 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 50 - 
36-41038800 
 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks, selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, which 
are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues.  
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If a Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in 
writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent 
expert and not as agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 8(f) (Make-whole 
Redemption by the Issuer). 
(g) 
Redemption of the Notes at the Option of the Holders 
(i) 
If the Holders of Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem 
(a "Put Option"), upon the Holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. If the Holders of Notes are not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem then the Holders of Notes 
shall not have any option to redeem such Notes as described in this sub-paragraph (g)(i). 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note the Holder of such Note must deliver a 
duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice"), at any time within the notice 
period during normal business hours of such Paying Agent. In the Put Notice the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition. The Holder of a Note must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date, deposit the Note Certificate relating to such 
Note with any Paying Agent together with a duly completed Put Notice. No Note Certificate, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Notice in accordance with this paragraph 8(g)(i), may 
be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date , the 
Notes evidenced by any Note Certificate so deposited become immediately due and payable or, 
upon due surrender of any Note Certificate on the relevant Optional Redemption Date, payment 
of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, such Note Certificate shall, without 
prejudice to the exercise of the Put Notice, be returned to the Holder by uninsured first class 
mail (airmail if overseas) at the address specified by such Holder in the relevant Put Notice. 
(ii) 
If at any time while any of the Notes remains outstanding, (i) a Change of Control occurs and 
(ii) within the Change of Control Period a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of 
Control occurs and is not cured prior to the last calendar day of the Change of Control Period (a 
"Change of Control Event"), then each Noteholder shall have the option (the "Change of 
Control Put Option") to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the 
purchase of, part or all of its Notes at their principal amount together with accrued interest to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, the 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), specifying 
the nature of the Change of Control Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the Change of Control Put Option (the "Put Event Notice").

--- Page 51 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 51 - 
36-41038800 
 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require the redemption (or, at the Issuer's 
option, the purchase) of all or part of the Notes held by it, the Holder of the Notes must, within 
a 45-calendar day period (the "Put Period") after the Put Event Notice is given, transfer or cause 
to be transferred its Notes to be so redeemed (or purchased) to the account of the Paying Agent 
specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the Put Period, together 
with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form obtainable from the specified 
office of the Paying Agent (a "Put Option Notice") and in which the relevant Noteholder will 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this paragraph 8(g)(ii). The Holder 
of a Note must, within the Put Period, deposit the Note Certificate relating to such Note with 
any Paying Agent together with a duly completed Put Option Notice. No Note Certificate, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(g)(ii), 
may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date, 
the Notes evidenced by any Note Certificate so deposited become immediately due and payable 
or, upon due surrender of any Note Certificate on the relevant Optional Redemption Date, 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, such Note Certificate 
shall, without prejudice to the exercise of the Put Option Notice, be returned to the Holder by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) at the address specified by such Holder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice. 
The Issuer shall, subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Paying Agent for the 
account of the Issuer as described above, redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the 
purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly 
exercised as provided above on the tenth Business Day following the expiration of the Put Period 
(the "Optional Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made 
in the Specified Currency to the holder to the Specified Currency bank account in the Put Option 
Notice on the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
A "Change of Control" will be deemed to have occurred each time (whether or not approved 
by the Conseil d'administration of Pernod Ricard) that any person or group of persons acting in 
concert (personnes agissant de concert, as defined in Article L.233-10 of the French Code de 
commerce) at any time directly or indirectly gains control (as defined in Article L.233-3 I of the 
French Code de commerce) of Pernod Ricard. 
"Change of Control Period" means, in relation to (and following) the occurrence of a Change 
of Control, the period commencing on the date of the first formal public announcement of the 
relevant Change of Control and ending on the date which is 90 calendar days (inclusive) after 
the date of such public announcement. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall occur in respect of a Change of Control if any of the Rating 
Agencies publicly announces, during the Change of Control Period, its decision to withdraw or 
reduce the rating of Pernod Ricard by at least one full rating notch, expressly publicly stating 
that such withdrawal or reduction is directly linked to such Change of Control, provided however 
that no Negative Rating Event will occur as long as the rating assigned to Pernod Ricard by any 
Rating Agency (including the Rating Agency having made such rating reduction) remains during 
the Change of Control Period equal or above to Ba1 by Moody's or BB+ by S&P (or their 
equivalent at the relevant time). 
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") or Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of the McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), in each case any of 
their respective successors and, in each case, solicited by Pernod Ricard to grant a corporate 
credit rating to Pernod Ricard. 
While any of the Notes remains outstanding, Pernod Ricard undertakes to maintain a corporate 
credit rating assigned to Pernod Ricard by at least one Rating Agency. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes with a Final Redemption Amount at their 
principal amount;

--- Page 52 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 52 - 
36-41038800 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the 
sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it shall 
be made (i) in the case of a Zero Coupon Note other than a Zero Coupon Note payable in euro, 
on the basis of a 360-calendar day year consisting of 12 months of 30 calendar days each and, 
in the case of an incomplete month, the number of calendar days elapsed; and (ii) in the case of 
a Zero Coupon Note payable in euro, on the basis of the actual number of calendar days elapsed 
divided by 365 (or, if any of the calendar days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the 
number of those calendar days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those 
calendar days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) or (in either case) on such other 
calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Accrual Yield" means the accrual yield specified in the relevant Final Terms; and "Reference 
Price" means the reference price specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation or, unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, held in custody by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor and/or sold, resold or otherwise 
disposed of by the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be cancelled. Any 
Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued 
or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (h)(ii) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Fiscal Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(l) 
Obligation to redeem 
Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred to in paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f),(g) or (h) above, the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes to which the notice referred at the relevant redemption price 
applicable at the date of such redemption together with, if appropriate, interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the relevant redemption date. 
9. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest under or with respect of the Notes by the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, in respect of the Guarantee by the Guarantor, will be made without withholding or deduction for any 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8(b)) or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 53 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 53 - 
36-41038800 
 
(b) 
If the applicable law of any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction should require that payments of principal or 
interest in respect of any Note or, if applicable in respect of the Guarantee, be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor (in case of payment under the Guarantee), will to the fullest extent then permitted by 
applicable law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts 
as would have been received by the Noteholders had no such deduction or withholding been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, or to a third party: 
(i) 
on behalf of a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes or duties in respect of such Note by reason 
of the Noteholder or a beneficial owner having some present or future connection with such 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
on behalf of a Noteholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by 
making a declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption or reduction of the 
applicable withholding; or 
(iii) 
where the relevant Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note Certificate for payment on 
the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iv) 
in respect of any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, excise, personal property or similar tax, 
assessment or governmental charge; or 
(v) 
in respect of any tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of such 
holder's past or present status, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as a passive foreign 
investment company (including a qualified election fund), a controlled foreign corporation, a 
personal holding company, a private foundation or other tax exempt organization or as a 
corporation which accumulates earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; or 
(vi) 
in respect of any tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge which is not payable by 
way of withholding from payment of principal of, or interest on, such Note; or  
(vii) 
in respect of any tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by 
any Paying Agent from any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Note if such payment 
can be made without such withholding by any other Paying Agent outside the United States; or  
(viii) 
in respect of any tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on interest 
received by a holder or beneficial owner of a Note that is a 10% shareholder (as defined in 
Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and the regulations that may be promulgated thereunder) of 
the Issuer, being a bank whose receipt of interest on a Note is described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) 
of the Code and regulations that may be promulgated thereunder or being a controlled foreign 
corporation that is related to the Issuer as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C); or 
(ix) 
in respect of any combinations of items (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii) and (viii), 
nor will Additional Amounts be paid to any United States Alien (as defined below) who is a fiduciary or 
partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such Note appertaining thereto to the extent that a 
beneficiary or settler with respect to such fiduciary, or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner 
thereof would not have been entitled to she payment of such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, 
settler, member or beneficial owner been the holder of such Note. "United State Alien" means any person 
who, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is a foreign corporation, a non-resident individual, a foreign 
estate or trust or foreign partnership one or more of the members of which is a United State Alien. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior 
to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
If the Issuer or, as the case may be the Guarantor, becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, references in these Conditions to the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction shall be construed as references to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction and/or such other 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 54 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 54 - 
36-41038800 
 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted 
by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of the Holder, beneficial owner or an 
intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall not be liable for, or otherwise obliged 
to pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, 
any paying agent or any other party.  
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, for payment in respect of the Notes (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, one or several Noteholders 
representing no less than 10 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding may give written notice to 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent (at its specified office) declaring all the Notes to be due and payable, whereupon all 
Notes will become due and payable at their principal amount plus accrued interest unless such event(s) shall have 
been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
Non-payment  
the Issuer or the Guarantor, is in default for more than 15 calendar days for the payment of any amount on 
the Notes or, if applicable, on the Guarantee, after the same shall become due and payable; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its other 
obligations under the Notes or, if applicable, under the Guarantee, and such default has not been cured 
within 30 Business Days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer and, if applicable, the 
Guarantor, of a written notice identifying such default by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross Default 
(i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or any Principal Subsidiaries 
for borrowed money becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, 
or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due, or (iii) any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiaries for, or in respect of, any such indebtedness of others is not 
honoured when due and called upon, subject, in each case, to a grace period equal to the greater of any 
applicable grace period and 10 calendar days, provided, in each case, that the relevant aggregate amount 
of the defaulted indebtedness, payment obligations, guarantee or indemnity in respect of which an event 
mentioned above has occurred exceeds €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether 
individually or in the aggregate, and unless, in each case, the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the relevant 
Principal Subsidiary challenges in good faith the relevant event before a court of competent jurisdiction, 
in which case none of the relevant events will constitute an Event of Default until a final judgment has 
been rendered by such relevant court; or 
(d) 
Dissolution and Merger 
the Issuer or the Guarantor sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets or ceases to 
carry on all or substantially all of its business or an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, unless (a) such disposal, winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or 
cessation is made or takes place in connection with a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other form 
of reorganisation with or to any other corporation and the Issuer's or the Guarantor's, liabilities under the 
Notes are transferred to and assumed by such other corporation (including, without limitation, pursuant to 
a fusion, scission or apport partiel d'actifs) and (b) the long term rating assigned by S&P or Moody's to 
such other corporation immediately following such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other form of 
reorganisation is not lower than the long-term credit rating assigned by such agency to Pernod Ricard 
immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other form of reorganisation; or 
(e) 
Insolvency proceedings

--- Page 55 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 55 - 
36-41038800 
 
to the extent permitted by applicable laws, the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiaries enters 
into a composition with its creditors or a judgement is rendered for the liquidation of the Issuer or for the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Guarantor or for a transfer of the whole of the business 
of the Issuer or a transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Guarantor or 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary makes any conveyance for the benefit of, or enters 
into any agreement with, its creditors as a result of actual financial difficulties; or 
(f) 
Guarantee  
the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect.  
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES 
If any Note Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of 
the Registrar (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its specified office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise 
as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Note Certificates must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Holders of Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas 
address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date of 
such mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in France. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The English Law Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. 
Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
English Law Agency Agreement). Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not 
less than one-thirtieth (1/30) of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at 
any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or 
representing one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the 
Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any date for payment of interest or 
Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to amend the status of the Notes or reduce or cancel the nominal amount 
of the Notes or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest 
in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest 
or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) to vary any method of, or 
basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (v) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, 
(vi) to vary, modify or terminate the Guarantee and (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in 
which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 
per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 20 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders 
whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary

--- Page 56 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 56 - 
36-41038800 
 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of English Law Agency Agreement 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the parties to the English Law Agency Agreement may agree to modify any 
provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest 
error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary (the "Substitute"). 
The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form scheduled 
to the English Law Agency Agreement as Schedule 11 , and may take place only if (i) such substitution 
has no significant adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders, (ii) the Issuer shall, by means of the 
Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
that is imposed by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence 
for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note or the Deed of Covenant 
and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (iii) the 
Notes shall continue to be fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantors (other than 
in respect of the Guarantor which is the Substitute) notwithstanding the identity of the Substitute by means 
of the Deed Poll, (iv) all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including 
the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes and Deed of Covenant 
represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, in the case of the Deed 
Poll, of the Guarantor, has been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (v) the Substitute 
shall have become party to the English Law Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it and the Guarantor, shall remain party thereto with any 
appropriate amendments, (vi) legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to the 
care of the Fiscal Agent on behalf of the Noteholders from a lawyer or firm of lawyers chosen by the 
Substitute with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction of the country and/or state of incorporation 
or establishment of each of the Substitute and the Guarantor as to the fulfilment of the conditions of 
paragraph (iii), as to the legality, validity and enforceability of the substitution, and of the Deed Poll and 
(vii) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of 
such substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be 
regarded as material to the Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of 
the Paying Agents. 
15. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in relation thereto has 
to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Terms and 
Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) 
enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, 
on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange 
used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency 
with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
Further Issues: The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and 
issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 57 - 
36-41038800 
 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the 
Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the 
Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Further Issues and Consolidation), without the consent of the Holders of Notes, consolidate the Notes 
of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the 
European national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally 
denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16 (Further Issues and Consolidation):  
"Consolidation Agent" means any financial services institution appointed by the Issuer and identified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
17. 
REDENOMINATION, RENOMINALISATION AND RECONVENTIONING 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 17 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) is applicable 
to the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Redenomination agent: any financial services institution appointed by the Issuer and identified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Conditions Condition 17 (Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and Reconventioning) (the "Redenomination Agent").  
(c) 
Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its intention to 
become, a Euro Participating Member State (as defined below), the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Holders of Notes, on giving at least 30 calendar days' prior notice to such Holders and the Paying Agents, 
designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date under the Notes falling 
on or after the date on which such country becomes a Euro Participating Member State. 
(d) 
Redenomination and Renominalisation: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with 
effect from the Redenomination Date: the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that 
Note in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with European Union regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer 
determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent then market practice in respect of the redenomination 
into euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such provisions 
shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Holders, each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed and the Paying Agents 
of such deemed amendments; all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination 
Date is on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro, payments 
of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro 
by cheque drawn on, or by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of any 
Member State of the European Union. 
(e) 
Interest and Reconventioning: Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 17 
(Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) the amount of interest due in respect of the 
Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes presented for payment 
by the relevant Holder. In addition, the Issuer may make such changes to the day count fraction and 
business days applicable to the Notes in accordance with current market practice for Notes denominated 
in euro. 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable and "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the 
Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET Settlement Day before the first 
calendar day of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning): 
"Euro Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts or has 
adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and "TARGET Settlement Day" 
means any calendar day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro.

--- Page 58 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 58 - 
36-41038800 
 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except for 
Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
the federal insolvency laws of the United States and Condition 4 (Status of the Guarantee) which shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any action against the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with any 
Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be, will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Commercial Courts of Paris, it being specified that, if the Chambre Internationale du Tribunal de 
Commerce de Paris has jurisdiction, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees to submit any such dispute 
to such Chambre of the court.

--- Page 59 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 59 - 
36-41038800 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Each Tranche of Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual Note 
Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Note Certificate"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Each Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common depositary 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing system and registered in the name of a nominee for such 
depositary and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms and in the limited 
circumstances specified therein. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Note Certificate which will be exchangeable in whole, but 
not in part, for Individual Note Certificates, if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact 
do so; or  
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that 
Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Note 
Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate to 
the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without 
limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Note Certificate at the specified office of 
the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning 
the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but 
against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after they are 
due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Note Certificate; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Note Certificate (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the 
holder of the Global Note Certificate in accordance with the terms of the Global Note Certificate on the due date for 
payment, 
then, at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) each person shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (or any other relevant clearing 
system) as being entitled to interest in the Notes (each an "Accountholder") shall acquire under the Deed of Covenant rights 
of enforcement against the Issuer ("Direct Rights") to compel the Issuer to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note Certificate, including the obligation of the Issuer to make all payments when due at any time 
in respect of such Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions as if such Notes had (where required by the Terms and 
Conditions) been duly presented and surrendered on the due date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
The Direct Rights shall be without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Global Note Certificate may have under the 
Global Note Certificate or otherwise. Payment to the Holder of the Global Note Certificate in respect of any Notes represented 
by the Global Note Certificate shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant 
to the extent of any such payment. 
As a condition of any exercise of Direct Rights by an Accountholder, such Accountholder shall, as soon as practicable, give 
notice of such exercise to the Holders of the Notes of the same Series in the manner provided for in the Terms and Conditions 
or the Global Note Certificate for notices to be given by the Issuer to Noteholders.  
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note Certificate 
and will consist of the Terms and Conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 60 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 60 - 
36-41038800 
 
Each Global Note Certificate will contain provisions which differ from the Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to 
any Individual Note Certificate only in the case of Notes which are in the form of a Global Note Certificate. The following is 
a summary of those provisions: 
Payment Business Day: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of 
the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Note Certificate will be made to the person shown as the Holder 
in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due 
date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing 
system for which the Global Note Certificate is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise any of the options contained in Condition 8(g) (Redemption of the Notes at the 
Option of the Holders), the holder of a Global Note Certificate must, within the period specified in the Terms and Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream and/or other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which 
such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.  
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part 
in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Terms and Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Global Note Certificate and the is 
Global Note Certificate is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 Notices (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in France.  
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Guarantor given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating 
rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding (an "Electronic Consent") shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution (as 
defined in the English Law Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall be entitled 
to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and the Guarantor by (a) accountholders in 
the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any 
such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified 
by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement 
to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or 
other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative clearing 
system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any 
such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. 
Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records 
provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream's CreationOnline system) 
in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount 
of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall 
be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document 
to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 61 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 61 - 
36-41038800 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable 
to the Notes governed by French law to be issued by Pernod Ricard (the "French Law Notes"). 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title 
but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of 
the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Notes. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the French Law Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Pernod Ricard (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount 
of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final Terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of a French law agency agreement dated 24 October 2022 between the Issuer and Société 
Générale as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent (the 
"French Law Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent 
and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying 
Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent" and 
the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended). 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Form: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the 
books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the 
Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the 
Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the 
provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time 
request from the central depositary the following identification information of the holders of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the company name, nationality, 
date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address as 
well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them and any restrictions applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 62 - 
36-41038800 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System 
("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially numbered and 
are issued with coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, where appropriate, a talon (a "Talon") 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than 
in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are 
not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form 
must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note, including Notes admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as defined below). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or "Noteholder" means (a) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of 
the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being 
entitled to such Notes and (b) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Note and the Coupons ("Couponholder" being construed accordingly), or Talon 
relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, 
the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur).

--- Page 63 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 63 - 
36-41038800 
 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The principal and interest of the Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons constitute direct, unsubordinated 
and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under 
French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes of the relevant Series or, if applicable, Coupons remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, 
and will procure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined below) will create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, charge, pledge or other security interest (sûreté réelle) upon any of its or their assets or revenues, present 
or future to secure (i) any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) incurred by it or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
or (ii) any guarantee in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness incurred by it or any of its Principal Subsidiaries unless, 
in either case, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes (a) are secured equally and rateably with such Relevant 
Indebtedness or such guarantee in respect thereof, or (b) are given the benefit of such other security, guarantee or 
arrangement as shall be approved by a Collective Decision of Noteholders of the relevant Series. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Issuer: 
(c) 
whose total gross assets as reflected in its statutory non-consolidated accounts represent no less than 10 
per cent. of the total consolidated gross assets of the Issuer, as calculated by reference to the then latest 
audited accounts of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries; or 
(d) 
to which are transferred all or substantially all of the assets of a Subsidiary which immediately prior to 
such transfer was a Principal Subsidiary, in which case the transferring entity will no longer be considered 
as a Principal Subsidiary as of the day of such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary which 
becomes a Principal Subsidiary under this sub-paragraph (d) will continue to be a Principal Subsidiary 
following the next audited accounts of such Subsidiary only if it satisfies the requirement set forth in sub-
paragraph (c). 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money represented by bonds 
(obligations) or other debt securities (including titres de créances négociables) which are for the time being or 
capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other 
securities market; 
"Subsidiary" means any person or entity at any time which is a subsidiary within the meaning of Articles L.233-1 
and L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce. 
5. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear 
on the Fixed Interest Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on a 
Fixed Interest Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the Fixed Interest Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary of the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, will amount to the Initial Broken Amount. If 
the Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, interest from (and including) the preceding Fixed

--- Page 64 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 64 - 
36-41038800 
 
Interest Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken Amount. 
(ii) 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note for any Fixed Rate Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be specified in the Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount"). 
(iii) 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note payable in euro for which a 
Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of a Fixed Rate Note which is not payable in euro, interest is required to be 
calculated for a period of other than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-calendar day year consisting of 12 months of 30 calendar days each and, in the case of an 
incomplete month, the number of calendar days elapsed or on such other Fixed Day Count 
Fraction as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(the "Calculation Period"): 
If Actual-Actual (ICMA) is specified hereon: 
(i) 
if such Calculation Period falls within a single Fixed Rate Interest Period, means the actual 
number of calendar days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of the number of 
calendar days in the Fixed Rate Interest Period in which it falls and the number of Fixed Rate 
Interest Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
if such Calculation Period does not fall within a single Fixed Rate Interest Period, means the 
sum of (x) the actual number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Fixed 
Rate Interest Period in which it begins divided by the product of the actual number of calendar 
days in that Fixed Rate Interest Period and the number of Fixed Rate Interest Periods in any year 
and (y) the actual number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the subsequent 
Fixed Rate Interest Period divided by the product of the actual number of calendar days in the 
subsequent Fixed Rate Interest Period and the number of Fixed Rate Interest Periods in any year. 
If Actual-360 is specified hereon, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360. 
If 30-360 is specified hereon, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last calendar 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 65 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 65 - 
36-41038800 
 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30". 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended. 
"Fixed Rate Interest Period" means the period from (and including) a Fixed Interest Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Fixed Interest Date. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
unless specified in the relevant Final Terms in these Terms and Conditions, mean the 
period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, each an "Interest 
Period"). 
If a business day convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding calendar day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day then, if the business day convention specified 
is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above, the Floating 
Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last calendar day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below of this subparagraph (1) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
calendar day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Interest Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next calendar day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 66 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 66 - 
36-41038800 
 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next calendar day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In addition, if (i) the Floating Rate Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(ii) Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) above and (iii) any Interest Payment Date falls on the last 
Business Day in any month, then each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Interest Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred. 
In this Condition: 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(C) 
a calendar day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Paris and any Business Centre specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(D) 
either (1) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and 
Renminbi, a calendar day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than Paris and any Business Centre) or (2) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a calendar day on which TARGET2 is 
operating; or (3) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a calendar day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong 
Kong and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any). 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Rate of Interest"). 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Fiscal Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended from time to time 
(the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") for a 
currency, the first calendar day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any other 
case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 67 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 67 - 
36-41038800 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(C), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions; the definition of "Banking 
Day" in the ISDA Definitions shall be amended to insert the words "are open for" in 
the second line after the word "general"; and "Euro-zone" means the region 
comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the euro. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the 
Fiscal Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 
5(b)(xiv) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) in respect of the determination of the Rate 
of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in 
the manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). Investors should consult the Issuer 
should they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes Where FBF Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (B), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and 
under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable) is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Calculation Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor means 
the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, 
as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. "FBF Definitions" means the 
definitions set out in the 2007 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF 
Master Agreement"), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the FBF Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(vi) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) in the case of EURIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in question, as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. For the purposes of these Conditions, "Reference Rate" 
means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 68 - 
36-41038800 
 
(vii) 
If, in the case of (C)(i)(1) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (C)(i)(2) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable but a Benchmark Event (as defined below) 
has not occurred, the Fiscal Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal financial centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations. 
(viii) 
If fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Fiscal Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Fiscal Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
calendar day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time. If the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the last Reference 
Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Fiscal Agent, plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(ix) 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes 
will be determined as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(x) 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), "Reference Banks" means four major 
banks selected by the Fiscal Agent in the market that are most closely connected with 
the Reference Rate, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(D) 
Benchmark Event  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, this Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) 
(Benchmark Event) will apply. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (C)(vii) and (C)(iii) above, if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination 
Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest 
Determination Date) appoint an agent, which may be a leading bank or benchmark 
agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (the "Reference Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a successor or alternative 
reference rate, which is substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate and 
is an industry accepted successor rate, is available for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of such 
determination (the "Replacement Reference Rate"). If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines that there is a Replacement Reference Rate, the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Calculation Agent of the 
Replacement Reference Rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the 
Rate of Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Reference 
Rate, then for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
(xi) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine the changes (if any) 
required to the applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, 
the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining 
the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such

--- Page 69 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 69 - 
36-41038800 
 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate and any 
necessary adjustment to the spread in order to limit any increase or decrease in the 
yield of the Notes resulting from the application of the Replacement Reference Rate, 
in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(xii) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be references 
to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(xiii) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such Replacement 
Reference Rate and the details described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and 
(xiv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices) of the Replacement Reference Rate, and of the details described in (xi) above 
as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London 
time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date. 
(xv) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, 
unless the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the 
Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference 
Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor or alternative reference rate, 
in which case the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination 
Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate 
Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate 
or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as 
described above. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
If a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer and such 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred 
but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not been determined, the Issuer 
may decide that no Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor or alternative 
reference rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
in such case will be equal to the last relevant Reference Rate available on the Relevant 
Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer). 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means: 
(1) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or  
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (or 
by the supervisor of the administrator of such Reference Rate) that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be 
appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate), the 
administrator has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or  
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or  
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 70 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 70 - 
36-41038800 
 
(5) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or  
(6) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (2), (3) or (4) above and the Specified Future 
Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the relevant Final Terms specify a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (xii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. If the relevant Final Terms 
specify a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (xii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. The Minimum Interest Rate shall not be 
less than zero. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual-Actual" or "Actual-365 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of 
calendar days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (ii) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual-365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual-Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Interest Period). If the 
Interest Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated 
as follows: 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last calendar 
day of the Interest Period; and 
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period 
calculated as set out in the first paragraph of this definition;

--- Page 71 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 71 - 
36-41038800 
 
(D) 
if "Actual-360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30-360", "360-360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, 
expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, 
expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of 
calendar days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 
12 months of 30 days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Interest Period is the last calendar day of the month of 
February, the number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days, where: 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 72 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 72 - 
36-41038800 
 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is 
the date of the end of the period the fraction is: 
 × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)] 
(H) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last calendar day of February but not the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, provided, 
however, that in each such case, the number of calendar days in the Interest Period is 
calculated from and including the first calendar day of the Interest Period to but 
excluding the last calendar day of the Interest Period. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth Paris Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i) (Interest 
Payment Dates)) thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to the Issuer, each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to Holders of Notes in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices). 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), whether by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents 
and all Holders of Notes and Coupons and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, 
the Holders of Notes and the Coupons shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent 
(if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
360
1

--- Page 73 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 73 - 
36-41038800 
 
If Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal Agent 
by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Fiscal Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
CNY Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each CNY Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest Determination Date, 
calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The 
determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all 
parties. The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents 
and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued 
interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. Unless otherwise agreed in the relevant Final 
Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
(e) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Each Fixed to Floating Rate Note bears interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may decide to convert at the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or (ii) which shall be 
automatically converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate at the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 74 - 
36-41038800 
 
(f) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes  
If "Sustainability Interest Step-Up Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
Fixed Rate Notes will be Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
(i) 
Interest Step-Up 
If a Sustainability Trigger Event has occurred as at any Target Observation Date falling prior to any Interest 
Step-Up Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Notes, in relation to the Interest 
Period ending on such Interest Step-Up Payment Date, will be the Existing Rate of Interest increased by 
the applicable Step-Up specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, upon the occurrence of a Sustainability Trigger Event, the Rate of Interest 
payable by the Issuer for the Interest Period ending on the relevant Interest Step-Up Payment Date(s) will 
be increased by the applicable Step-Up, unless, the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)), and the relevant 
early redemption date falls prior to the Interest Step-Up Payment Date, in which case, such Step-Up shall 
not apply as provided above, provided that, in the event of a redemption in part of each Note in accordance 
with Condition 7(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), the applicable Step-Up shall only apply in 
respect of the principal amount of each Note which remains outstanding on or after the Interest Step-Up 
Payment Date, without prejudice to the calculation of the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Notification of Sustainability Trigger Event 
If a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall give notice of such Sustainability Trigger Event 
and the related Step-Up to the Fiscal Agent, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices), to the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such 
Sustainability Trigger Event and in any event no later than the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Step-Up Payment Date. 
(iii) 
Reporting of Sustainability Performance Targets 
For each Fiscal Year from (and including) the Fiscal Year in which the Issue Date of any Sustainability-
Linked Notes falls and up to (and including) the Fiscal Year in which the last applicable Target 
Observation Date falls, the Issuer shall include in a dedicated section of its Universal Registration 
Document or publish on its website as a separate report or document: 
(A) 
the level of the relevant Key Performance Indicator as at 30 June (or, as the case may 
be, such other date falling within each such calendar year and which is the closing date 
of the Issuer's fiscal year) (the "Sustainability Performance Report"); and 
(B) 
an assurance report issued by the External Verifier confirming the level of the relevant 
Key Performance Indicator provided in the Sustainability Performance Report (the 
"Assurance Report"). 
For the Fiscal Year in which the relevant Target Observation Date falls, the Issuer shall include in a 
dedicated section of its Universal Registration Document or publish on its website as a separate report or 
document a certificate issued by the External Verifier confirming whether or not the Issuer has achieved 
the relevant Sustainability Performance Targets as at the applicable Target Observation Date (the "SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate"). 
The Sustainability Performance Report and the Assurance Report in respect of each Fiscal Year shall be 
published no later than the date of publication of the Issuer's Universal Registration Document in respect 
of such Fiscal Year. The SPT Verification Assurance Certificate shall be published no later than the date 
of publication of the Issuer's Universal Registration Document in respect of the Fiscal Year in which the 
relevant Target Observation Date falls (or, if earlier, the date falling 4 months after such Target 
Observation Date). 
(iv) 
Absence of Event of Default 
The occurrence of any Sustainability Trigger Event or the failure by the Issuer to publish the SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate in accordance with Condition 5(f)(iii) (Reporting of Sustainability 
Performance Targets) shall not constitute an Event of Default or a breach of the Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 75 - 
36-41038800 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the failure by the Issuer to pay the Step-Up as provided in Condition 5(f) 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes) could constitute an Event of Default in accordance with and subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10(a) (Non-Payment). 
(v) 
Recalculation  
In the event of a KPI Change, the level of the KPI used as a baseline on the relevant Baseline Date and/or 
the Sustainability Performance Target(s) may be recalculated in good faith by the Issuer to reflect such 
change, provided that an External Verifier has independently confirmed that the proposed revision is in 
line with the initial level of ambition of the Sustainability Performance Target(s), as described in the 
Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework.  
Any such change will be communicated as soon as reasonably practicable by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Make-whole Calculation Agent and notified to the Noteholders (copy to the 
Representative) (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)). 
Any other changes will be made with the prior approval of the Noteholders by way of Collective Decisions. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Baseline Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Conversion Factors" means the conversion factors used by the Group to calculate greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions from the relevant activities, such as IEA for electricity and DEFRA for other types of energy 
such as natural gas, fuel oil, coal, heat, and steam. 
"Existing Rate of Interest" means the Rate of Interest as payable in respect of the Notes from time to 
time, which shall be the Rate of Interest initially payable in respect of the Notes as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as may have been previously adjusted in accordance with Condition 5(f)(i) (Interest Step-Up).  
"External Verifier" means the external verifier specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or such other 
independent qualified assurance provider with relevant expertise, appointed by the Issuer to perform the 
functions required to be performed by the External Verifier under these Terms and Conditions, it being 
specified that any appointment of a replacement of the External Verifier initially named in the relevant 
Final Terms will be communicated by the Issuer in any of its Universal Registration Documents. 
"Environmental Reporting Methodology" means the reporting rules used by the Issuer as set out in the 
"Sustainability and Responsibility" or equivalent section of the latest available Universal Registration 
Document published by the Issuer or any future sustainable report published by the Issuer. 
"Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the Issuer, which in the current by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer is 
starting on 1 July and ending on 30 June each year.  
"GHG Emissions KPI" means the sum of the Group's Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions on 
Operated Sites, as determined by the Issuer, calculated in line with the GHG Protocol Standard using 
Conversion Factors and expressed in tCO2e.  
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document entitled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated from time to time). 
"Group" means the Issuer and any company whose majority share capital (50%) is held by the Issuer. 
"Interest Step-Up Payment Date" means any of the interest payment date(s) specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
"Key Performance Indicator" or "KPI" means any of the GHG Emissions KPI or the Water 
Consumption KPI, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"KPI Change" means any change in (i) the methodology for the calculation of any KPI to reflect changes 
in the market practice or the relevant market standards, (ii) any applicable laws, regulations, rules, 
guidelines and policies relating to the business of the Group, or (iii) the perimeter of the Group as a result 
of any acquisition, amalgamation, demerger, merger, corporate reconstruction or disposal or other form of

--- Page 76 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 76 - 
36-41038800 
 
reorganisation with similar effect, where any such change, taken individually or in aggregate, has a 
significant impact on the attainability of the Sustainability Performance Target(s).  
"Operated Sites" means production sites which have been under the Group's operational control for at 
least one Fiscal Year as at 30 June for the relevant Fiscal Year, and meeting the criteria for inclusion in 
the reporting scope as per the Environmental Reporting Methodology.  
"SBTi Criteria" means the criteria and recommendations published by the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) in their 3.0 version published on 23 May 2018. 
"Scope 1" means the direct greenhouse gas emissions emitted by the Group in absolute value, expressed 
in tCO2e, corresponding to greenhouse gas emissions from the Group's Operated Sites (e.g. from on site 
combustion of natural gas, fuel or coal). 
"Scope 2" means the indirect greenhouse gas emissions of the Group in absolute value, expressed in 
tCO2e, corresponding to indirect greenhouse gas emissions from consumption of purchased electricity, 
heat, steam or cooling in the Group's Operated Sites.  
"Step-Up" means the percentage(s), as the case may be in aggregate, specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable. 
"Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" means the framework defining the Issuer's sustainability 
strategy, key performance indicator and performance targets prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
option to issue Sustainability-Linked Notes and available on the Issuer's website by clicking here.  
"Sustainability Performance Targets" means the threshold or objective set for any given Key 
Performance Indicator to be observed on any corresponding Target Observation Date, if relevant compared 
to the level of such Key Performance Indicator used as a baseline and observed on the Baseline Date, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A "Sustainability Trigger Event" shall occur if (i) the applicable SPT Verification Assurance Certificate 
confirms that the Group has failed to achieve one or more of the applicable Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) on the relevant Target Observation Date, in which case the Sustainability Trigger Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred on the date on which such SPT Verification Assurance Certificate is published 
in accordance with Condition 5(f)(iii) (Reporting of Sustainability Performance Targets) or (ii) the Issuer 
fails to publish the applicable SPT Verification Assurance Certificate in accordance with Condition 
5(f)(iii) (Reporting of Sustainability Performance Targets), in which case the Sustainability Trigger Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred on the date of publication of the Universal Registration Document in 
respect of the Fiscal Year in which the relevant Target Observation Date falls (or, if earlier, the date falling 
4 months after such Target Observation Date). 
"Target Observation Date(s)" means any of the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as such. 
"Universal Registration Document" means the universal registration document (Document 
d'enregistrement universel) of the Issuer which it publishes on its website on an annual basis in relation to 
its latest audited annual consolidated financial statements.  
"Water Consumption KPI" means the volume of water consumed by the Group at distilleries which are 
Operated Sites, expressed in cubic meters (m3) per thousand litres of pure alcohol distilled (absolute 
alcohol kL), as determined by the Issuer.  
6. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders 
and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the 
relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. Any payment validly 
made to any such Account Holders, or to any such Bank (as defined below) designated by any Noteholder, 
will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payment. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes

--- Page 77 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 77 - 
36-41038800 
 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Materialised Notes 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(v) 
(Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 6(f)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn 
on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a 
Bank (as defined below). 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the country for such Specified Currency or, in 
the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of 
the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). References to 
"Specified Currency" will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent (if any) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Make-Whole Calculation Agent (if any), the Fiscal 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so 
require, (iv) a Paying Agent having its specified offices in at least one major European city, including in 
the case of Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and so long as the rules of, or applicable to, 
the relevant Regulated Market so require, in such other city where the Notes are admitted to trading, (v) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents 
as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 16 (Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and Reconventioning) with a view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other 
Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 15 (Further Issues and Consolidation), the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in 
respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to

--- Page 78 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 78 - 
36-41038800 
 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount 
of any accrued interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, where 
applicable, with the amount of any accrued interest corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum 
of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption 
Amount, Amortised Face Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
(each as defined below), as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any accrued 
interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) 
of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect 
of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription)). 
(h) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the Holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until the next following Payment Day 
in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of such delay. In 
this Condition, "Payment Day" means any calendar day which is: 
(i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business, or in the 
case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business 
in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial 
Centres" in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
a Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i) (Interest Payment Dates)). 
(i) 
Alternative Payment in U.S. Dollars 
If Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined below) occurs, the Issuer, on giving 
not less than five nor more than 30 calendar days irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices) to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the Spot Rate on the 
second FX Business Day prior to such payment or, if such rate is not available on such second FX Business 
Day, on the basis of the rate most recently available prior to such second FX Business Day.

--- Page 79 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 79 - 
36-41038800 
 
Any payment made under such circumstances in U.S. dollars will constitute valid payment, and will not 
constitute a default in respect of the Notes. 
"FX Business Day" shall mean a calendar day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in U.S. dollars in Hong Kong and New 
York. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and 
principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the CNY Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two CNY Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of the CNY Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes 
effective on or after the issue date of such CNY Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside 
Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation 
becomes effective on or after the issue date of the relevant CNY Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, 
due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"CNY Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong. 
"Spot Rate" means the spot U.S. dollar/CNY exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in 
the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the date of 
determination, on a deliverable basis by reference to the most recently available U.S. dollar/CNY official 
fixing rate for settlement in two FX Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the 
Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate. 
The Calculation Agent will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer or any holder of the Notes for any 
determination of any Spot Rate determined in accordance with this provision in the absence of its own 
gross negligence, bad faith or wilful misconduct. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Payments) by the Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders. 
(j) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, or designate, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation); 
(ii) 
the amount of principal payable in respect of the Notes which are redeemed on the Maturity Date 
("Final Redemption Amount"); 
(iii) 
the amount of principal payable in respect of the Notes which are redeemed early for tax reasons 
("Early Redemption Amount");

--- Page 80 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 80 - 
36-41038800 
 
(iv) 
the amount of principal payable in respect of the Notes which are redeemed early at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders ("Optional Redemption Amount(s)"), if applicable; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of 
the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
The Notes may not be redeemed other than in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) or 
Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its principal amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of a change in the laws or regulations of the French Republic, or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or in a treaty 
applicable to France, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations or treaty (including a judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction), becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of 
principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having 
to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 (Taxation) below, the Issuer may, at 
its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) or, at any time 
(if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes), subject to having given not more than 60 nor less than 
30 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) at their 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption notified by the Issuer, provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for French taxes or, if 
such date has passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders of the full amount then due 
and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 
8 (Taxation) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) at their 
principal amount plus accrued interest up to (but excluding) their effective redemption date 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be no 
earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
of principal and interest payable without withholding for French taxes or, if such date has passed, 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem, the Issuer shall, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Fiscal 
Agent,

--- Page 81 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 81 - 
36-41038800 
 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Materialised 
Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive 
Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have 
been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated 
Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes, the redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes 
in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of that 
Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Pre-Maturity Call Option 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices) to the Noteholders redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, at par together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from and including (a) the Call 
Option Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before 
the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than 10 years or (ii) six months before 
the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than 10 years, until but excluding (b) the 
Maturity Date.  
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than 10 years or the maturity of more 
than ten (10) years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 7(d). 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, having 
given not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes of 
any Series for the time being outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is given, 75 per 
cent. or more of the aggregate nominal amount originally issued of the Notes of such Series have been 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, provided that those Notes that are no longer outstanding have not 
been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or Condition 7(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer). Any such 
redemption shall be at par together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) (the "Make-Whole Call Notice"); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in 
the Final Terms,

--- Page 82 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 82 - 
36-41038800 
 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a 
"Make-whole Redemption Date") redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time 
prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
"Applicable Rate of Interest" means: 
(A) 
where the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date falls before the relevant Target 
Observation Date:  
(1) 
if the Issuer's most recently available Sustainability Performance Report on or 
prior to the Determination Date shows that the Group has already achieved or 
outperformed all of the applicable Sustainability Performance Targets, the 
Existing Rate of Interest; or  
(2) 
if the Issuer's most recently available Sustainability Performance Report on or 
prior to the Determination Date shows that the Group has not yet achieved all 
of the applicable Sustainability Performance Targets, or such report does not 
contain the information necessary to ascertain whether the Issuer has already 
achieved all of the applicable Sustainability Performance Targets, or no such 
Sustainability Performance Report has been made available on or prior to the 
Determination Date: (x) the Existing Rate of Interest up to (but excluding) the 
first day of the Interest Period ending on the applicable Interest Step-Up 
Payment Date next following the applicable Target Observation Date and (y) 
the Existing Rate of Interest plus the applicable Step-Up as from (and 
including) the first day of the Interest Period ending on the applicable Interest 
Step-Up Payment Date next following the relevant Target Observation Date 
and for the Interest Periods ending on the applicable Interest Step-Up Payment 
Dates thereafter; 
(B) 
where the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date falls on or after the applicable Target 
Observation Date: 
(1) 
if the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate is published on or prior to the 
Determination Date and a Sustainability Trigger Event has not occurred, the 
Existing Rate of Interest; or 
(2) 
if, on or prior to the Determination Date, it has not been possible to ascertain 
whether the Issuer has achieved all of the applicable Sustainability 
Performance Targets, (x) the Existing Rate of Interest up to (but excluding) the 
first day of the Interest Period ending on the applicable Interest Step-Up 
Payment Date next following the applicable Target Observation Date and (y) 
the Existing Rate of Interest plus the applicable Step-Up as from (and 
including) the first day of the Interest Period ending on the relevant Interest 
Step-Up Payment Date next following the applicable Target Observation Date 
and for the Interest Periods ending on the applicable Interest Step-Up Payment 
Dates thereafter; or 
(3) 
if a Sustainability Trigger Event has occurred on or prior to the Determination 
Date, (x) the Existing Rate of Interest up to (but excluding) the first day of the 
Interest Period ending on the Interest Step-Up Payment Date and (y) the 
Existing Rate of Interest plus the applicable Step-Up as from (and including) 
the first day of the Interest Period ending on the relevant Interest Step-Up 
Payment Date and for the Interest Periods ending on the applicable Interest 
Step-Up Payment Dates thereafter. 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes)) prior to the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Calculation Agent" means any international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption Amount, 
in each case as such make-whole calculation agent is identified in the relevant Final Terms or in the Make-
Whole Call Notice. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of:

--- Page 83 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 83 - 
36-41038800 
 
(iii) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of 
the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes up to and including the Maturity Date (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, 
but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) (determined on the basis of the 
Applicable Rate of Interest with respect to Sustainability-Linked Notes) discounted to the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole 
Redemption Margin; and 
(iv) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption 
Date, 
as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
If a Pre-Maturity Call Option (set out in Condition 7(d) (Pre-Maturity Call Option)) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole 
Redemption before the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent by taking into account the 
Call Option Date pursuant to Condition 7(d) (Pre-Maturity Call Option) and not the Maturity Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business Day preceding 
the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer 
Quotation"). 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks, selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If a Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in 
writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent 
expert and not as agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 7(f) (Make-whole 
Redemption by the Issuer). 
(g) 
Acquisition Event Call Option 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an 
Acquisition Event (as defined below) occurs, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 
30 calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) within 
the Acquisition Notice Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all (but not some only) of 
the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the relevant Acquisition Call Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 7(g).

--- Page 84 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 84 - 
36-41038800 
 
Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition (g), the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
An "Acquisition Event" shall have occurred if on or prior to the Acquisition Completion Date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Issuer has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as defined in 
the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition 
Target. 
(h) 
Redemption of the Notes at the Option of the Holders 
(i) 
If the Holders of Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem 
(a "Put Option"), upon the Holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. If the Holders of Notes are not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem then the Holders of Notes 
shall not have any option to redeem such Notes as described in this sub-paragraph (h)(i). 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note the Holder of such Note must deliver a 
duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice"), at any time within the notice 
period during normal business hours of such Paying Agent. In the Put Notice the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have attached to it 
such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Put 
Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may 
be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
If at any time while any of the Notes remains outstanding, (i) a Change of Control occurs and 
(ii) within the Change of Control Period a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of 
Control occurs and is not cured prior to the last calendar day of the Change of Control Period (a 
"Change of Control Event"), then each Noteholder shall have the option (the "Change of 
Control Put Option") to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the 
purchase of, part or all of its Notes at their principal amount together with accrued interest to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, the 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), specifying 
the nature of the Change of Control Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the Change of Control Put Option (the "Put Event Notice"). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require the redemption (or, at the Issuer's 
option, the purchase) of all or part of the Notes held by it, the Holder of the Notes must, within 
a 45-calendar day period (the "Put Period") after the Put Event Notice is given, transfer or cause 
to be transferred by its Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed (or purchased) to the account 
of the Paying Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the 
Put Period, together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form obtainable 
from the specified office of the Paying Agent (a "Put Option Notice") and in which the relevant 
Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this paragraph 
7(h)(ii). 
The Issuer shall, subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Paying Agent for the 
account of the Issuer as described above, redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the 
purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly 
exercised as provided above on the tenth Business Day following the expiration of the Put Period

--- Page 85 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 85 - 
36-41038800 
 
(the "Optional Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made 
in the Specified Currency to the holder to the Specified Currency bank account in the Put Option 
Notice on the Optional Redemption Date via the relevant Account Holders. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
A "Change of Control" will be deemed to have occurred each time (whether or not approved 
by the Conseil d'administration of the Issuer) that any person or group of persons acting in 
concert (personnes agissant de concert, as defined in Article L.233-10 of the French Code de 
commerce) at any time directly or indirectly gains control (as defined in Article L.233-3 I of the 
French Code de commerce) of the Issuer. 
"Change of Control Period" means, in relation to (and following) the occurrence of a Change 
of Control, the period commencing on the date of the first formal public announcement of the 
relevant Change of Control and ending on the date which is 90 calendar days (inclusive) after 
the date of such public announcement. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall occur in respect of a Change of Control if any of the Rating 
Agencies publicly announces, during the Change of Control Period, its decision to withdraw or 
reduce the rating of the Issuer by at least one full rating notch, expressly publicly stating that 
such withdrawal or reduction is directly linked to such Change of Control, provided however 
that no Negative Rating Event will occur as long as the rating assigned to the Issuer by any 
Rating Agency (including the Rating Agency having made such rating reduction) remains during 
the Change of Control Period equal or above to Ba1 by Moody's or BB+ by S&P (or their 
equivalent at the relevant time). 
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") or Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of the McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), in each case any of 
their respective successors and, in each case, solicited by the Issuer to grant a corporate credit 
rating to the Issuer. 
While any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to maintain a corporate credit 
rating assigned to the Issuer by at least one Rating Agency. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes with a Final Redemption Amount at their 
principal amount; 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the 
sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it shall 
be made (i) in the case of a Zero Coupon Note other than a Zero Coupon Note payable in euro, 
on the basis of a 360-calendar day year consisting of 12 months of 30 calendar days each and, 
in the case of an incomplete month, the number of calendar days elapsed; and (ii) in the case of 
a Zero Coupon Note payable in euro, on the basis of the actual number of calendar days elapsed 
divided by 365 (or, if any of the calendar days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the 
number of those calendar days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those 
calendar days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) or (in either case) on such other 
calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Accrual Yield" means the accrual yield specified in the relevant Final Terms; and "Reference 
Price" means the reference price specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 86 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 86 - 
36-41038800 
 
(j) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may 
be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation or, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, held 
in custody by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or sold, resold or otherwise disposed of by the Issuer in 
accordance and within the limits set by Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier as amended from time to time. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be cancelled, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts 
relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by surrendering to the Fiscal 
Agent the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (i)(ii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Fiscal Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(m) 
Obligation to redeem 
Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred to in paragraph (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (h) above, the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes to which the notice referred at the relevant redemption price applicable 
at the date of such redemption together with, if appropriate, interest accrued to, but excluding, the relevant 
redemption date. 
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest under or with respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed, levied or 
collected by or on behalf of France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note or Coupon be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the 
Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders or Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by the Noteholders 
or Couponholders had no such deduction or withholding been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, or to a third party: 
(i) 
on behalf of a Noteholder or a Couponholder who is liable to such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some present or future connection with France 
other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date 
(as defined below) except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been 
entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes presented for payment by or on behalf of a 
Noteholder or a Couponholder who would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction by

--- Page 87 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 87 - 
36-41038800 
 
presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the 
European Union or in the United Kingdom. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior 
to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders or the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices). 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of France, 
references in these Conditions to the Republic of France shall be construed as references to the Republic 
of France and/or such other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection 
with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA 
withholding") as a result of the Holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the 
Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable 
for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any paying 
agent or any other party. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include 
Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Representative (as defined 
in Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders)), acting upon request of one or several Noteholders representing no less than 
10 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding may give written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent (at its specified office) declaring all the Notes to be due and payable, whereupon all Notes will become due 
and payable at their principal amount plus accrued interest unless such event(s) shall have been remedied prior to 
the receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
Non-payment  
the Issuer is in default for more than 15 calendar days for the payment of any amount on the Notes, after 
the same shall become due and payable; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its other obligations under the 
Notes and such default has not been cured within 30 Business Days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer of a written notice identifying such default by the Representative of the Masse; or 
(c) 
Cross Default 
(i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for borrowed 
money becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or (ii) any 
such indebtedness is not paid when due, or (iii) any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer or any of 
its Principal Subsidiaries for, or in respect of, any such indebtedness of others is not honoured when due 
and called upon, subject, in each case, to a grace period equal to the greater of any applicable grace period 
and 10 calendar days, provided, in each case, that the relevant aggregate amount of the defaulted 
indebtedness, payment obligations, guarantee or indemnity in respect of which an event mentioned above 
has occurred exceeds €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether individually or in 
the aggregate, and unless, in each case, the Issuer or its relevant Principal Subsidiary challenges in good 
faith the relevant event before a court of competent jurisdiction, in which case none of the relevant events 
will constitute an Event of Default until a final judgment has been rendered by such relevant court; or 
(d) 
Dissolution and Merger

--- Page 88 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 88 - 
36-41038800 
 
the Issuer sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets or ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for its winding-up, 
dissolution or liquidation, unless (a) such disposal, winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or cessation is 
made or takes place in connection with a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other form of 
reorganisation with or to any other corporation and the Issuer's liabilities under the Notes are transferred 
to and assumed by such other corporation (including, without limitation, pursuant to a fusion, scission or 
apport partiel d'actifs) and (b) the long term rating assigned by S&P or Moody's to such other corporation 
immediately following such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other form of reorganisation is not 
lower than the long-term credit rating assigned by such agency to the Issuer immediately prior to such 
merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other form of reorganisation; or 
(e) 
Insolvency proceedings 
to the extent permitted by applicable laws, the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiaries enters into a 
composition with its creditors or a judgement is rendered for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
of the Issuer or of any of its Principal Subsidiaries or for a transfer of the whole of the business (cession 
totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries makes any conveyance 
for the benefit of, or enters into any agreement with, its creditors as a result of actual financial difficulties.  
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised 
Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either (i) 
they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth weekday (being a calendar day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) 
at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (b) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris and if the rules of Euronext Paris so require, through an avis issued by Euronext Paris 
and/or in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) 
and, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall 
be valid if published (i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times) or (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and if 
the rules of Euronext Paris so require, through an avis issued by Euronext Paris and/or in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) and, so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 12 (a), (b) and (c) above; 
except that (i) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and if the rules of Euronext 
Paris so require, notices shall be published through an avis issued by Euronext Paris, and/or in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), (ii) as long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated 
Market so require, notices shall be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city 
where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, and (iii) notices

--- Page 89 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 89 - 
36-41038800 
 
relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant to Condition 13 (Meetings of 
Holders) shall also be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
(e) 
Any notice published pursuant to this Condition 12 (Notices) shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. 
(f) 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS 
(a) 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 13 (Meetings of 
Holders). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the 
rights that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(b) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
(c) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative (the "Initial Representative") and its alternate (if any) 
(the "Alternative Representative"), will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by, the Alternative Representative if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. 
Any appointment or change of the Representative in accordance with this paragraph (c) will be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 12 (Notices). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the Alternative Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take 
all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the 
capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
(e) 
Collective Decisions

--- Page 90 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 90 - 
36-41038800 
 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or (ii) by the 
consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding, following a written consultation (the "Written Resolution").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 
0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective 
Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series 
(f) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, 
may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such 
General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call 
the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on 
first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a simple 
majority of votes cast by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office 
of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five 
(5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a representative at 
the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting, the 
Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate 
a provisional chairman until a new Representative has been appointed.  
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination 
comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
(g) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders of such Series by way of a resolution in writing (a "Written 
Resolution"). Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document 
or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders of 
such Series. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 12 (Notices) no less than 15 calendar days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Resolution (the "Written Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval

--- Page 91 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 91 - 
36-41038800 
 
of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will, by virtue of 
having expressed their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date, have irrevocably 
undertaken not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
Written Resolutions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of 
the principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are outstanding, without having to comply 
with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 12(f) (Notices). Approval of a Written Resolution 
may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
(h) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
Changes in the corporate form of the Issuer, or a merger or a demerger relating to an intra-group 
reorganisation within the current group perimeter, where the entity which will assume the liabilities of the 
Issuer under the Notes is incorporated in a member country of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (OECD), will not require prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders and 
consequently, the provisions of Article L.228-65 I 1°, in relation to proposed changes in the corporate 
form of the Issuer only, and 3°, in relation to the proposed merger or demerger of the Issuer, in the context 
of such intra-group reorganisation of the French Code de commerce, and the related provisions of the 
French Code de commerce, shall not apply to the Notes.  
(i) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all reasonable expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes. 
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such sole Noteholder shall 
exercise all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted with the Representative and the Collective 
Decisions by the provisions of this Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders), as appropriate. The Issuer shall 
hold a register of the decisions the sole Noteholder will have taken in such capacity and shall make them 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(k) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 15 (Further Issues 
and Consolidation), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders), the term "outstanding" shall not 
include those Notes that are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
14. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in relation 
thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Terms 
and Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) 
making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal 
or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of 
exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and 
(ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first 
currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such 
order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action.

--- Page 92 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 92 - 
36-41038800 
 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Notes 
or Coupons to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same 
in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same 
shall be consolidated (assimilées) and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the 
Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on 
or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Further Issues and Consolidation), without the consent of the Holders 
of Notes or Coupons, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued 
by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided such 
other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise 
have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes. 
16. 
REDENOMINATION, RENOMINALISATION AND RECONVENTIONING 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 16 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) is applicable 
to the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its intention to 
become, a Euro Participating Member State (as defined below): the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Holders of Notes or Coupons, on giving at least 30 calendar days' prior notice to such Holders and the 
Paying Agents, designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date under the 
Notes falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a Euro Participating Member State. 
(c) 
Redenomination and Renominalisation: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with 
effect from the Redenomination Date: the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that 
Note in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with European Union regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer 
determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent then market practice in respect of the redenomination 
into euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such provisions 
shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Holders, each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed and the Paying Agents 
of such deemed amendments; 
(i) 
if Materialised Notes have been issued: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or not 
attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date (the "Euro 
Exchange Date") on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Euro Exchange Notice") to 
the Holders that replacement Notes and Coupons denominated in euro are available 
for exchange (provided that such Notes and Coupons are available) and no payments 
will be made in respect thereof; 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the Specified Currency 
will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all other obligations of the Issuer 
thereunder (including the obligation to exchange such Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 16 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) shall remain 
in full force and effect; and 
(C) 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in euro will be issued in exchange for Notes and 
Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
may specify and as shall be notified to the Holders in the Euro Exchange Notice; and 
(ii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is on or after 
such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro, payments of interest 
in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro 
by cheque drawn on, or by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of any Member State of the European Union.

--- Page 93 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 93 - 
36-41038800 
 
(d) 
Interest and Reconventioning: Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 16 
(Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning), where Materialised Notes have been issued, 
the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for 
payment by the relevant Holder. In addition, the Issuer may make such changes to the day count fraction 
and business days applicable to the Notes in accordance with current market practice for Notes 
denominated in euro. 
(e) 
Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable and "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the 
Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET Settlement Day before the first 
calendar day of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning), 
"Euro Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts or has 
adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and "TARGET Settlement Day" 
means any calendar day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes (and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any action against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Commercial Courts of Paris, it being specified that, if the 
Chambre Internationale du Tribunal de Commerce de Paris has jurisdiction, the Issuer agrees to submit 
any such dispute to such Chambre of the court.

--- Page 94 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 94 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
FRENCH LAW TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the 
"Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after 
its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C Rules 
or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and Sale" below), in whole, but 
not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and  
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global Certificate 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base 
Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised 
Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons 
in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such 
Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date "Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after 
the expiry of 40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Further Issues and Consolidation), the Exchange Date for such 
Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after 
the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 95 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE  
The English Law Notes issued by PRIF under the Programme, will upon issue benefit from the full, unconditional and 
irrevocable guarantee of Pernod Ricard (the "Guarantor") pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 24 October 2022 governed 
by English law (the "Guarantee").  
For a description of the Guarantor, see sections "Documents incorporated by reference" and "Description of Pernod Ricard" 
of this Base Prospectus.  
The Guarantee is available for inspection by the public as provided in paragraph 6(a) of the section "General Information" of 
this Base Prospectus.  
The status of the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee is described under English Law Condition 4 (status of the 
Guarantee).  
The following is an extract from the Guarantee. Defined terms have the meaning given to them therein.  
"2.1 
Guarantee 
 
The Guarantor hereby fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees: 
2.1.1 
The Notes: to the holder of a Note the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer 
in respect of the relevant Note as and when the same become due and payable and accordingly undertakes to pay to 
such Noteholder, forthwith upon the demand of such Noteholder and in the manner and currency prescribed by the 
English Law Conditions for payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, any and every sum or sums which the 
Issuer is at any time liable to pay in respect of such Note and which the Issuer has failed to pay; and 
2.1.2 
The Direct Rights: to each Accountholder the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by 
the Issuer to such Accountholder in respect of the Direct Rights as and when the same become due and payable and 
accordingly undertakes to pay to such Accountholder, forthwith upon the demand of such Accountholder and in the 
manner and currency prescribed by the English Law Conditions for payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, 
any and every sum or sums which the Issuer is at any time liable to pay to such Accountholder in respect of the Notes 
and which the Issuer has failed to pay. 
2.2 
Indemnity 
The Guarantor fully, unconditionally and irrevocably agrees as a primary obligation to indemnify each Beneficiary 
from time to time, forthwith upon demand by such Beneficiary, from and against any loss incurred by such 
Beneficiary as a result of any of the obligations of the Issuer under or pursuant to any Note, the Deed of Covenant or 
any provision thereof being or becoming void, voidable, unenforceable, invalid, illegal or ineffective for any reason 
whatsoever, whether or not now existing and whether or not now known or becoming known to such Beneficiary or 
any other person, the amount of such loss being the amount which such Beneficiary would otherwise have been 
entitled to recover from the Issuer. Any amount payable pursuant to this indemnity shall be payable in the manner 
and currency prescribed by the English Law Conditions for payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations under this Deed of Guarantee 
and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action."

--- Page 96 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 96 - 
36-41038800 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in any relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of any Notes, after deduction of any 
management and underwriting commissions, any selling concessions and, when relevant, the expenses incurred in connection 
with the issue of any Notes, will be used by the Group for general financing and corporate purposes. 
If an Acquisition Event Call is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds for acquisition 
consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. The Final 
Terms will also state the potential use for general corporate purposes if the Acquisition Event occurs but Pernod Ricard elects 
not to use the call option following an Acquisition Event.

--- Page 97 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 97 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PERNOD RICARD 
Information on Pernod Ricard 
For a general description of Pernod Ricard, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the cross-reference lists 
appearing under "Documents Incorporated by Reference" (pages 28 to 33 of this Base Prospectus) above. 
In relation to the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the following list cross-references information contained in the 2022 
Universal Registration Document, for information purposes only as additional information that is not required by Annex 7 nor 
Annex 15 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation, for 
Noteholders that may wish to complete their understanding of the environmental policies of Pernod Ricard: 
Pernod Ricard's environmental policies, performance indicators and 
results 
Page numbers in the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document: 
• 
Sustainability and Responsibility strategy 
 
• 
Main risks and opportunities in terms of social and environmental 
responsibility  
 
• 
Sustainability and Responsibility roadmap 
 
• 
Ethics and compliance 
 
• 
Cross-reference tables for the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) 
 
• 
Methodology related to extra-financial reporting and auditor's report 
 
• 
Environmental Reporting Methodology 
  
Pages 102-103 
 
Pages 104 to 108 
 
Pages 108 to 143 
 
Pages 143 to 156 
 
Page 157 
 
 
Pages 158 to 164 
 
Page 158

--- Page 98 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 98 - 
36-41038800 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PERNOD RICARD INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LLC 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC (the "Issuer" or "PRIF") is a limited liability company organized and validly 
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware. PRIF was organized on August 10, 2020 and all of the existing membership 
interests in it are outstanding and held by its sole member, Pernod Ricard. Membership interests constitute the equity interests 
in a Delaware limited liability company. PRIF has perpetual existence, unless terminated in the event of an early dissolution. 
PRIF's registered office is located at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808 (New Castle County), telephone +1 
302 636 5400.  
PRIF is not rated by any internationally recognized rating agency. 
PRIF was formed as a special purpose financing company to raise funds in the capital markets or bank markets, including by 
means of issuance of Notes, to lend the proceeds thereof to Subsidiaries of Pernod Ricard. PRIF is a directly wholly-owned 
finance subsidiary for the Group and has no independent business operations, no subsidiaries and no employees. PRIF has not 
engaged, since its formation, and is not expected to engage in any business or activities other than those incidental to its 
formation, the authorization in relation to its accession to the Programme, the issuance of Notes under the Programme and of 
the notes referred to in the section headed "Recent Developments" of this Base Prospectus, and the on-lending of the proceeds 
to Subsidiaries of Pernod Ricard. PRIF's ability to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Notes will depend on payments made 
to it by the Subsidiaries in respect of such on-lending made by PRIF. All of the Notes issued by PRIF will be fully, 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. For further information on the risks relating to Pernod Ricard 
International Finance LLC as Issuer, see "Risk Factors—Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC is a special purpose 
financing company which will depend on payments by Subsidiaries of Pernod Ricard to provide it with funds to meet its 
obligations under the Notes". 
The fiscal year of PRIF ends on 30 June in each year with its first fiscal period running from the date of its formation to 30 
June 2021 and its second fiscal period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022.  
The affairs of PRIF are managed under the direction of a board of managers (the "Board of Managers"), which has full, 
complete and exclusive authority to control the business of PRIF, notably to (i) borrow money and issue evidences of 
indebtedness and grant security interests in any of its assets, (ii) exercise all rights and privileges with respect to the assets of 
PRIF, (iii) enter into and perform any contracts and other undertakings and engage in and carry on any activities and (iv) 
appoint or remove officers of PRIF, subject to the approval of Pernod Ricard for any actions of PRIF that involve expenditures, 
payment or incurrences of costs, expenses or indebtedness in excess of a certain threshold. 
Meetings of the Board of Managers may be called at any time and for any purpose by any Manager. Decisions are taken by a 
majority of the managers present at any meeting at which there is a quorum, except as may be otherwise specifically required 
by the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. Alternatively, the Board of Managers may take such action by written consent 
which shall be signed by the managers having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize 
or take such action at a meeting at which all managers are present.  
The initial Board of Managers comprises 3 managers. The number of managers constituting the entire Board of Managers may 
be increased or decreased from time to time by Pernod Ricard. Pernod Ricard may remove any manager at any time for any 
reason. The current managers of PRIF consist of Ann Mukherjee, Brian Chevlin and Vincent Turpin. 
Name 
Main Functions within the Group 
Functions outside the Group 
Ann Mukherjee 
• 
Chairman and CEO, Pernod Ricard North 
America 
• 
Director of Hertz Car Rental 
Brian Chevlin 
• 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, 
Pernod Ricard North America 
• 
n/a 
Vincent Turpin 
• 
Senior Vice President, CFO, Pernod Ricard 
North America 
• 
n/a 
The business address of the managers is located at 250 Park Avenue, 17th Floor, New York, NY 10177. 
The Board of Managers may designate natural persons to act as officers of PRIF. Any officers so designated shall have such 
authority and perform such duties as the Board of Managers may, from time to time, delegate to them. The Board of Managers 
may remove any officer, either with or without cause, whenever it is in its judgment in the best interest of PRIF. Corporation 
Service Company of 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808 (New Castle County) is the registered agent of PRIF.

--- Page 99 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 99 - 
36-41038800 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
1. Press release dated 17 October 2022 
"Pernod Ricard to acquire a majority stake in Código 1530 Ultra Premium and Prestige tequila, strengthening its 
agave portfolio. 
Pernod Ricard announces today the signing of an agreement for the acquisition of a majority shareholding of Código 
1530 Tequila, a range of Ultra-Premium and Prestige tequila. This new investment into the fast-growing agave category, 
mainly driven by the US market, complements the Group’s very comprehensive portfolio across price points and 
occasions.  
Founded in 2016 by Ron Snyder, Federico Vaughan and George Strait, the story of Código 1530 tequila, produced in the 
Mexican state of Jalisco, is based on the transmission of an ancestral tequila recipe following Los Códigos, “the codes” 
in English. Código tequila has positioned itself within a very competitive category, thanks to the unique quality 
proposition of its range of Ultra-Premium (Blanco, Rosa and Reposado) and Prestige products (Añejo, Barrel Strength 
Añejo and Origen Extra Añejo).  
Código is already available within 50 states across the US and is at the early stage of its international development with 
a presence in over 30 markets. Thanks to Pernod Ricard’s distribution expertise in ultra-premium & prestige brands and 
its successful experience in collaborating with entrepreneurs, Código is now poised to accelerate its global development 
and reach new consumers.  
Through this partnership, Pernod Ricard is expanding and diversifying the value proposition of its portfolio of tequila 
brands, which already includes Olmeca, Altos and Avion. The Group is also adding two new Mezcal references (Código 
Mezcal Artisanal and Código Mezcal Ancestral) to its market leading Mezcal portfolio built around the Del Maguey and 
Ojo de Tigre brands. The strengthening of the agave portfolio follows the Group’s recent investment in the sotol category 
through its acquisition of a minority stake in the ultra-premium Nocheluna brand. 
Alexandre Ricard, Chairman and CEO of Pernod Ricard, said: “Código’s range of exquisite tequilas reinforces our offer 
of Ultra Premium+ agave products in the US, where the category is enjoying a very strong momentum. It is a privilege 
to partner with Ron Snyder, Federico Vaughan and George Strait with whom we share a common vision for Código 1530 
and common ambition to strongly accelerate and strengthen the success of the brand”. 
For Ann Mukherjee, CEO of Pernod Ricard USA, “We are incredibly excited to welcome Código 1530 into our portfolio, 
enhancing our agave products offer especially in its upper segment where consumers and connoisseurs are eager to 
discover brands that combine strong roots with the most exclusive quality. Thanks to our newly enhanced portfolio, we 
have never been more confident to lead the growth of the spirits’ industry within the US market.” 
For Ron Snyder, “We are thrilled to join forces with such a savvy international powerhouse like Pernod Ricard.  Our 
goal for Código has always been to produce and share the best possible tequila. What started as simply enjoying our 
tasty tequila with friends in Mexico, quickly grew into an aspiration to share Código with discerning consumers around 
the world." 
To gain the backing of Pernod Ricard is a powerful alliance, and a logical progression that will benefit consumers with 
an expanded reach through our collaborative growth. We look forward to working closely with Alex, Ann & the Pernod 
Ricard team as we build our brand globally.” 
Perella Weinberg Partners acted as financial advisor to Pernod Ricard and Debevoise & Plimpton LLP acted as its legal 
advisor. Rothschild & Co acted as financial advisor to Código and Perkins Coie LLP acted as its legal advisor." 
2. Press release dated 13 October 2022 
"Pernod Ricard to reinforce its partnership with Sovereign Brands, strengthening its US market exposure and 
boosting its consumer centric innovation pipeline  
Pernod Ricard announces today that it will significantly increase its minority stake in Sovereign Brands’ portfolio of 
super premium wine and spirits brands. This additional investment will strengthen the already successful and ambitious 
long-term partnership initiated in September 2021.  
At the closing of this transaction, Pernod Ricard will fully consolidate Sovereign Brands in its financial statements due 
to various call options through which Pernod Ricard may look to further increase its stake in the partnership in the future.

--- Page 100 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 100 - 
36-41038800 
 
Sovereign Brands is a family company founded by brothers Brett and Brian Berish, who are among the industry’s most 
innovative and creative beverage alcohol brand builders, in the world’s leading spirits market, the United States. It is 
currently one of the fastest-growing companies in the beverage alcohol industry. The consolidation of Sovereign Brands 
is expected to be accretive on Pernod Ricard’s operating margin*.  
Over the last 12 months, and in the frame of their long term partnership, Pernod Ricard and Sovereign Brands have 
already significantly accelerated the growth of Sovereign’s exciting brand portfolio including French super-premium 
sparkling wine Luc Belaire (circa 1 million 9L cases in 2021), a range of Caribbean rums sold under the Bumbu brand 
(circa 300K 9L cases in 2021), the Brazilian gin McQueen and the Violet Fog and the French liqueur Villon. Both 
companies have also initiated a number of joint incubation projects, with an initial brand planned for a full scale launch 
in the coming months.  
This additional investment is in line with the Pernod Ricard strategic plan Transform & Accelerate and reflects its 
ambition to further enhance its consumer-centric portfolio development and invest in anticipated growth categories. This 
partnership is a winning combination of like-minded companies committed to build global brands that tap into cultural 
trends and foster strong brand advocacy.  
Closing, which is expected to occur in November 2022, remains subject to fullfilment of customary closing conditions, 
including regulatory clearances.  
“Our partnership with Sovereign Brands has already proven to be very successful, with brands such as Bumbu and Luc 
Belaire now reaching an ever growing number of consumers in the US and abroad. I believe we are perfectly matched 
as two consumer-centric companies with a shared commitment of creativity, innovation and brand building” says 
Alexandre Ricard, Chairman and CEO of Pernod Ricard.  
Brett Berish, CEO of Sovereign Brands, stated : “In the year since we first announced our partnership with Pernod 
Ricard, everything that we could have hoped for from the relationship has come to pass. With the upcoming launch of 
our innovative first joint brands together, it’s the perfect time to deepen our partnership.”.  
*Accretive effect on Pernod Ricard’s profit from recurring operations estimated to c.+3% on a full-year basis"

--- Page 101 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 101 - 
36-41038800 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [] 
[Pernod Ricard] 
[Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC] 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Pernod Ricard] 
under the Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer (LEI): [52990097YFPX9J0H5D87]/[5493009254WI1A8WXT48] 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Guarantor (LEI): 52990097YFPX9J0H5D87 
 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. The Issuer is not a manufacturer for the purposes of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 102 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 102 - 
36-41038800 
 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed 
capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)]/["capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018)].] 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under the heading ["Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes" / "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes"] in the Base Prospectus dated 
24 October 2022 [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined in the Base Prospectus dated 24 October 2022) (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are 
available for viewing at [address] during normal business hours [and] [website] and copies may be obtained from [address] 
and will be available on the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") website (www.amf-france.org).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [English/French] Law Conditions (the "[] 
Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 October 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined in the Base Prospectus dated 24 
October 2022) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 24 October 2022 [and the Supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
save in respect of the [] Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [] and are incorporated by reference 
hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms, the Base Prospectus dated 24 October 2022 and the [] Conditions [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [] and []]. [The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available for viewing at [address] 
during normal business hours [and] [website] and copies may be obtained from [address] and will be available on the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the "AMF") website (www.amf-france.org).] 
1. 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[] 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Pernod Ricard] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Applicable Terms and Conditions  
[French Law Conditions]/[English Law Conditions] 
(iv) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(v) 
[Tranche Number: 
[]] 
(vi) 
[Date on which Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series 
and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [identify earlier 
tranche] on []/the Issue Date which is expected to occur on or about 
[]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[] 
(i) 
Series: 
[]

--- Page 103 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 103 - 
36-41038800 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from []] (in the case of fungible notes only, if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
6. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[[]/[insert if Floating Rate Notes] Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[] per cent. Fixed Rate][[EURIBOR] +/– [] per cent. Floating 
Rate][Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate](further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
For the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date, 
up to (but excluding) [], paragraph [13]/[14] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13]/[14] applies]/[Not Applicable]. 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-whole Redemption] [will apply unless otherwise specified] 
[Clean-up call option] 
[Pre-Maturity Call Option] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. 
 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior unsecured 
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee  
[Senior] / [Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]] 
12. 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions ([English 
Law Condition 6(a) (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Notes)] /[French Law Condition) 
5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)]) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-annually/quarterly/ 
monthly/other []] in arrear] [, as may be adjusted from time to time 
in accordance with French Law Condition 5(f) and paragraph [15] 
below]

--- Page 104 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 104 - 
36-41038800 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [insert Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of "Business Day"]1/ [not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[s]: 
[[] per [] in Nominal Amount/ [Not Applicable 2] [as may be 
adjusted from time to time in accordance with French Law Condition 
5(f) and paragraph [15] below] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Specified Denomination, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable] [as may be adjusted from 
time to time in accordance with French Law Condition 5(f) and 
paragraph [15] below] 
(v) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
[30-360]/[Actual-Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual-360] 
(vi) 
Fixed Interest Dates: 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
Only relevant where Fixed Day Count Fraction is Actual-Actual 
(ICMA)) 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculation of 
Interest Amounts (if not the Fiscal 
Agent)3: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions ([English 
Law 
Condition 
6(b) 
(Interest 
on 
Floating Rate Notes)]/[French Law 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes)]) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
[FBF Determination] 
[ISDA Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[] 
(viii) 
(Screen Rate Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
 
1 
Applicable for CNY Notes 
2 
Not applicable for CNY Notes 
3 
Applicable for CNY Notes

--- Page 105 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 105 - 
36-41038800 
 
• 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[] [TARGET2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest Period/each Interest 
Payment Date]] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
(ix) 
[FBF Determination [(delete paragraph 
in the case of English Law Notes)] 
 
• 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
• 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable):] 
[] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[Zero / []] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/365 (FBF)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] / [Actual/360 (adjusted/unadjusted)] / [30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E-360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E-360 
(FBF)] / [30E-360 (ISDA)] / [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Sustainability Interest Step-Up Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) (Specify applicable for Sustainability-Linked Notes (only 
under French Law Conditions)) 
 
(i) 
Key Performance Indicator(s): 
[GHG Emissions KPI/Water Consumption KPI] 
(ii) 
Sustainability Performance Target(s): 
[] in respect of [specify relevant Key Performance Indicator and the 
related Target Observation Date if more than one are included] 
 
[[] in respect of []] 
 
(iii) 
External Verifier: 
[] 
(iv) 
Baseline Date(s): 
[] in respect of [specify relevant Key Performance Indicator if more 
than one are included] 
 
[[] in respect of []] 
 
(v) 
Target Observation Date(s): 
[[] [and []]

--- Page 106 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 106 - 
36-41038800 
 
(vi) 
Step-Up: 
[] per cent. [per annum] with respect to the Target Observation Date 
falling on [][and with respect to [] Sustainability Performance 
Target]  
 
(repeat as necessary for each Target Observation Date) 
 
(vii) 
Interest Step-Up Payment Date(s): 
 
 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling on [] [and on []] [the Maturity 
Date]  
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option ([English Law Condition 
8(c) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option)) /[French Law 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option))])/ 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Call) 
of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] 
18. 
Put Option ([English Law Condition 
8(g) (Redemption of the Notes at the 
Option of the Holders)]/[French Law 
Condition 7(h) (Redemption of the Notes 
at the Option of the Holders) ]) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Put) 
of each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
Make-whole Redemption ([English Law 
Condition 
8(f) 
(Make-whole 
Redemption by the Issuer)]/[French Law 
Condition 
7(f) 
(Make-whole 
Redemption by the Issuer)]) 
Applicable / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 107 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 107 - 
36-41038800 
 
(i) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer of Make-
whole Redemption Date and Make-
whole Redemption Amount (if other 
than set out in [English Law Condition 
8(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the 
Issuer)]/[French Law Condition 7(f) 
(Make-whole 
Redemption 
by 
the 
Issuer)]: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[] 
(iii) 
Discounting basis for purposes of 
calculating sum of the present values of 
the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on Redeemed 
Notes in the determination of the Make-
whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual] 
(iv) 
Reference Security: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As specified in the Make-Whole Call Notice] 
20. 
Pre-Maturity Call Option ([English Law 
Condition 
8(d)(Pre-Maturity 
Call 
Option)]/[French Law Condition 7(d) 
(Pre-Maturity Call Option)]) 
Applicable / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraph below) 
(i) 
Call Option Date: 
[] 
21. 
Clean-up call option ([English Law 
Condition 8(d) (Pre-Maturity Call 
Option)/[French Law Condition 7(e) 
(Clean-up Call Option)]) 
Applicable/ [Not Applicable] 
22. 
Acquisition Event Call Option (French 
Law Condition 7(g) (Acquisition Event 
Call Option)) 
(i) 
Acquisition Target:  
(ii) 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
(iii) 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount: 
(iv) 
Acquisition Notice Period:  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraph below) 
 
[] 
 
[] 
 
 
[] 
 
 
The period from [[] / [the Issue Date]] to 
[[]/the Acquisition Completion Date] 
 
 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount (for tax 
reasons) ([English Law Conditions 8(b) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons) and 8(h) 
(Early Redemption Amounts)]/[French 
Law Conditions 7(b) (Redemption for 
Tax 
Reasons) 
and 
7(i) 
(Early 
Redemption Amounts))]) 
[[100] / [] per cent. per Specified Denomination] 
[Calculation basis: [As set out in the Condition /[]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[The following elections apply in respect of English Law Notes:]

--- Page 108 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 108 - 
36-41038800 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Note Certificate.] 
[The following elections apply in respect of French Law Notes:] 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes 
are only in bearer form) (Delete as appropriate) 
(i) 
[Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) [/Registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif)]] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] (if Applicable give name and details. 
Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Registered Notes only.) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised Notes on [] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 calendar 
days after the Issue Date subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Days: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] (Note that this item relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
items 13(ii) and 14(iv) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No] (Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
27. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification 
information 
of 
the 
Noteholders as provided by Condition 
(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification information of 
the Noteholders as provided by Condition 1(a)(i) is contemplated, 
delete this paragraph)]° [(delete paragraph in case of English Law 
Notes)] 
28. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions in [English Law Condition 17 
(Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning)] / [French 
Law Condition 16 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and 
Reconventioning))]] apply] 
29. 
Redenomination Agent 
[]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable to English Law Notes) 
30. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in [English Law Condition 16 
(Further Issues and Consolidation)]/[French Law Condition 15 
(Further Issues and Consolidation)]] apply] 
31. 
Consolidation Agent  
[]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable to English Law Notes) 
32. 
[Representation 
of 
holders 
of 
Notes/Masse:] 
Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders) applies. [(delete paragraph in 
case of English Law Notes)] 
[The Initial Representative shall be: []] 
[The Alternative Representative shall be: []] 
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration of [] per 
year/The Representative will not be entitled to a remuneration] 
33. 
Governing Law:  
The Notes [and the Coupons] and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes [and the Coupons] will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, [English 
Law / French Law]

--- Page 109 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 109 - 
36-41038800 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
34. 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[] 
(iii) 
(Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] (If applicable, give name) 
35. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
36. 
[Total commission and concession: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
37. 
[US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
38. 
Additional information in respect of the 
Canadian selling restriction: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
Signed on behalf of [insert Issuer] as Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
 
[Signed on behalf of Pernod Ricard as Guarantor: 
By: 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 110 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 110 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING AND LISTING 
(i) 
Admission to trading and 
listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be [listed and] admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / 
[specify relevant regulated market] with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be [listed and] admitted to trading on []] with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
The Issuer has securities of the same class listed on []. (Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original Notes 
are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been / are expected to be] rated: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
[[Insert the full name of the credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] 
established in the European Union and [has/have] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the " EU CRA 
Regulation"), as amended, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority.]4 
[[Insert the full name of the credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), as amended. As 
such, [insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[The rating [Insert the full name of the credit rating agency/ies] 
[has/have] given to the Notes [is/are] endorsed by a credit agency 
which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
[[Insert the full name of the credit rating agency/ies] [has/have] 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
4  It is important for the Issuer to liaise with the relevant credit rating agencies to determine (i) the specific legal entity which 
will issue the credit ratings and (ii) the status of any application which has been made to the relevant competent authority 
by that entity. It is recommended that these enquiries are made at an early stage to allow sufficient time for the information 
to be obtained.

--- Page 111 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 111 - 
36-41038800 
 
[[Insert the full name of the credit rating agency/ies] [has/have] not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
"Save as discussed in [], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer."][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[General financing purposes of the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries.]/ [] 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
will need to include those reasons here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
5. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[]. 
The yield is calculated on the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
[If the Step-Up of [] per cent. (applying on the Interest Step-Up 
Payment Dates) is applied, the yield in respect of the Notes, being 
calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price of the 
Notes, would be [] per cent. per annum. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
 
6. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to [] which is provided by []. As at [], [] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks

--- Page 112 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 112 - 
36-41038800 
 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]/ As at [], [] appears 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom.]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
Depositaries: 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to 
act 
as 
Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] (Address) 
(b) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme: 
[Yes/No](Address) 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
France, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking société 
anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] (If applicable, give name(s) and number(s) 
[and address(es)]) 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agents: 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[]

--- Page 113 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 113 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
US TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax laws relating to the Notes and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
discussion of the tax treatment of every Series of Notes. Prospective purchasers of any Series of Notes are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers as to the consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of any Series of Notes in light of 
their particular circumstances, including, but not limited to, the consequences of the receipt of interest and the sale or 
redemption of any Series of Notes. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
The following discussion describes the principle U.S. federal income tax consequences of ownership and disposition of the 
English Law Notes by non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) that purchase the English Law Notes at original issuance for the 
price on the cover of the relevant offering materials and will hold the English Law Notes as capital assets (generally, property 
held for investment). This discussion does not consider the specific facts and circumstances that may be relevant to a particular 
Non-U.S. Holder. In particular, this discussion does not address, among others, potential investors that: are banks, own 
(directly or through attribution) equity possessing 10% or more of the total combined voting power or value of the Issuer, are 
controlled foreign corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are considered to be related parties of the Issuer, are 
treated as earning income on an English Law Note that is effectively connected with a trade or business of the potential investor 
in the United States or are individuals that are present in the United States for 183 days or more in a taxable year in which they 
dispose, or are treated as disposing, of an English Law Note.  
The discussion below is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), U.S. Treasury regulations 
thereunder, and judicial and administrative interpretations thereof, all as of the date of this Base Prospectus and any of which 
may at any time be repealed, revoked or modified or subject to differing interpretations, potentially retroactively, so as to result 
in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. In addition, there can be no assurances that the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") would not assert, or that a U.S. court would not uphold, positions concerning the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of an English Law Note that are 
contrary to the discussion below. No ruling will be sought from the IRS with respect to any statement or conclusion in this 
discussion, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge such statement or conclusion in the following 
discussion or, if challenged, a court will uphold such statement or conclusion. Persons considering the purchase of the English 
Law Notes should consult the applicable Final Terms for any additional discussion regarding U.S. federal income taxation and 
their tax advisers with regard to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any 
tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction. 
If an entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes owns the English Law Notes, the 
tax treatment of the partnership and a partner in such partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the 
activities of the partnership. A partnership considering an investment in English Law Notes should consult its own tax adviser 
as to its consequences. 
The summary of U.S. federal income tax consequences set out below is for general information only. Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisers as to the particular tax consequences to them of owning the Notes, including 
the applicability and effect of state, local, non-U.S. and other tax laws and possible changes in tax law. 
As used herein, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of an English Law Note that is, for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, a non-resident alien individual, a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of a jurisdiction outside 
of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or an estate or trust the income of which is not subject to U.S. federal 
income taxation regardless of its source. 
The following summary does not discuss English Law Notes that are characterised as contingent payment debt instruments for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event PRIF issues contingent payment debt instruments, as a Supplement may indicate 
if there are different U.S. federal income tax consequences to consider, as appropriate. 
Subject to the discussion below concerning FATCA (defined below), payments of principal and interest (including original 
issue discount, if any) on the English Law Notes to a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax 
(including backup withholding), provided that, the Non-U.S. Holder certifies on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or 
applicable successor form under penalties of perjury that it is not a U.S. person. A Non-U.S. Holder that fails to certify on the 
appropriate IRS Form W-8 its status as a non-U.S. person will generally be subject to U.S. withholding on payments of interest 
(and original issue discount, if any) on an English Law Note at a flat rate of 30%. Additionally, subject to the discussion below 
concerning FATCA (defined below), a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on gain realised on the 
sale, exchange or other disposition of an English Law Note.

--- Page 114 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 114 - 
36-41038800 
 
FATCA 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations, commonly referred to as "FATCA", 
generally impose a 30% withholding tax on certain U.S. source "withholdable payments" made to a "foreign financial 
institution", and, in the future, may impose such withholding on "foreign passthru payments" made by a foreign financial 
institution (each as defined in the Code), unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been 
satisfied. Interest payments made with respect to English Law Notes to a foreign financial institution are withholdable 
payments. Under current guidance, the term "foreign passthru payment" is not defined and it is, therefore, not clear whether 
or to what extent interest payments made by foreign financial institutions with respect to French Law Notes would be 
considered to be foreign passthru payments. The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into, or 
announced their intention to negotiate, intergovernmental agreements ("IGAs") to facilitate the implementation of FATCA 
which modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. Under the FATCA rules and any relevant IGAs, the Issuers 
will be subject to certain diligence, reporting and withholding obligations. Prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers regarding the potential impact of FATCA, relevant IGAs and any non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA on an 
investment in the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences of a purchase, 
ownership and disposition of Notes, including, without limitation, the applicability and effect of any state, local or 
non-U.S. tax laws to which they may be subject, and of any legislative or administrative changes in law.

--- Page 115 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 115 - 
36-41038800 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a dealer agreement (the "Dealer Agreement") dated 24 October 2022, 
between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers (the "Permanent Dealers") and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the relevant Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the relevant Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Permanent Dealers (any such institution, if appointed, in addition to the 
Permanent Dealers, a "Dealer"). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time 
of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
Each of the Issuers has entered into an agreement with the Arranger for any expenses incurred by it in connection with the 
Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of the Issuers and, in respect of Notes issued by PRIF, the Guarantor has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the 
relevant Issuer.  
United States of America 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been or will be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any State 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act and applicable State securities laws. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons pursuant to and in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code") and regulations thereunder. Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the 
rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that such 
Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued 
under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the 
"C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will be considered to be in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes or will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes or Registered Notes. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, except as 
permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver Notes, of any identifiable 
Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after the completion of the 
distribution of any identifiable Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, an offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Tranche of Notes) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside the 
United States. The Issuers and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for 
any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, 
is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuers of any of its contents to any such U.S. person 
or other person within the United States, is prohibited.

--- Page 116 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 116 - 
36-41038800 
 
Selling Restrictions – Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1. 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
2. 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions – Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1. 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
2. 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
1. 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(a) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(b) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
2. 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; and

--- Page 117 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 117 - 
36-41038800 
 
3. 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealer and the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable, has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes in France, to qualiﬁed investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article and L.411-2 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed, and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France to such qualified investors, this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Netherlands Securities Laws 
Compliance with Dutch Savings Certificates Act: Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the 
relevant Issuer or a member firm of Euronext (Amsterdam) admitted in a function on one or more of the markets or systems 
operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) 
of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer 
and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of 
the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either 
in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series or Tranche 
of Notes are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution 
or immediately thereafter. In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation 
to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. As used herein "Zero Coupon 
Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which 
interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes in the Republic of Italy ("Italy") and that 
copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes have not and will not be distributed 
in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Consolidated 
Financial Services Act") and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(a) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the "Banking Act") and CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time;  
(i) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(ii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is exclusively responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of the Notes it purchased in 
this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
Switzerland

--- Page 118 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 118 - 
36-41038800 
 
Unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, (a) each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland offer, sell, or advertise the Notes in a way that would constitute a public offering within the meaning of article 35 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA"), except under the following exemptions under the FinSA: (y) to any investor 
that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA, or (z) in any other circumstances falling within article 
36 of the FinSA, provided, in each case, that no such offer of Notes referred to in (y) and (z) above shall require the publication 
of a prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent document) for offers of Notes pursuant to the FinSA, and (b) 
each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge and agree, that (i) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document related to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus, as such term is understood pursuant to article 35 FinSA and the implementing ordinance to the FinSA, or a key 
information document (or an equivalent document) within the meaning of article 58 FinSA, and (ii) neither this Base 
Prospectus (including the applicable Final Terms)  nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offer and the 
Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland in a manner which would require the publication of a 
prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent document) in Switzerland pursuant to the FinSA. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge that 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 
of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act") and has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, 
that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which 
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than 
(a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) of Hong Kong (the 
"SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being 
a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the 
purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the 
Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong 
(except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Notes, directly or indirectly, in the PRC 
or to PRC persons, for such purpose, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan, 
except as permitted by applicable PRC laws and regulations. 
Further, no PRC persons may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein without 
obtaining all prior approvals or completing all registrations or filings that are required from PRC regulators, whether statutorily 
or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this document are required by the Dealer and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme to observe these restrictions. 
 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.

--- Page 119 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 119 - 
36-41038800 
 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject 
of any invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
any invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base 
Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under 
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business of which 
is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is 
an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary 
of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or 
securities based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA), of that corporation or beneficiaries' 
rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months after that corporation 
or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or where such transfer to any person arises from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof in 
contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not and will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of 
residents of Canada, in contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has also agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree not to distribute this Base Prospectus, or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes, in Canada except in compliance with the securities laws of Canada or any province 
or territory thereof. 
General 
Other than with respect to the listing of the Notes on such stock exchange as may be specified in the Final Terms, no action 
has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, or the Dealers that would permit 
a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuers and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in 
all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction 
(set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the 
date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers 
described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the relevant Dealer or, as the case may be, the 
Dealers. Any such supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or

--- Page 120 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 120 - 
36-41038800 
 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this document. The 
relevant Dealers will be required to comply with such selling restrictions as so supplemented and/or modified. 
Each of the Dealers, the Issuers and the Guarantors, has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.

--- Page 121 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 121 - 
36-41038800 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the update of the Programme, the issuance of Notes and the granting of the Guarantee (to the extent applicable). 
The update of the Programme, the issuance of Notes and the granting of the Guarantee has been authorised by: 
(a) 
a resolution was passed by the Conseil d'administration (Board of Directors) of Pernod Ricard on 31 
August 2022 whereby the Board of Directors authorised for a duration of one year from 31 August 2022, 
the issue by Pernod Ricard and PRIF of Notes up to an aggregate amount of €2,000,000,000; 
(b) 
a resolution was passed by the Conseil d'administration (Board of Directors) of Pernod Ricard on 31 
August 2022 whereby the Board of Directors authorised the granting of the full, unconditional and 
irrevocable Guarantee by Pernod Ricard benefiting to the Noteholders of any Notes issued by PRIF under 
the Programme;  
(c) 
a written consent of the Board of Managers of PRIF on 7 October 2022 whereby the Board of Managers 
authorized the issue of Notes by PRIF; and  
(d) 
a written consent of Pernod Ricard as sole member of PRIF on 4 October 2022 approving the update of 
the Programme. 
2. 
AMF approval statement 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and has received approval number 22-421 on 24 October 2022. The AMF has only approved 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
3. 
Validity of Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) months 
after its approval by the AMF, until 24 October 2023, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant 
to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material 
mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by 
reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus 
will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
4. 
Listing and admission to trading of Notes 
Application will be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such stock exchange as the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer may agree. 
5. 
The Legal Entity Identifier  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Pernod Ricard is 52990097YFPX9J0H5D87 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC is 5493009254WI1A8WXT48.  
6. 
Documents Available 
So long as any Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme and/or remain outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted), from the registered office of Pernod Ricard and the office of the Fiscal 
Agent, as well as on the website of Pernod Ricard (www.pernod-ricard.com):

--- Page 122 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 122 - 
36-41038800 
 
(a) 
the up to date statuts of Pernod Ricard; 
(b) 
the up to date operating agreement of Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any Supplements 
to this Base Prospectus);  
(d) 
the English Law Agency Agreement (which contains information relating to the representation of holders 
of English Law Notes); and 
(e) 
any future prospectuses (including Final Terms (save those Final Terms relating to an unlisted Note will 
only be available for inspection by a Noteholder and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Fiscal Agent as to the identity of such Noteholder)) and supplements to this Base Prospectus and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference, 
and the following documents will be available, during usual business hours of any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays 
and public holidays excepted), for the inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
a copy of the Guarantee, 
(b) 
a copy of the Deed of Covenant. 
This Base Prospectus and any Supplement to the Base Prospectus will be made available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). 
7. 
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems 
which are entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or with 
the registration agent. The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
Registered Notes will be cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream. 
If the Notes are cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. 
Trend Information and No Significant Change 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of the documents incorporated by 
reference on page 28 to 33), in the "Recent Developments" section of this Base Prospectus, there has been (i) no 
signiﬁcant change in the ﬁnancial position or financial performance of (a) Pernod Ricard or the Group since 30 
September 2022 and (b) Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC since 30 June 2022 and (ii) no material adverse 
change in the prospects of (a) Pernod Ricard since 30 June 2022 and (b) Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC 
since 30 June 2022.  
9. 
Litigation and Arbitration Proceedings 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of the documents incorporated by 
reference on page 28 to 33 of this Base Prospectus), Pernod Ricard and Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC 
have not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which Pernod Ricard or Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC are aware) during, 
the twelve (12) months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of Pernod Ricard, Pernod Ricard International Finance 
LLC and /or the Group.

--- Page 123 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 123 - 
36-41038800 
 
10. 
Material contracts  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of the documents incorporated by 
reference on pages 28 to 33 and in the "Recent Developments" section of this Base Prospectus), there are, at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of Pernod Ricard's and 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC's business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to Pernod Ricard's or Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC's ability to 
meet their obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued under the Programme.  
11. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies' Conflicts of Interest 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, each of Pernod Ricard and Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC believes 
that there are no potential conflicts of interest which are material to the issue of Notes under the Programme, between 
(a) the duties of the members of the Conseil d'administration of Pernod Ricard and their private interests and/or their 
other duties and (b) the duties of the members of the Board of Managers of Pernod Ricard International Finance 
LLC and their private interests and/or their other duties. 
12. 
Statutory Auditors 
KPMG S.A., (2, avenue Gambetta Tour Eqho, CS 60055 92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex France) and Deloitte & 
Associés (6, place de la Pyramide Tour Majunga, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex France) have audited, and rendered 
unqualified reports on Pernod Ricard's consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 30 June 2021 
and 30 June 2022. KPMG S.A. and Deloitte & Associés are members of the Compagnie régionale des Commissaires 
aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre and are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and 
duly authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes). 
KPMG S.A., (2, avenue Gambetta Tour Eqho, CS 60055 92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex France) as one of the 
Statutory Auditors of Pernod Ricard, has audited, and rendered unqualified reports on Pernod Ricard International 
Finance LLC's financial statements as of and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022.  
13. 
Yield 
The yield in respect of the Notes is calculated on the basis of the issue price of the Notes and the rate of interest 
applicable to the Notes (including, as the case may be, any Step-Up) and will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. It is not an indication of future yield. 
14. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Person involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Issuers' or Guarantor's affiliates. Certain of the Arranger, the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, the Arranger and/or such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Arranger, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
15. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
relevant Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the Notes 
and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be

--- Page 124 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 124 - 
36-41038800 
 
conducted by the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s), in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
16. 
Currencies 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to the currency of the United States 
of America, those to "Japanese yen" and "Yen" refer to the currency of Japan, those to "Sterling" and "£" refer to 
the currency of the United Kingdom, those to "€", "EUR", "Euro" or "euro" are to the single currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, those to "Swiss francs" or 
"CHF" are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation and those to "Renminbi" or "CNY" mean Renminbi 
Yuan and are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, excluding the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan (the "PRC"). References in this 
document to "billions" are to thousands of millions. Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been 
subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may 
vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
17. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for 
the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes will specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator 
and whether such administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA or the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, as applicable.

--- Page 125 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 125 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
In the name of Pernod Ricard 
Pernod Ricard hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Pernod Ricard 
5, cours Paul Ricard 
75008 Paris 
France 
Duly represented by Alexandre Ricard, Président du Conseil d'administration et Directeur Général of Pernod Ricard. 
In the name of Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC 
250 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10177 
United States of America 
Duly represented by Vincent Turpin, manager of Pernod Ricard International Finance LLC.  
 
Signed in Paris and New York on 24 October 2022 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent 
and comprehensible in accordance with EU Prospectus Regulation. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuers or the Guarantor and on the quality of the 
Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 24 October 2022 and is valid until 24 October 2023 and shall during this period, 
in accordance with Article 23 of EU Prospectus Regulation, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the 
event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has been given the following approval 
number: 22-421.

--- Page 126 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 126 - 
36-41038800 
 
PERNOD RICARD  
  
Registered and head office 
5, cours Paul Ricard 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
PERNOD RICARD INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LLC 
Registered office 
250 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10177 
United States of America 
 
 
REGISTRAR, FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT IN RESPECT OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
 
11, avenue Emile Reuter,  
L–2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
Luxembourg 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, CONSOLIDATION AGENT 
AND CALCULATION AGENT IN RESPECT OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 127 ---
10235768220-v29 
- 127 - 
36-41038800 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to French and English laws and as to  
the laws of the State of Delaware 
To the Dealers as to French and English laws 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
 
White & Case LLP 
19 Place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
 
AUDITORS OF PERNOD RICARD 
KPMG S.A. 
2, avenue Gambetta 
Tour Eqho 
CS 60055  
92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
Tour Majunga 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
AUDITORS OF PERNOD RICARD INTERNATIONAL FINANCE LLC 
KPMG S.A. 
2, avenue Gambetta 
Tour Eqho 
CS 60055  
92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France